c3a07c0033d22887287f15431a95ae6f
woot good day today
out to lunch?
hahah well i get to come up to see aunt <propfemale> next weekend i want you to wish it to me in person then
damn it!!!!
"wake today, very sad time"
"home from one from what was possibly the saddest day ever, it will be nice to sleep in my own bed after, 2 days of floor and one day of old couch"
"pounding headache, tumor?"
i got my license
"jj is being a pootang, what a surprise"
had the dirtiest car ever  there was collected skin cells where the previous owner always put his hands on the steering whell and it make a thick gummy substance 
goodday
"i can see much clearer now, im blind"
"fun times mom is saying i need respect because she found an old stain (guessing) that neither me, nor any of my friends caused  and is still mad at me because she thinks i am lying when i tell her i dont know about it  and when i try to look at it she yells at me more and she tells me i need to lern to shut up so from this day forth i take a vow of silence"
"do this on your facebook: up, up, down down, left, right left right, b, a, enter"
maiden rulz!
fun time at an old people party because old people have kids my age and we went swimming at talked about lots of stuff from the beatles to views on about life
got a job today
send a promise of destruction to those who will not kneel!
"almost died today, seriously, someone up above was watching out for me"
first day went really well  smile 
"if you work at my market basket  the one near the marshals and iparty, i need someone to take my house for the 17th of october  6-9  its closing so it wont interfer with psats but its my dads weekend so i cant work  thanks for any help i can get here"
"goodnight all, phones on   "
4 hours of getting carts in the cold  snow  rain  fixed by hot coco
migraine     ugh
"friday, after school asap, going to see boondock saints 2: all saints day  who is with me?"
boondock saints 2 all saints day was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like omg omg omg omg omg omg awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
new rammstein!
work 3-close         time and a half is only making it worth it
at dads for  too long    
"first snow, then thunder and lughting? i swear i just saw it! wtf mate?"
"i love my baby! (yes i know im \that guy\"" sorry)"""
any good bands i might like?
"shimmer, by fuel"
dragonite
misses her         
can anyone please take my hours friday
hannahs party was rockin
hasnt even had his good christmas yet           
omg there was a legit techno remix shamwow comerical! mmerry christmas to the world!
anybody want to do anything? let me know cell is on   
"cant find my cell phone     \great"
"i could really use a friend right about now, i am in a pretty dark place "
needs something good to happen in the worse possible way
watching the original super <propfirst> cartoons!
"need hours, i am only working 3 on wednesday, anybody want any hours taken off there hands      please?"
im just a teenage dirtbag baby
"you're all the same, the lot of you, with your long hair and faggot clothes  drugs, sex, every sort of filth  and you hate the police, don't you? you make it easy "
low
stay all night we'll save the population
bored bored bored
book of <propmale> = awesome
what do u think of me?
"you can text me if you need me, ill be away for a bit  also please tell me your true opinon of me, i would like to know"
like a boss!
i smell like oil
to live selfishly is to live uselessly 
"i got  a new phone and number, if you want my number give me yours in a message and i will give you mine in a reply"
"new phone number, send me yours and ill message you mine"
block one <propmale> 2 block 2 cadd block 3 physics with sargent block 4 adv  math topics
who has 4th lunch
"how could you <propmale> <propmale>, how could you"
<propmale> <propmale> zero made me so sick
feel like shit 
is now <propfemale>   and she is watching <propmale> itch his balls
"watching the hangover, again"
why me?!
surgury tomorrow 
nervous as hell
dio!!!!!!!!!!
snow day with no snow     ill take it!
night 
ah the sweet smell of insense
"its not if you will fall, its when you will fall"
redbull > monster
zombie       uh-oh
"movies tomorrow, the cazies, cinemagic, whos comming?"
wtf mother nature is menstral
bad mood
just wanna be in a hot tub                   
"i need new music, ideas?"
everyone come support <propmale> at the meeting tomorrow at nashua high north if you want <propmale> to continue at the nashua schools!
i want meatloaf sandwiches
"giant 17\ whoopie cushion ftw"""
dont let <propmale> die
these snawz berries taste like sazwz berries!!!!!!!!!!
getting plastic beach
selling a smart parts sp-1 anyone interested?
flogging <propfemale> vs  the dropkick murphys you decide
cool beans
internet while at my dads????  still says im connected to my house but im effing south of boston!!!!
wanna play mega man x!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
finally got my hands on some jawbreaker
metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal! metal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
"night all, holy crap im tired, sleepover never means sleep      effing <propmale>              "
why is it that i hate rap but like reggae  music (metal is still one in my book)
am i a wannabe? - have i no dignity  who'd give up all my life   to be in the book of heavy metal!!!!!!!!
just realized that ill get back from germany the 29th      and im signed up to take the sat's the next day                    
"it's getting hotter feel how the flames are growing surrounded by fire you're inside my evil dream, my friend"
amt is easy  also i better get moved to meat  i have asked mutliple times and then they ask someone else to move to meat  thats crap!
just saw a weird old spice comercial
"watched black sheep then a y2k survial cd, the world is out to get me"
time fish strikes again!
how do i get on to the boat in soul silver?!
heaven may be running on empty if the devil rides
how do u draw a fat stick figure?
please dont ruin this volcano
<propfirst> cash
germany tomorrow
vampire weekend anyone?
ugh work
who wants to go rent a suit with me  jj? <propmale>? <propfirst>? -_-
i need to find rammstein translations -_-
tiefe wasser sind nicht still
"holy diver\you've been down too long in the midnight sea\oh what's becoming of me--dio"
any one wanna work sunday tomorrow 11-3?
thanks market basket i didnt want my fuc*ing weekend anyway
new heaven shall burn!
headache ugh
i love music
welcome to facebook the second website where you can pretend to be friends with people just so you can listen to them complain about there average life then make fun of them for it
caliban! heaven shall burn!!!! metal!!!!!! w0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0oh0o00o0o0o0o
"whats that? you say you want to buy a pocket knife, a combat knife and a war hammer, well then you need to go to coldsteel com the most intertaining site on the internet"
any new music suggestiongs?
"her turmoil of this world is not my struggle anymore\the end is putting down its hand for me\i see, i feel"
"so, my aim <propmale> list cleared itself  if you wanna talk to me on aim ever send me a quick message to jakekunas "
good day
mortal kombat
"check out the new mortal combat game, trailers look amazing"
"okay so a message to all crappy blink 182 wanna be highschool bands, you suck, no one wants to hear you songs that all sound then same, all about how much you hate your pathetic life and you hate homework and you math teacher, you are lame i dont care how much you jump and how tight your jeans are, a band isnt about an image its about music"
favorite mortal kombat charater?
"cartoons are not for kids anymore, they are to sick, instead teenagers like them for some reason"
"men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills \them "
"i would rather live my life as if there is a god and \die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die\ to find out there is "
birthday soon  18 woo hoo (saracasm)
friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies 
love his new speacker dock for his zune
"to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, thank you! i tried to tell it to everyone idividually but there was just to many, thank you all"
gah what headphones should i get?!
made my headphone choice  got the good ones and saved a boat load 
rip zuse     he didnt deserve his fate
am i the only one not going to warpped tour?
"new headphones, plugged into my new stero, = soundgasm!!!!!!"
has his music sounding so good he is playing xbox on mute
many who like duck tape also like pop tarts         what?  stupid facebook!
1000 devils reign
"when will my dreams ever come true, why does shit always have to be so difficult, a just turned 18 year old should not have to deal with all this "
back to nashua today
"bored, 98% sure most of my friends went to the big game, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
"where, oh where have you been my love?\\where, oh where can you be?\\it's been so long, since the <propfemale> has gone\\and oh what a wreck you've made me\\are you there, over the oceans?\\are you there, up in the sky?\\until the return of my love\\this lullaby"
going away phone is on
"whatever you do, don't tell anyone"
bucking ford
i want more asain posters for my room
switch blades get them while they are legal everyone!
"playing oblivion, not gonna get anysleep"
i wonder whre that fish did go?
"so im playing oblivion and there are to imperial gaurds shooting at eachother\i attack one, he dies, i commit no crimes, but the other one runs off, i follow him, he starts to shreek and attacks deer, i love this game"
why do none of my friends never ask me to <propfemale> out? why do i always have to be the one asking?
i've been drinking green tea all day!
"i feel like girls always put more letter than needed into words, letters that should not be emphisized examples: my my news feed i see a gymm, a gymmm and bittts"
im listening to the yoshida brothers
"so    so very tired, gonna be a long night at work"
i need tea -_-
chai
"tomorrow about 2 ill be free to do whatever, anyplans"
who wants to make plans tomorrow?
bored
car shopping blows
"just had a peanut butter, jelly, nutella and fluff sandwich\ugh"
"pissed off= metal, hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst> later, good friends to get my mind off of problems\\an insincere and evil friend is more to be feared \than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend \will wound your mind \\buddha"
car shopping = constant headache
yeah i use bing so what
gonna play the original halo
new car today yeah!
last goodbyes to mirage :[
new car is so nice
"those living for death will die by their own hand,"
"been up at 6 am, no clue why, ugh -_-"
"chilling with <propmale> today, should be fun"
i want to play resident evil 4
counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drums
i want a bubble pipe
goodday
"sucks living so close to north, the band needs to practice later, sounds good tho, thats why i was up so early"
"at the cape, i can already tell i am gonna hate the people around me"
"cape is good, beard is going nice"
"p-town was cool, interesting, it wasn't the gay people who got on my nerves oh no it was the swarms of people every 10 feet"
quiznos commercials are effed up
so i finished from under the dome by <propfirst> <propmale> today
bored
"i get buckyballs today, oh yeah"
cannot wait to start in produce!
"home form work, parents are out for 2 hours, oblivion? or buckyballs?"
"working till 3, who wants to do something after?"
"last day of summer isnt tonight, school for people who are not freshman is wednesday, right?"
no no no no school
work 3-9
disturbed
does anybody wanna buy a smart parts sp1?
so very sore
"7:10 @ cinemagic, machete, be there"
"machete 7:10 @cinemagic, who is in?"
gah
"going to go see <propfemale> in her pageant today, should be cool"
so proud of his miss teen nh semi finalist!!
am i the only one excited about dead rising 2 tomorrow ?
"come again some other day\the devil has my ear today\i'll never hear a word you say\\more lyrics: http annoyed  www lyricsmode com lyrics a a_perfect_circle #share"
this shit is bananas
it needs to be warmer
burrr
beat deadrising 2!
when do juniors have necaps?
sat's on saturday  durp
made a 7x7 buckyball cube!
"like hemorrhoidal itch yo you can't ignore me\\cause i'm more tongue and cheek than a lesbo orgy"
is it weird that work made my day?
"mkay i give in internet pressure  like this if you wanna do a truth is thing,"
working monday wednesday and thursday? tuesday im busy  friday who is down for jackass 3d?
i just wanna play new vegas 
"who is down for jackass3d tomorrow, let me know now so we can make plans"
"jackass 3d at 6 50 tomorrow, who else is game"
amazing movie!!! i love midgets
so0o0o0o0o much indian food  its s0o0o0o0o0o0o good
my pants don't fit anymore
hahah facebook reminds you of an anniversary
a match made in heaven set the fires in hell
young people should heed their civic duty and rock the vote  older americans are advised to smooth-jazz the vote
im gonna jump right out and say this; batman sucks
work 12-9
cabin fever 2 sucks
huh? snow? thats what ive herd
needs new music
never been worse
"never wanted to curl up and die as much as i do now, i never thought this was possible "
never let go 11 03 08-11 11 10 its already been too long
ugh 
"i don't wish to be everything to everyone, but i would like to be something to someone "
this is gonna be a long 2-4 weeks  annoyed \
"going to the battle of the bands  tomorrow, should be a good time  they better not disappoint"
battle of the bands was not a disappointment good job
working allllll day
new power glove
"i saw a little girl get that\oh no i lost my mom look today\"" she was probably 3 and started to panic  she dropped the grapes her mom told her to old and started to cry   i was the only person who helped her  and you wanna know why? i remember what it was like """
"love that will not betray you, \\dismay or enslave you,\\it will set you free"
too early for the christmas tree?
work work work work work
its thanksgiving  what are you thankful for?
feels not so good 
i miss when math actually had <propfirst> as oppose to all theoretical <propfirst>
"got my car fixed, again, hopefully, at least it was free of charge"
"so tired, found out that i am basically gonna be one of the student leads with making the dracula set, this should be fun "
is it make your profile picture your favorite pokemon time again?
http annoyed  tinyurl com 6q9t6a
whats your favorite pokemon?
<propfirst>'s house = good times
"working today, 12-9"
pokemon picture > cartoon pictures
new game
saw <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world for the first time today
someone needs to make me a sandwich
"<propfirst>'s window got attacked today because he thought he saw someone we i know from wood shop, crazy old sob"
"work, thats sick"
"all done, a bittersweet feeling,but i'm happy though"
"i am a man who believes in fate  call me foolish if you like but things always turn out okay  we are tested everyday  my i will remain reselute, morals in tact  i have reflected alot, i got to know who i am  after everything i know exactly who and what i am and what i stand for, i will remain strong  i am proud to be everything i am i wouldn't change a thing  going to my dads for the weekend, text me"
"everyone likes to put deep quotes as there status, well \there once was a man from nantucket    \"""""
"so sore, so very sore"
i wish for conversation
"sick day, now i have something else to spend money on "
"mrs  broder killed math for me  i use to enjoy it, now i dread every second with her  she is in charge of the math department and that is why we have low test scores  she hired incompetent teachers  so its not just her class it sucks, its most math teachers"
working monday tuesday and thursday next week
12-9 today       sick
"robbies for the day, cell is on "
metal
true grit?! yes! who is in??
true grit = amazing  pay your hard earn money to see it now!
played brawl all night 
chipotle gift card !!!
work at 3  bored until then 
oot i guess
"unemployed, this needs to change, anyone know any good leads?"
my hand already hurts
"these withered hearts are waiting for the end\those who will return, will never leave this hell again"
finished my paper
why is nobody ever on aim anymore?
"something good needs to happen, its always darkest before the <propfemale> they say, well, it looks pitch black and no light in sight  i need help  i need some joy  everyday its the same sad songs  everyday the same problems  it wears you down  i need some help  at my dads for the weekend you can text me   "
got an interview at sears!!!
"dear powerade, change your flavor from mountain <propfirst> blast to blue  it doesnt taste like berries it taste like blue "
playing fallout
"snow day, yes  breakfast in bed, yes "
"this would have been a perfect day for elder scrolls five, if only     "
"likes not going to school, hate how i am stuck at the house"
your country needs you    see dracula this weekend
your hot coco is my black coffee
 annoyed 
wants someone to talk to him
i need help
"home alone all day, this is no good  someone come save me please"
"first hanging out with <propfirst> playing fallout, then funworld with <propmale> and <propfirst>  then sledding with <propfirst> and crew, overall solid day"
"amazing rendition of dracula, the actors did the set just and then some  great job everybody"
bulbasaur i choose you
gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love 
"happiness comes from an inner peace, understanding and acceptance of life; a perspective of truth that opens your eyes to the beauty of life all around us  happiness cannot be achieved by external status, it must be an internal state that we realize when we see our innate perfection "
"instead of watching the game i hungout with the boys and played some magic cards, the entire time i was wondering if i was missing anything good with the pats game, turns out i wasnt so thats good,"
"job interview at sears tomorrow, kinda nervous"
ving rhames *gasp* <propmale> trejo *gasp* death race 2   aww
"interview soon, wish me luck "
"4 day weekend, i am okay with this  imagine if they had no school on that one friday it would have been 7 days"
"<propfirst> simard's today, yes, magic and brawl, yes "
good day today
what am i gonna do with these color coded m&m's
gahh screw math rap projects   
anyone wanna help me throw some math words into what could be taken as a math rap  poem
right now i am feeling some disturbed
thank got that monstrosity of a project is done
"crazy good time today, just chilling, 2nd interview tomorrow  hope i nail it!"
new tosh 0 tonight at ten  study till then       maybe
someone should talk to me 
who knew?
"should of had a snow day, instead a delay     -_-"
can anyone give me a rife to school?
"just a mid term today, sick"
"i need a racing helmet, not so i can use it for any real reason, i just wanna stare people down at red lights with it "
tosh 0 just did a cold steel segment 
"gah i wanna chill with someone, can anyone drive and come get me?"
"delay means i need to find a ride to school, anybody willing?"
accepted into umass <propmale> and unh!!
crazy fun weekend
best superbowl commercial?
people never change? only change temporarily
what to do? what to do what to do?
"discovered they have sweet baby rays beef jerky, and also this thing called red bull supreme exist, overall, great day"
"looking to just chill, anyone down?"
discussion time: best starter pokemon? ever?
dropkicks
what do you want out of life?
"singles awareness day, like if you are aware"
best valentines ever!!!
ha just realized that singles awareness day shorted is s a d ahaha
the wizard 
who needs new music? this guy
"bucking ford, someone should talk to me or something"
bored
"new mattress, sick, bored as hell, not sick"
coffee coffee coffee
"going to the wizard, always a good time"
durp?
who is bored enough to talk to me?
"the whole house smells of garlic and tomatoes, it must be italian time  laugh "
does anybody wanna do anything?
just watch the thing!! sick movie
"my bulbasaur just evolved, they grow up so fast :'d"
"who be down to chillz, witha z"
chillin with <propfirst>!
concert
"crazy show tonight, got kicked in the face, its all good tho "
the sooner i am out of this place the better!
"bulletstrom, pokemon white   good day"
"the meaning of life, to give life meaning, the purpose of life, to give life a purpose, what ever makes you happy, is what you have to do, live life and enjoy it  because its the only one we have "
should not of had that 3 hour nap  woops 
"shooting pool, always a good time "
"fear is such a weak emotion that's why i despise it\we scared of almost everything, afraid to even tell the truth\so scared of what you think of me, i'm scared of even telling you\sometimes i'm like the only person i feel safe to tell it to"
"i have saved the day, i hope everything gets going on the right path"
"had a crazy awesome day,  smile  the fighter, sick movie  things are just good"
"  i e playful ected them to be cooked more, raw faces are just gross"
"long day, it went crappy, then turned out good, you know who you are"
really love your peaches want to shake your tree
