0c242c62e4c0ed051d218e2fc2ea066a
"if you do what you love, you'll never have to work a day in your life "
"a true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if your home is tidy or not, if your car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect    a true friend just loves you for you! repost this if you have at least one true friend "
"ha, love this one! please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness"
"umm   has anyone even seen obama's birth certificate yet?  if not, why isn't anyone making him show it?  i wonder how many other presidents would be able to stay in office 14 months without producing proof of their citizenship   "
"<propmale>'s wife comes walking in the bedroom wearing a <propmale> and asks him what he thinks   he says, \i think you should go next door and show <propmale>   he's been constipated for 3 days and that'll make any man shit \"""""
"it's mommy's week! repost this with the date(s) you became a mommy! november 18, 1997 and aug 18, 2001  i ? u both!"
"it'slove my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister   i love you <propfemale>!  thanks for everything "
change your profile to that of one taken in the 80's (if you are old enough  wink 
they say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live and they don't hold grudges  they understand life is busy but you will    always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends!
"there comes a time in life when you should simply walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be anything but happy  re-post if you agree, i just did !!"
"now god didn't promise days without pain, laughter without sorrow, sun without rain, but he did promise strength for the day, comfort for the tears, and light for the way  thank you lord "
"if mcdonalds starting selling hot dogs, could you order a mcweiner with a straight face and tell them you want it supersized?"
to all the businesses and politicians who have recently wasted thousands of dollars stuffing my mailbox   thanks for giving me something to start fires with 
"when driving down the road of life, rarely do you know how good you have it, until you see it in the rearview mirror   take time today to count your blessings, and don't forget the small stuff, it may turn out to be not so small "
"have you ever noticed that when people are asked what one item they would take with them to a deserted island, no one ever says a boat?"
all the mistakes i made in my past made me who i am today and i wouldn't do anything different because i'm a stronger and wiser person today 
"compulsive liars-rewriting the past so they can live with their actions   ughh!!!  why can't people just own up to their actions, apologize and then accept whatever consequences come with it?"
"today is turning out to be the worst day of the week and it's only 9 surprise 0 in the morning   i tried talking about it, but fb told me my status was too long   i guess that means it's been pretty bad   but, that should mean it can only get better, right?"
"husband and wife are driving down the road arguing   they pass a cow pasture and the husband says \relatives of yours?\""  wife says \""yeah  in-laws!"""
3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom love you  10 years old: mom whatever   17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me        post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom      
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\""3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please repost this  it would be nice to see on everyone's wall"""
"\when one door closes another opens   but often we look so long so regretfully upon the closed door that we fail to see the one that has opened for us \"" ~ <propfemale> keller"""
never take someone who makes you smile for granted 
"\take pride in how far you've come and have faith in how far you can go\""  i am so sick of studying!  and definitely looking forward to thanksgiving break!  only one more week to go and then a week and a half before finals and i'm done til january   then it starts all over again   but 2 1 2 years and i'm done for good!"""
"'if you can read this thank a teacher \if you can read this in english thank a soldier!'"
"anyone else hate their computer?  my speakers quit working outta nowhere, my battery only lasts a couple hours when it used to last for 6-7, it's sooo slooowww i wanna pull my hair out, and now i keep getting \this <propfemale> cannot be displayed\"" even though i still have connection   uugghh!!!"""
"\it is impossible to rightly govern the world without god and bible\"" ~george washington"""
"i can't believe it, my daughter is now 13   it seems like i was just in the hospital with her and she was only a few hours old  but i'm so proud of the teenager (yikes!) she is today   happy birthday <propfemale>!"
today i was at subway when a woman asked an employee how long their 6 inch sandwich was 
"well, today we took <propfemale> to columbia mall for her birthday cuz she wanted to buy her own presents this year   she started out with $175 she had saved up   i told her she could spend it all, but it would be smart to save some of it   all she bought was a jacket on sale for $10 that would've normally been $40   that's my girl "
blonde: i can't get the car unlocked   blonde 2: well hurry up it's starting to rain and the top's down!
did you know you can't hum while holding your nose?  what's up with that?
"doesn't anyone say \excuse me\"" anymore?  people can be so rude!!!"""
"why are people so angry?  life hasn't been the best to me, but i still manage to put a smile on my face and be friendly to people   a smile could brighten someone's awful day; they're contagious like yawns   so make sure you smile at everyone you see and maybe you can make a difference in the world "
don't need an angel on my christmas tree i already have one in heaven looking downon me   
"dear facebook friends    change your default facebook picture to a cartoon \character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on \facebook until monday,the 6th of december  join the fight against child abuse, and invite yourfriends to do the same ? growing up should be fun    not painful "
"no matter how good your intentions are, the world judges your presentation   no matter how good your presentation is, god judges your intentions "
snow is just an acronym for shit no one wants!
"god saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around u & whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched and saw u pass away although we love u dearly, we could not make u stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this holiday season "
"every christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought  well this is what i want, i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured  i want children with no families, to be adopted, i want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat  now, lets see how many people re-post this who    actually care  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts  prove me wrong!"
