d77af47f1fcf316c6d6a6f9f885e5131
"talent show, kareoke, card games, improv, ninja, signs, toasts, and just being with all your great friends! have a new year everyone   smile "
i like singing! *sings* i like dancing! *dances* i like trains    oh crap
"now that i have my claw, i can fly!"
is totally going to buy madi ice cream and come say hello to her tomorrow so they can party because she is sick and totally misses him   madi told me to write that  smile 
"<propfirst> cage's song \4 minutes 33 seconds\""  check it out"""
spumoni!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it rocks 
spumoni!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it rules!
this is a status change
's facebook has been taken over by <propfemale>!!! mwahahahahahaha!  smile 
i am floating away  lost in a silent ballet 
going to the transformers midnight showing!!!!
"seya people, im off to dinner, then transformers!!!!"
find a road to a humble abode where both of our routes meet the silver sound is all around and the colors fall like snow
"computer is crashed, so i use my sisters laptop  smile   thank you sis!"
"im going to start a poll, <propfirst> shaves his head for warbucks in the play  who's in?"
"in all honestly, i can't sleep out of boredom  i'm just to bored to sleep"
doctor:tell her the doctor is here  doctor who? just the doctor    *sound of cup breaking*  assistant: im sorry but she is up to her head in paper work and   doctor: she's climbing out the window isn't she? assistant:       yes 
"sorry to everyone who has called or texted me in the last few days and i havent replied, i dont really have my phone right now and i need to get it back, but its kind of hard to get something back unless you have a phone or they're on facebook often    so"
"parades  sunglasses  chinese food  the fierced game of uno ever play  failed to pull the master sword  \i didnt know you could be criteacted on how to be a stool?\"" <propmale> hill theme song  mint leaves  hacky sack! glow sticks  firework analogies  popcorn an"""
these big city dream are what you're about walking like stangers among these states only time will tell how long i can wait
"like only a month away before we preform, hope we'll be ready "
is sick   sad 
you remind me of the babe
still way sick  sad 
really hope i feel better soon
does anyone speak whale?
10 people has already asked if i have swine flu  im pretty sure i dont  smile 
have you ever shouted random acronyms at people? quite an enjoyable task i might add  laugh 
my cat smells like waffles!!!!
it's a very dangerous thing to do exactly what you want    because you cannot know yourself or what you'd really do    with all your power 
finally got his <propfirst>'s milkshake  but found out yoyo shaved his head!
just got back from <propmale> potter and now feels like saying everything in a british accent 
i like the box becuase in the middle of kellogg's is ello  like a british greeting  ello govna!
"im pretty sure that for the next two weeks, i'll have friends with birthdays, and birthday parties every single day    sorry if i dont get you all gifts   "
why would anyone build a fridge that sucked away all your processed ham slices?
"is so exhausted! got back from the coolest quincenera ever!!! my spanish skills were put to the test today, i may have failed     but i got a cool new friend that speaks no english, but lives in cancun!! good times, good times   "
"studies have shown that if a wood<propmale> could <propmale> wood, then the wood<propmale> would <propmale> about 700 pounds of wood  (true stuff)"
just got my schedule
elimy and <propfemale>! i sure hope you guys like your present!
<propfemale> and <propfemale>! i hope you guys like your most amazingly coolest present ever!
"i'd like to make myself believe, that planet earth turns slowly  its hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when im asleep, because my dreams are bursting at the seams "
"<propfemale>, your ab-so-lute-ly fan-tastic!"
only 4 more days! well basically 3     3 more days!!!
"i'd say that today, amazing! i have such amazing friends, one and all!"
"today was a pretty good day in my perspective  i was with friends, family, an doing what i love(who says i have to be good at it?) thats the defintion of a good day   smile "
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!1
brilliant times last night! no better tradition than going to <propfirst>'s till who knows when     and drinking salt water     
its not my fault! the seatbelt tried to eat it!
"really needs a job, anyone?"
i lost my schedule    lol!!!
one word: nirvana
"lol! my friend just made my day by saying that the only reason she hates the first day of school, is becuase she never knows where to sit!!!!! lol!!! <propfirst>, your awesome     "
"hey look, im acutally able to be online, yay!"
"wow, its e playful ensive to have a life    lol"
"\you're only as tall as your heart will let you be and you're only as small as the world will make you seem when the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall just look on the brightside - you're roughly six feet tall\"""""
is sore
what the baba yetu?!
"and what better way to say \i love you\"" than with a gift of a spatula  """
emphasis
really wants ocboter 11th to come
mwahahahahahahaha!!!!
is at snowbird this weekend!!!!!!!!!
"you just have the coolest feeling in the world, when you go to yahoo, and click on the exclamation point on the end of yahoo!"
i get to stay another day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has a working computer with internet now   laugh 
hahaha!!! looking at my statuses over the past months    really remind me of good times  i love that app!
i do quite enjoy the color green  why? because i am a banana and <propfemale> has a weapon which i cant fight off because my spoon is just to big     
today went really good!!!
paint  war  nough  said  smile 
meet me on the equinox  meet me half way  when the sun is perched at it's highest peek  in the middle of the day
i miss being covered in paint     
26 hours!
my phone doesnt know how to spell taco!
math equation: <propfirst> has 2 chips  <propfirst> eats one chip  how much chips does he have left?
"i wish is was tomorrow, then it would be a happy windsay!!!!"
"school is a pain, and it may dominate your life, but not what you are, or who you are  school, although a <propmale> part of life, isnt life altogether, so have fun, and dont let it get to you, but dont push it away altogether   smile "
banzaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
"well, on the bright side, if zombies storm in, all the people sitting will be eaten first "
chior concert  dun dun dun
reeeeeeeeeeeally wants some milk
"gunna attempt to find some'in to eats, then tear up some clothes, possibly a nap, then off to the concert"
"tomorrow is plush animal lover's day and national chocolate day  so get your favorite stuffed plush animal, and covor it in chocolate everyone!!"
exactly two weeks from tonight!!!!!
i wasn't just any angel today       i was a manly angel  (inside joke)
"<propfirst>, where did the fourth dimension go?!?!??!"
today was good
everybody likes that i had a good day yesterday  laugh  lol
just spent litterally the last 5 and a half hours with a vaccuum getting all the pet hair off the couches      im hungry
who sings that song? yeah lets keep it that way     
what? i can't have a facebook just because i dont have a face?!
"the texas chainsaw massacre was originally entitled headcheese, but was changed at the last minute   i like headcheese better"
"procrastination, thy name is      i'll finish it later     "
"just invited a crap load of people to dracula, and i really dont e playful ect that much to come   thats why i invited a crap load  smile "
"you have a choice, you can press the button and   okay! *press* i didnt even get to e playful lain! *exlposion heard outside*"
the one day i have free for litterally two weeks     and i have nothing to do   
fourth kind  intense  holy crap
going now to start writing some scripts plots  etc  while listening to some sondre lerche 
its in your blood! thats racist  your soul  thats racist  your eyes? thats gay? thats homophobic  thats black  thats racist! darn    
opening night!!!!!!! woo!!!! and yet      *shifty eyes*
2 hours! hope they got all the kinks worked out! and remember to not step on the string!!!!!!
"thats right, im on facebook at lunch time  and apparently i have reallly good boyfriend hair   is that like a common sense defintion among all girls?!?!"
"got sold out fast  signed autographs, tonight was good, and not over yet  on to improv! i love that when i ever get blown off, something elso always opens up for me to do!!"
glad that im able to do <propfemale> now!! man i make my life busy    but better than nothing  
improv+mow+excelent dracula performances+ getting to do <propfemale>= one very duable weekend  smile 
"i really wish i had an ipod  i love my music, but i can only listen to it in my room  i want to listen to it on the go!!"
the soap in the boys bathroom smells like sausage 
this week has been pretty fun and everyday about thrity inside jokes are made  i dont even thing im joking     
"tonight went good, and yet another set of inside jokes"
i've got a lovely buch of coconuts  merv griffin is my hero
making the dracula cast member list now  laugh 
there's no sense crying over every mistake you just keep on trying until you run out of cake and the science gets done and you make a neat gun
are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
"and remember, no smmmoking, and no flash photography          <propmale> hertzfelt is a mastermind creep funny man  it sounds wierd, but it makes sense when you watch the videos   "
"there is soomething really shiny on the mountain  that's right <propfemale>, i told you i was going to, and i did"
"i just want everyone to know that <propfemale> was really discovered by yodeling panda bears while they were on tour  the french language came about when the natives were taught ancient yodel panda songs, that were later adapted to todays french language   "
"i've been spotted! by the standard examiner? i thougth the reporter was only writing a review, not putting the pics up! lol thanks <propfemale>!"
"okay, cast party = awesome  wii games onto night games (which i owned) huge coffin shaped cake, and cutting <propmale>'s hair!( i had the shears) then playing improv games, really fun time"
"gets to go laugh at people at midnight, but then also feel sad becasue i dont get to get the great deals for i have no money  but then laugh again at all the people freaking out over a washing machine   "
whats the best thing since sliced bread? leftover turkey sandwhich between the two slices    need i say more?
needs a cowboy hat 
"is sleeping on the couch tonight     but my several month long quest is nearly finished!! but im no kidding, it did take me several months to clean rearrange organize my room    "
today was awesome! i painted mrs  j's wall!!!! its amazing
first perfromance  ify      but we still had fun!
"this argument was brought to you by the letter o  \oooooooooooooh!\"" ooooooooooh! \""oh!\"" oh    """
"look at me! i'm the <propmale> of new york! *refrence*  if you know it by heart, your my hero "
going crazy because he cant drink milk    
the crossing guard leads me into traffic   
"poor <propfemale>, but you gotta admit it was funny though!  smile "
i think the concept of weekend doesn't apply anymore  i swear i had school on saturday before singing to the blind 
<propfemale> packer's car if officially the party ride  coolest vehicle ever! <propfemale> packer
"yes, i actually do have a lovely coconut  its amazing  i plann on getting more "
"3 hours + friends + bernini, rembrant, and some crazy guy = crazy iside jokes brought by the power of <propmale>! and moonlight sonata"
a new additon to mrs  j's wall of amazing may be coming soon  
why is it that your parents get mad at you when they ask you what you want for christmas and you tell them you dont need anything?
so far these few weeks i have       up to seven parties i must attend  any more i should know about?!
"oh wait i forgot one! 8 then, 8 parties that i have been invited to    any more i need to know about?!"
autottuning has heelped me realize that the shamwow guy actually gives you the stink eye during the commercial  
apparently there is a mancelles video somewhere on facebook     or youtube?
"if voilence is actually the answer, it e playful lains why dogs eat homework  smart creatures they are     unlike fish sticks"
no more pneumonia!!! after 3 horrid days of being stuck in my house all lonely doinjg nothing i finally get to go do things now!!! hazaah!!!
finally! my scrabble skills finally paid off! take that bananagrams!!!! ownage 
"once i got better, my family gets sick  its good to know that im usually the first to finish    -metaphor-"
i feel today trying to get into my friends car and they're having laughing attacks about it now  even her mom
man my locker is going to be full of sticky notes already and it'll only be the beggining of second semester!
"i've come a long way this year    so much has happened  this year alone i've made or strengthened so many friendships  i've done so much too! i've figured out things i can do that i never would have fathomed i could do! not to mention the inside jokes   ha! good times  i just want to thank everyone whether i've know you a long time or not   unless you have a snuggie, then no  snuggiths are okay "
happy birthday       earth
"jeez! i dont get on for two days and i have over 100 notifications, 7 friend requests, who knows how many messages etcetera, etcetera    jeez lol!"
"really freaky! im coming home from school  right as i turn into my street, i see almost over 70 crows all sitting along my house  i start walking and they all fly to the tree, and crow  not any other living thing or sound coming from my street except crows  right as i pass my tree, over the viewline of my roof, i see a flock of over 100 crows fly into my street and tree  im not kidding, and there still there too   "
"i rode almost all the way home today with myeslf halfway through a sunroof  anytime in becca's car, is amazing"
"oh no i spilt my milk! you\ve killed us all!!!"""
alright  who parked there car        on my sandwich?!
mother's greatest torture method: waiting and smelling home cooked dinner 
chemical ratios only invole content smiley faces wearing crazy hats 
--1 smile 0 am -- finished my one act play  it ended up being 17 pages    
who knew i'd have such a play oriented day? 8 am-1230 pm: paint sets for wedding singer  1-4 pm : <propfemale> rehearsal  7is: going to see all night strut 
forget the saltwater room and pour me some black coffee!! i love both songs still 
"stabbed a sticky bun, did a 5-10 minute long skit w  <propfemale> all improvised, foot twister, clue, cooked dinner for 10+ people w  <propfemale>  then faced the wrath of ninja <propfemale> at the dinner table (videotaped)  then to end it i listened to radio stations in japan  all of this, in my pajamas as well "
the scotch egg was actually invented in london in 1851  thats right 
do you ever think about stuff?                no       
where is the love? *creepy <propmale> face* the man  heaven help us!
i wrote a haiku about goats today 
"i just learned that nemo in latin means \no one \"" disney lied to me! <propfirst> was finding no one     """
dont get mad  get glados  she has cake
"its now official: humpty dumpty is a rubber ducky, the wall is made of pudding, and the floor is on fire  it took place at <propmale>'s grocery store, and bam! the nursery rhyme just makes so much more sense   "
"man, you know a dance number is coming great together when you have to hobble on one foot because your other leg is injured, and also during the middle of the number when you accidentaly just slap the lead in the face!     sorry <propmale>!"
oh yeah?! well im writing you all prescription for lame!
i agree with unamed kid with line 1  strawberry is my favorite 
"you've never feeled more accomplished than whem you win a game of majong on a touch screen computer at costume fittings   oh yeah, and i dress like a pirate for <propfemale>! how many of you can say you've done that?"
"i meant to do homework, but then i remembered there's still no school tomorrow   "
i pointed at a car in the school parking lot and said it was blue     the car was actually purple      blue you to mahogany cursed purple maroon whatever car!!
"these next few weeks are going to be really tough, but you do whatcha gotta do, ready or not   and stuff  i like stuff    especially the kind that toasts "
"opening night at the village green tonight! cuz its <propfemale>, <propfemale>!!!"
we got a standing ovation opening night  this is gunna be a fun show i knew it  smile 
"he totally, popped his bumber! when he, rammed that laaady! but theres no reason to stop, and she if she's fine, she'll be fine, she'll be fine    she's fiiiiiiiiinnneeee!"
"no, this is <propfirst> "
had the greatest time with <propfemale>! was really fun guys and cant wait for <propmale>! im sad though that not everyone will be there    
i can now say that i've had an opening night 3 days after a closing night 
last night couldn't have been better  smile 
one of the best weekends of my life! everyone has to come see wedding singer before its over! its simply amazing!!!
it sure sucks being young    
oompa loompas have never been more awesome   
"love the weather today!!!! might just walk to the cast call tonight again    although i usually end up looking like <propfemale> with all me costumes on <propfemale> back, but its worth it!"
"just a few more nights, then some time to practice, then auditions, auditions, and more auditions of course    "
the flock of seagull's have taken its last flight     for now
my hair on the sides wont come down      the flock does not want to leave!!
"hablo ingles? asked the man  i replied, im sorry, i don't speak english  (but i said it with an english accent )"
dont't you mean lady? rrrrrrraaaaaadddy precisely
its not my fault! the seatbelt tried to eat it!!!!
"gently grasp the baby  now, toss the baby and lead into downward facing dog  next we will roll down a hill randomly, read a tree's love note, then seductively sing to our country  afterwards we may all go fall asleep in a movie  "
now your getting into the music!
audition tomorrow! i feel confidence!
i think my audition went    contently  and i also figured out that i can make pong noises!!!! intense stuff    
hales theater is a copycat     smart    but a copycat 
don't you just love the feeling of when you find a new band that you like?
oh the tension!!!
"whadya say?! i cant hear you! yeah i like tacos! no, my name isnt paco!"
had a blast in california! i find it odd that even when i fall asleep on the beach twice    the only part of my body at all that got sunburnt       was my nose 
california was a <propmale> blast! but its good to be home    can we all move to california now?
"its know proven that when someone asks mrs  hyde for a penicl, i do duck and cover  truly happened today, by instinct nonetheless!"
its green!!!! most epic jynx ever! lol last night was the coolest ever!
beauty and the beast toy story 3 preivews set to the sound of some airplane action scene from the mummy = epic proportion dubbing 
"note to self: make sure to chech the address before you order something from a different state     im still tracking it, but finally after 17 missed calls they finally return my call, which i missed    "
nothing better to make a day then playin in the first puddles of spring and gettin soaked!!!!
"life goal 37: when the kiosk employee is not present, leave an absurd remark on his her facebook status  they're always on that site when i pass them   "
bwahahahahaha! its a hilarious day when you look at your friend requests and your mom got a facebook and requests you   lol!
dying whales have been more fluent    
guess who gets to help work backstage with <propfemale>!!!!
dorsal fins: becuase we suck!
"when im not busy moving a set or pulling the curtains     i enjoy the way everything looks under a blacklight, converse being the most noticable tonight "
math homework? thats what mornings are for     
"so my house gets broken into by <propfemale> <propfirst> , <propfemale> rodriguez , and <propmale> aubry sizemore     they used my oven to cook pizza  my family wasnt phased at all by the ramdom teenage girls just poppping in the kitchen either   "
"so i've officially seen <propmale>! all the way through now     i now realize, im a way bigger jerk then i thought   "
"jeez   you take a small nap, from 4 to 7 smile 0 and you totally miss everything you get invited to that day    "
"so when i went to the gym this weekend, i discovered for some reason that my left arm is weaker than my right, by far     oh and i tye dyed shirts!!!!"
the only time i can get on facebook for the time being is at school  irony   but true  no access at home    
i am a child of god thanks to <propfemale> richards 
"i believe that humans evolved from pirates  consider that humans share\around 95% dna with monkeys, and more than 99 9% dna with pirates  think about it"
has connection!!!!!!
<propmale> levinson i am going to miss you so entirely much!!! have fun in texas without us bro! you better come visit man!
sang for the assisted living today  i really enjoyed it alot! hope i can do it again!
"went to castle park, and discovered its a great place to spoof twilight     oh and <propfemale>, <propmale>, and i meddled in the horror movie composing arts   "
i look up to kole rohbock and his savvy media e playful ertice kole rohbock
is not aloud to shave for 3 months so i can look scruffy for <propmale> 
this ones asain  this one has beard! this one is wearing a skirt! hey look more bathrooms  <propfemale> dahl <propfemale> <propmale>
yesterday  i hammertimed! then i shouted at llamas  then i hammertimed while shouting at llamas 
ikea woodframes + fire = jet propoltion!!! happy birthday <propfemale> dahl
im so chill i gotta be measured in <propmale>!
its now official  i can now get reception in my mouth everyone 
marmite
kansas   is dead  <propfemale> rust <propfemale> alvey <propfemale> fannon <propmale> adams
"after a whole semester, and nearly 2 3 of summer    i am finally going driving with an instructor tomorrow!!!"
"i think i might just have to give into peer facebook pressure      like my status and i will tell you a like, dislike, first impression and confession about you "
"once again, and this shouldn't come as a suprise to anyone     i've lost my <propmale> script again   "
     and now i'm back!!!!!
still to this day my script has been missing    crud
information on cast nights are now up to! so if you want to come you'll know which nights to go to see your friends family or whatnot!!
i might be able to help out with they're playing our song! sweetness!!!
"so my account got hacked earlier      if you guys got weird messages from me, it was a really lame hacker      and i suggest that if you havent changed your password in awhile, that you should "
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys!! today has been pretty great!
"my birthday, productions retreat, improv workshop contest, and even possibly a group date  pretty much this week is going to rock!"
so im pretty much stoked!
so retreat was basically amazing in every way!!!!
"i want school to start, only on one exception!!! it can end after 1st period "
i can't believe i slept through that wicked storm last night   
"tech week started yesterday and the memories from the <propfemale> wagner are just flooding back!! you guys should really come to see oliiver! its going to be an amazing show right down to the set pieces! opening night is this friday, so come support us! if you need more info just ask!  laugh "
"i <propfirst> blood then died three different times, oh tech week you never let us down!  laugh "
<propmale>!     nuff said
"<propmale> is going great guys! you don't want to miss out on this great show, and there are still chances to come see it!! any who want to should come!"
"first period, is basically like the only logical reason i can see for attending tomorrow!"
joy
play the violin <propfirst> 
"let us not forget  honor those you love, and remember those whose lives were lost  god bless us "
i think my family is now officially used to see me comming home covered in paint 
nerd day  complete success!! <propfirst> young <propmale> tesch and i utterly rocked the place 
day date = success! it was hilarious! now i'm totally stoked for tonight!!!!
homework + homecoming weekend =     just no  it doesnt add up    
so i just recently learned that the cap'n crunch has a middle name      who knew   
"sorry guys! my phone got stolen and the guy started charging money, so we turned it off    "
well  its that time of year again    spending aproximately 13-14 hours at school nearly everyday of the week 
guess whose now an uncle!
thats right  i requested showtunes from facebook  i was just curious    
"whose way stoked for today?! well     its, its me  just so you know  yeah!"
"sorry guys, still no phone"
*fist punch* get out of my corner!
ah! oh! ooo! wow!!!!
thouroughly enjoying this fantastic general conference! thank you 102 7!
"general conference is just awesome! and it ended with sweet hour of prayer! lol, if your in my seminary class you'd get why it't funny!"
"today was awesome!!! general conference  hanging with the tesch's! and guess what else!!! showtunes played \show people\"" for me!!!"""
"i finally has another phone! it's the same number i had before, but i don't have anyone else's, so text me saying who you are so i can save you!!!"
"i finally has another phone! it's the same number i had before, but i don't have anyone else's <propfirst>, so text me saying who you are so i can save you!!!"
"and remember    noo smmoking, and no flash photography "
"best question to ever ask a random person in a bri'ish accent: \you a'vent seen a giant bloo box 'ave you?\"""""
"\bridezilla is gunna grape you in the mouth tonight if you hear a white girl say bro with a happier and wider mouth!\"" pretty much the epitome of the day     """
choir conccert today!!!  laugh 
bazinga 
"it takes shakespeare, a genius, to come up with \he dies \"""""
had a great time today with <propfemale> and <propfemale> taking pictures today! and tonights gunna be a bigger party!!!!
"opening night tomorrow! come see \you can't take it with you \"" its way funny and a really great show!!! you guys will not be disappointed!"""
opening night guys!!!! come see you cant take it with you before     well before you cant!
"one of the best opening nights ever? i think so! dont miss out on seeing, you can't take it with you!!! you may regret it!!!"
i had a one missed call today form 1000000000 today 
"i'm feeling better thanks to all the support of my cast members! thank you guys so much for caring! we've all put sweat, tears, and a large portion of my stomach into this show!!! if you havent seen it yet, you better get some tickets soon!"
lol everytime i'm on the computer i can hear all the different disney movies going on in my nieces' room a few feet away! man do i miss those times!!!
its official  i am going to see <propmale> potter tomorrow  most likely   
feliz navi*daniel noise* <propmale> <propmale> cross
"tonight and tomorrow night guys! last <propmale> to see you can't take it with you! don't miss out, its waaaay funny!!!"
"\say baman     when are you going to make my little <propfemale>    an honest tuba?\"""""
still can't wait for that morning to come that i wake up to a mariachi band singing feliz navidad 
"\darn you dairy <propfemale>!! i didn't order this blizzard!!\"" - <propfirst> saunders"""
"bananagrams, <propfirst> pilgrim, sledding and pie  <propmale>, turkey, and lots of hair dye  just a weekend another weekend at my dad's lol"
"<propfemale> banana, would like to hear, <propfemale> by bananarama    banana "
"<propfirst> nielson, you shall be missed! no one could parody like that ole guy! rest peacefully, and try not to fly any airplanes    "
it finally ends tomorrow  i'm excited 
"mutual tonight? success!!! movie will be up on youtube sooner or later, but it is gunna be sweet!!! lol"
"oh, bleeding hearts of the world unite!"
"\toast makes me feel dirty \"" <propfemale> odekirk"""
"maybe you shouldnt have any more donuts   \doggies have feelings!!!\"" no no dont give him any more!! \""doggies need love!\"""""
this number game has intruiged me     do your worst!!!! keep it in the inbox though of course    
"21: so your are pretty much, waaay cool!!!! it was always a party going to schools singing in choir with ya! math was way fun last year too, but i dont see you as often this year!!"
1001: one of the bestest friends if ever!!! and were not to shaby singing on a pre-play piano either!!! lol you are just awesome and talented in every way! and also its not hard for you to brighten one's day or have a great time!
"80,000,000: i'd have to say without a doubt that you are the top of the most creative people i have ever met! you've made almost failing a class some of the funnest e playful eriences ever!! (although it wasnt your fault, i just did not get chemistry)"
"22: can i say future american idol?! you are beyond amazing at singing!! just so you know! haha you are way good at acting too! remember when i first did guys and dolls with you guys? oh boy     lol but i've come far, and you've helpoed out alot!"
6437: best  at  every  thing  there  is  to  do  with  <propmale>  ever! and your a pretty awesome friend to!!! hanging out more should be your biggest priority 
"88 3 4: if i had enough space to fill hundreds of status boxes, i still couldnt!! you are just basically the best thing thats happened to me if ever! you are amazing! and if your ever cold, i do have jackets  smile "
"5: you a crazy one!!!! lol advisory was way fun! sorry i had to leave, but being an ambassador was fun too!!! i remember you first met me through text when <propfemale> gave you my number at lagoon!"
"72: no handshake could ever trump ours! i think that the best inside jokes ive made were with you lol!!!! real fun times!!!! i think we need to have more, and <propfemale> out!! that and so i dont get lost finding your house with cookie dough   "
"33333333333333: you were probably one of the first true friends i made when i moved to layton! and although you used to be taller than me (even when sitting) i totally grew taller than you!!! haha the inside jokes we made when we <propmale> out were pure idiotic genius!! its a pity i hardly ever see you anymore, like anywhere?! forever a skittle! (oh and tell becca to stop sitting so close to the computer screen!)"
"17: hahahahahaha!! best of times definately!! you and me are like besties, and you are way awesome with everyone you meet!! no way could i ever take a spanish class again without remembering the times we've had and all the inside jokes we've made!!! you are too cool for me, but i still think we need to <propfemale>!!!"
"5280: you are, amazing!! just with everything you do!! you can excel at anything like on crack!!! you are really really talented and a very fun person! and you can throw a party like none other!!! i'm so glad that i'm able to be a friend with the likes of someone like you!"
1121: we've never had a little girl before!!! lol you are like my bestie <propmale>! we always make the best jokes when we <propfemale>!! you are also very talented at singing and knowing when a friend is down! need to <propfemale> more often?! i think so!!!!
i'm a user!
"648,547,798,112,354,943,154,177,354,684,139 4: this number probably is around the amount of good times we've made plus the inside jokes divided by all the pokemon pictures and raised to the power of concerts attended  seriously though, i've never not laughed a crap load when we <propfemale>!!!"
"3 14: ummmm, hello? lol! good times!!!! if you werent such a sissy i probably wouldnt have a limp in my leg! (jk) we made lots of really funny inside jokes!!!! good times indeed!"
"haha, nothing better to boost confidence like going to see a play at @desert <propfemale> playhouse, and having the professional photographer for the show hit on you and ask your age!!"
"man, you know what would be cool? a camera with more than 6 megapixels     there's cell phones with more pixels than that! lol"
you only wish you could be a cowboy girl riding on a flying giraffe singing christmas songs 
shoulders  shoulders!      those arent her shoulders 
just dance? i jai ho'ed the mama!!!
staying up till about 7 surprise 0 a m  playing video games with friends? good times  waking up at noon and start playing more games? irony     
i've never believed in yogurt 
"i just discovered that elder <propfirst> robins of first quorom of the seventy is my third cousin  he makes me breakfast every family reunion! this also lead me to the discovery that i am related to geroge reynolds, who fought the first freedom of religion court case in the united states  i had no idea  smile "
what would sunday's be without vegietales or psych?
"sparknotes, thought <propmale> my hero!"
<propfemale> dobrowolski is my man woman floutist 
it sounds like pop rocks outside!
subway and or a blizzard day= success!!
"man, i'm just in one of those moods where i really miss the good ole' days down south      "
taking pictures and winning a free corsage and boutinere coupon for window box? prom fest was awesome!!!
"hey guys! show people opens tomorrow night!!! come see me serenade, on a boat!!!! that's right, i said it  its gunna be a way funny show guys, don't miss out!"
opening night!!! come see show people you guys!! from tights and tutu's to  hippies to cats!! and everything in between!!!! show people is a hilarious show! don't miss out on the fun!  wink 
"i had four biscuts, and i ate one  then i only have three   laugh "
show people tonight guys!! last week to see it! get your tickets soon! i'm not joking when i say they are going fast!! they probably will have to add an extra row or two again    obviously its a pretty good show  smile 
"if you guys havent gotten them by now, your probably out of luck guys!!! so few are left and just might be gone by tonight     last  <propmale>  guys! but you can always borrow the dvd     smile "
"lol so after the drowsy rehearsal this morning, i came home and i think i passed out     i just woke up like ten minutes ago with no recolection of anything but being half on the floor half on a couch    come see show people guys!!!!!!!!"
"a young boy in layton, <propmale> dobbs, was hit today by a car on his way home from school  he is on his way to primary childrens, and is in critical condition  please keep him and the dobbs in your prayers "
okay so even alaska is warmer than us today!!!
doritos commercials never disappoint    grandpa?!
whale's don't have horns or ears!      thats it's tail  smooth one @<propfemale> wendel
"last night was really awesome!!!! the pie and <propfemale> square then games at <propfemale>'s! thak you <propfemale> for coming, your amazing!  smile "
mission calls and mash ups   i love hangouts!
"we finished the mash up!!!! im also so excited for <propfirst> <propfirst> eisenbarth, or should i say elder eisenbarth, who will serve in birmingham, alabama!!! have fun learning spanish <propmale>!!!!"
"one day, i want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they'd notice "
"day activity was a total blast!!!! who owns at apples to apples?! thats right! me! who owns at imagineif??! thats right!     actually i dont know, i didnt pay attention     who owns at making pizza's?! that would be <propmale>  also, we all know to pick <propmale> because he's so easy  "
"sweethearts was basically amazing, and so is <propfemale> rust!!!! now i'm tired of all this resting, and want to do something!"
"you know those nights where when your driving home, and you just dont wanna stop? yeah, it's good thinking alone time  i think i might need to do it more often, but where will i find the gas money?!"
i am <propfemale> bernards official 1000th text messager! yeah!!
"8 bucks for dinner, where should i go?"
"everyone but me in my household is sick with like the flu or something    and with tonight being opening night for drowsy chaperone, what my biggest concern? that beacuse of the sick ones camping in the bathroom, how am i suppose to urinate?!"
to sum it up    standing ovation on opening night  so you guys might want to come see drowsy chaperone! dont miss out on it!!  smile 
thank you thank you thank you guys! thank you to all the people who voted for me!! also the people who have helped me so far!! i can't thank you guys enough!! dont forget to vote for me tomorrow at the assembly guys!!!
i am a really slow editor! haha
"california trip was basically amazing! the clinic was really fun and helpful! loved the beach! had some really great moments with really great friends, and i pretty much almost was in tears at world of color  i'm really happy that i at least made it home in time to watch the last session of conference, and watch my great uncle address the world! go elder <propfirst> robbins!!!!!"
"rest in peace <propfemale>  you were part of our family for eleven years, and wont soon be forgotten  many prayers of peace and god's love  we will all miss you  in better places and all  smile "
"alliances made, world conquered, mini key lime pies in the grill? in other words   i kinda actually like the game risk now    <propfemale> rodriguez <propfirst> franks <propfirst> sailsbery"
apparently now even nail polish comes in high definition!
i gots a reply  smile 
i guess i should probably put up my cali picks huh? hmm   
"you have the cool, clear, eyes of a seeker of wisdom and truth;\yet there's that upturned <propfemale> and that grin of impetuous youth \oh, i believe in you  i believe in you!"
after three total days of addiction    i completed doodlegod
it's to the point where even your brother comments on how tired you look     wow lol
congrats to all of those who made productions! next year is deifinately going to be a fun one for sure! i'm excited!
"so <propfirst> bieber got a hair cut, but i heard he lots all his fans  i guess they didn't make the cut  -<propfirst> flint"
prom pictures on their way! curse my want of high quality!
farewell to my close friend elder <propfirst> <propfirst> eisenbarth!!!! we are going to miss you so much!!! you are going to be an amazing missionary!!! good luck in alabama!!
