961f97f40db6cc630cf0366905447038
happy birthday to me!!! the big 20 lol
had fun with <propfirst> and <propfirst> at the black veil brides concert  she had fun and that's all that matters!!
feels like i been hit by a truck! uck! http annoyed  yearbook com a nj9o6?ref=nf
"my boss maybe having dashound-pug mix puppies they would be born between december 26 and january 1st and it will take 6-9 weeks before thay can be seperated from the mother,so if you or anyone is interested in maybe getting one just email me or leave me a message, i believe she may want to give them away  i will let you know more as soon as i can "
feels great! its a beautiful day and i'm so excited! ready for the weekend to get her    http annoyed  yearbook com a qvh8p?ref=nf
"seeing what kind of mischief i can get into, lol, momma always said trouble was my mi    http annoyed  yearbook com a r4er4?ref=nf"
going hunting tomorrow hope its not real cold or raining!! wish me luck!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a r6qc1?ref=nf
"seen 3 does and couldnt get a shot, sucks, but maybe this weekend will be better!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a rdp7w?ref=nf"
hanging out with the kids at work!!! got to love them!!!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a rohvw?ref=nf
seeing what kind of craziness i can get into with my girls!!! woooo-hooo!!!!!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a rtj9d?ref=nf
so bored and can't sleep  sad  http annoyed  yearbook com a rutxr?ref=nf
gonna try to get some sleep http annoyed  yearbook com a ruy9e?ref=nf
i think i want to get back into music!!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a rwy0x?ref=nf
if its going to snow it needs to hurry up!  smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a u7lxx?ref=nf
"bored, bored, bored!!!!! if it's gonna snow then it needs to hurry!!!!"
moved to a new place and i think we finally got it the way we want it  making the best of a bad situation 
"finally the weekend and have the house all to my self, just stinks because i can't get out with all this  snow on the road, oh well playing in it like a kid is just as fun!"
trying to get this wedding stuff together its just not working lol i have a headache 
"does anyone know a church me and <propfirst> could hold our actual wedding in saturday may 21, 2011?"
<propfirst> left for a house fire  sad  so now i'm kind of lonely and worried  sad 
"found out i have a step child today, the test came back positive "
"need a good place to rent that is pet friendly, "
it's friday! woo hoo! rest tomorrow for riding sunday  smile  yay!
"a woman must not be dependant on the protection of a man, a woman must be protective of herself  - <propfemale> b  <propfirst>"
