aecb0240477375423644df09a84a4a80
"so friday night my friend <propfemale> stopped to help a motorist that went off the road and was hit by a car and is now in a coma  her condition is pretty critical   but she's stable   so whatever y'all may believe in    gods, godesses, positive vibes, prayer, whatever     send some her way  her kids need their mama back  ? thanks guys"
update on <propfemale>      she was moved from st  <propfirst>'s to a select specialty hospital that deals directly with brain trauma  not too much progress     but her eyes are following the light now indicating she is seeing something     and when they moved her into a chair yesterday she opened her eyes    only for a second   but she's been trying for days now   thanks for all the prayers and healing vibes!! love you guys  love 
yay!!!! finally made it to another birthday     my birthday + fat tuesday = margarrrrritasssss  laugh  &hearts; thanks for all the birthday wishes!!
"\it's been too many nights of being with     to now be suddenly without\"" &hearts; ily"""
"do you want me to tell you something really subversive? love is everything it's cracked up to be  that's why people are so cynical about it  it really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for  ?"
quand il me prend dans <propmale> bras  il me parle tout bas  je vois la vie en <propfemale>
"\what is life? it is the flash of a firefly in the night  it is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime  it is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset \""  -crowfoot  love """
"heading to the woods and the lake for some quality relax time for the weekend     can't wait to set up camp, catch some fish     and return to nature &hearts; it's the makings of a good weekend    can't wait  laugh "
has gotten invitations to 5 weddings so far from now until october    looks like it may be a summer in ny after all     let's hope for the best &hearts;  congrats to all of you getting ready to be married     jocellyn       <propmale>    <propmale> (miss ya bro-cuz)     <propfemale>    <propfemale> and <propmale>      i wish you all the best in the world &hearts;
"frazzled trying to figure out school    this summer      life       heading home to a welcoming kitty-cat, a warm shower, and a nice long nap     let's curb this migraine before it really kicks in   love  ily"
"wakan tanka,                    teach me how to trust                     my heart,                     my mind,                     my intuition,                     my inner knowing,                     the senses of my body,                     the blessings of my spirit "
"\ eighty five years ago     the ghost dancers thought that by dancing they could change the earth  we dance to change ourselves     only when we have done this can we try to save the earth \"" - crow dog"""
gearing up for tonight   got a playdate w  megs   gruesome twosome tour at the shrine      <propfemale> cooper opening for <propmale> zombie     this is going to be flippin intense!!! only one thing could make tonight even better     i miss you      soooo sooooon darlin' ily  love 
sooo happy pops got to meet some of the vanselow clan       just gotta get 'em both up  in them there mountains this summer for a few  love  see y'all soon!!
cooper zombie concert friday was spectacular    what a show    pics will be up soon!!!  laugh 
one more final to go      primates     here i come  laugh 
one    more     assignment to go     paper on subsistence strategies of rainforest hunters and gatherers     let's get this damn thing done so i can breathe for a few  love 
figuring out the details      it wont be long now  laugh   love 
"is getting antsy    and excited    and hysterical making sure everything's taken care of      \\i'm in a new york state of mind\""  laugh   love """
outside cleaveland and on my way home to the mountains  love  could this road trip get any better?  laugh 
is seriously thinking about dancing in the rain     ahhhhhhhh it's the little things in life that makes it so grand  love 
whoooo hooo <propfirst> now has a local cell #    hit me up if you want it!!!  love 
had an amazing time at solstice    thanks to everyone that made this weekend so much fun!!
"had an amazing day showing jer around montour falls, watkins <propmale>, and some of my favorite wineries on seneca lake!!! a great start to our little side vacation in my home turf!!! &hearts; pics will be up as soon as facebook is willing to cooperate  playful "
waiting for dad and jer to finish up on the car    then heading south to my haven in <propfemale>      6 untouched acres of brilliance     ahhh how much better could it get???  love 
back from an amazing stay at the south six     two days of great homecooked camp food      and to end it off a day in ithaca     tonight it's to introduce jer to the fam and see my little ones kenidi and xander      then it's back to the mountains for <propfirst>'s birthday tomorrow!!! this summer has been the best one yet    thanks to all that have played a part in it!!! love you guys &hearts;
getting around to head back north to the mountain fam  love  it's been a great visit down here especially seeing my little ones    but i'm ready to get back to the place and people i've grown to love  love 
"nothing like the sound of fireworks echoing off the mountains      good friends, good music, good times      how could you not love life??  love "
is soooooooo not looking forward to booking a ticket to leave the mountains     thank you to all of you who have made this feel like home and me feel at ease     i appreciate and love each and every person who has held a place in my life here in the 'dacks      let's make the rest of july just as amazing as the past few months have been    shall we?? &hearts;
"have you ever wandered lonely through the woods?\and everything there feels just as it should\you're part of the life there\you're part of something good\if you've ever wandered lonely through the woods &hearts;"
"finally getting around to watching \once\""     it's beyond great so far  love """
ok    once   is my new   favorite film    how could i have put this off so long???  love 
best   summer     ever  love 
"yay    not only is today big hill     but mom and dad are heading up to visit for a week!!! let's show them a grand time up here in the north country, eh???  love "
mom and dad are settled in down to <propfemale> lake      had a blast at the big hill inukshuk    thanks for a hell of a time!!! now its off to sleep for an up and early morning breakfast w  the parents    thanks for making this summer so great everyone!!  love 
"took jer yesterday on his first geocache w  the 'rents       stopped to see <propfemale> at <propfemale>'s    visited big rock    laugh fest at camp   now this morning it's to breakfast, and lake <propfirst> for (hopefully) a little stroll down the strip and some pirate's cove mini golf without getting completely drenched!!!!  smile  \theoretically it's partly <propfemale> in lake <propfirst>\""  love  thanks for the optimism jer lol ily  love """
had a fantastic time at the cookout of the vanselow lewis clans yesterday    sooooo happy everyone could make it   thanks for everything!!!  love  easy day today    tomorrow breakfast and who knows what else    heading back to camp in a few for some country ribs and uncle <propmale>'s wine from rhasta ranch mmmmmmmmmm
off to take jerbear out for a birthday dinner    followed by a drink or two    and hanging with good friends for a night  love  how could it get much better than this *sigh*
now for the bittersweet time of the summer the last day before i take that silver bird back to the midwest      i get to see my <propfemale> cat again    i miss him     but i have to leave the people i've come to know as family behind    as well as the mountains i've grown to call home    
having a hell of a time dealing with being disconnected with everyone that means the most in my life right now     finally got to the library    sorry guys     my heads in a whirl and im stressed to the <propmale>      ahhhhhhhh how i long for the loving calm the mountains bring  love 
"updates: my school schedule has changed yet again,as well as my minor,first day yesterday along w  dad's 56 birthday,officially broke now fishin was fun sunday,threw a few little perch and itty bitty catfish back to grow up and be something someday but took home half a dozen good size perch, a nice white bass, and a 2-2 5 lb catfish, all caught by yours truely  i love fishing!! so whose comin for a fish fry???  love "
"\ a nation is not lost as long as the hearts of it's women are not on the ground \""  love """
on the lake all weekend     caught a few fish and the guys swear they caught a lobster (me)      sunburn ouch!!! 2 weeks into semester    some of my books still aren't here so im already behind in reading     3 papers and about 1000 pages of reading (no joke) to do to get ahead of the game     i feel some all-nighters coming on       can't lose focus now    i think i can i think i can  annoyed 
is having a hard time getting thru this week   and will have an even harder time this weekend    not to add swamped with tons of work      damn this sucks  annoyed 
in one weekend missed the wedding of two amazing people    and the 6th birthday of my little girl kenidi       can't wait to graduate already    i'm missing too much important stuff    congrats and i love you guys!!  love 
"sorry if i havent been in touch lately     tons of school work    plus volunteer work   plus odd jobs     and taking <propfemale>'s kids out for halloween = <propfirst>'s a busy, spatic person  sad "
sad story: greene county has never had a primary in which over 50% of the registered voters have voted    come oooooooon springfield    we can do better than that  annoyed 
got logged on to find messages from 2 people i absolutely adore     love and miss you guys    can't wait to come home  love 
has been wondering how one of my professors could keep cancelling class and get away with it    we sure as hell wouldn't pass the class if we missed so many days    and then i get a call from the university cancelling class yesterday   
"is thinking no wonder she got hammered after only a couple drinks    just researched those scrumptious cookie monster shots and found out      2 shot everclear+ one shot blue maui + pineapple juice     note to self laugh ont ask nice bartender men working for tips and trying to sell you more booze whats good, cheap, and will get you hammered  love  oh <propfemale> what a hoot!"
kinda bummed about some stuff but really excited since i just found out i'll be meeting at least one of my host families this weekend at the powwow im helping run  love 
"7th annual msu native american heritage month powwow will showcase two days of native american dancing and singing, including dance contests  member of several native american nations including pawnee, choctaw, sac and fox, lakota, kiowa, comanche, cherokee, yakama, and others will be in attendance this year "
some powwow pics are up    video will be along soon!  love 
"powwow was a success!!! collected a ton of food this year    every tribe got sent home with at least 3 boxes packed of food for their families who are in need   tons of coats, blankets and bedding were donated to pine ridge reservation   even though it was donation at the door we collected a few hundred dollars there    at least a hundred during the potlatch dance   "
"not only will i be thoroughly enjoying my stay at the res and spending time w  my \adoptive\"" families    but i've decided  to adopt a little girl for the holidays    her name's <propfemale>   she's 8    and her family cant afford anything this season cant offer much   but the way i see it   there's always someone worse off than i am   so join me and do your part this winter season    we can make a difference    love """
"half done w  my tour of tribes in oklahoma    met some absolutely beautiful and loving osage, apache, kiowa and cherokee people    off the res' now        at the casino hotel now    examining the effects of tribal casinos in the life of the quapaw, wyandotte, and seneca-cayuga  having a hell of a time    but i miss you all!!!! i love you guys  love "
"reading \open veins of latin america: five centuries of the pillage of a continent\"" by <propmale> galeano     and some of the passages just radiate thru me    \",aecb0240477375423644df09a84a4a80,"had a hell of a laugh today     when in the middle of environmental archaeology and a lecture on oxygen levels in water basins dr  byers states \the only thing that can live in 18-o <propmale> levels are seamonkeys    do yall know sea monkeys??? maybe its a generational thing     although   y'know       semen+sea-people= sea-ciety\""  love  ahhhh gotta love a good south park reference to break up a dry lecture  laugh """
snow day     which is fun and all   but bumps me to two tests thursday instead of one today and one thurs     but i guess i have time to study more    although     about 4 inches out there now    another 14 to go    i think i can find the time to go play in the snow    maybe make some anatomically correct snowman      because     well they remind me of home  love    playful 
another day off     about ohhh 14 inches out there       negative teen windchills      and it's still coming down     looks like tomorrows temps are even lower     maybe 3 days off??? o o at least there's a full pot of chili just a bubblin'     i could stay hunkered down til spring!!! so much for that furry little rodent     
"so the newest edition to the kolmel clan has arrived!!! my cousin <propmale> and <propfemale> just had a little boy  kenidi now has a new little half brother, bentley     another little one to spoil!!!! hoooray!!!!!  love "
"\bentley raegon kolmel arrived this morning at 10:50am weighing in at 6lbs11oz and 20 5 inches long with a head full of blonde hair! ?\"" \",aecb0240477375423644df09a84a4a80,oh man     just found out i have tomorrow off too     3 snow days in a row     i haven't had this happen since the crazy ny snowstorms when i was little!!!! crazy low temps tomorrow    in the neg  20-30's w  the windchill    brrrrr
<propmale> marley birthday bashes tonight and tomorrow???? lots of great music and good people??? oh   i most definitely think so  laugh  back to the grind today     then tonight    its out for some much needed fun!!   love 
"secured a safe ride for tonight     getting around    grabin a bite    then a funfilled celebration with homegrown missouri  like t u g g , the seed, <propfirst> kamm and the one drops, and <propmale> heinrichs (formerly singer of jah roots)     all of these guys know how to bring down the house     so i cant wait!!  love "
now it's to cook breakfast for a house full of hippy folk     recover a bit   then off to another marley birthday bash tonight!!!! whoooooooooooooooo
has had an amaaaazing weekend     haven't had that good of a time since last summer  love  hooray for a recovery day
"dear mother nature, \although i appreciate your attempts at making me feel less homesick by honoring us last week with 18in of snow, i do believe the 5-10\ scheduled to fall today is getting to be a bit much  i'd like you to consider that i have to travel for class and that many professors couldn't give a shit """
thinks she's losing it     definitely hears the underpants gnomes song playing in the library    but where is it coming from o o
"lonely hearts club dinner at our place     whether you're single   or just away from your loved one tonight  love      steak, scallops, wild rice and salad    bring something to share or just stop in to keep us company!!!"
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes    i miss you all <propfemale> much and hope to see you again <propfemale>n!!!!  love 
friends in from out of town    getting the birthday wok cleaned and seasoned     prepping veggies for the steamer    orange chicken  love  our recipe    beef and broc     crab ragoons love  jer's recipe    fried rice      its going to be a chinese feast at our place    come on by    and bring some sake or plum wine   have one bottle   but we all know how long that will last  wink 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit's sake time!!!!!!!!!
\wakan tanka, \5c10bb076ced7976d6de7becb4cb3ed1,6 hr  drive from il  to oh with fighting kids really sucks!!!
