7fe79116e1554b2f90e8417230c70b0d
is still trying to figure out this interface 
can't afford a new drum <propfemale>  -_-
is shooting zombies and filling out job apps 
is all set up for the semester 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"is driving himself insane and is going on a long walk to clear his mind  if anyone feels like calling or texting, by all means go ahead "
back for a bit 
going for another long walk if anyone feels like coming along 
"no takers? alright then, i'm out "
sigh 
"is really, really, really sick of himself "
"we start up this fire, with hope and <propfemale>, that someone will wake tonight  we start up this fire even though we are tired, someone must wake up tonight "
well new year's is going to suck 
is bleeding profusely and going for a walk  yes at 4 am 
"college in 3 days, yay"
"\and how does that work?? -- you're a bicycle!\"""""
long day   
"\you should have seen   the curse that flew right by you   <propfemale> of concrete   sting walks crutch hobbled and sway   auto de fé   a capillary hint of red   only this manupod   crescent in shape has escaped \"""""
"\i will give your heart a place to rest when everything you had has turned and left \"""""
"so, who wants to go to ny for a concert at the end of march?  smile "
i'm finally in a place where i should be happy  and i'm more miserable than ever  damnit 
might have broke his foot and toe today  in seperate accidents 
"la dispute, march 5th, who's going?"
did the applebarn re-open   ?
"the one thing i want most in life is a text message  yes - a text message  and the one i'm looking for, i'll probably never get "
"\i have the greatest faith in fools   turned my back and   out came the wolves\"""""
"\and the day begins to break   like the tears that run across your cheek   stand straight and imagine you then   in things and the way they could have been   when the thoughts they race across your <propfemale>   here in the neverend\"""""
so   
"\so wait up   i'm not sleeping along again tonight   there's so much to dream about   there must be more to life\"""""
why did i wait so long to write this damn essay?
"\when it's time to get in to bed with a head full of dreams   pocket full of loose change ripping at the seams   hard to keep moving with a head full of steam   hard to gain perspective when your eyes won't close\"""""
had the most horrifying dream of all time last night   
"i'd post my urban definitions    but you know, family on fb "
"\look at how they flock to him   from an isle of open sores   he knows that the taste is such   is such to die for   and i hear him every night   on every street   the scales that do slither   deliver me from   \"""""
"getting ready for a clean install    goodbye vista, hello 7 "
that was    painless 
"got kicked out of a resturaunt this morning, lol "
"woohoo, my life is pathetic right about now "
"\pray for the broken\"""""
"\this season's growing cold   i fear this might be the end   and there's not sign of hope   we've got a crisis on our hands!\"""""
"or, you know, not "
"sigh, wish i could quit "
spaghettification    epic 
2 days until i get to be radioactive    at 5:45 in the morning    woo 
<propfirst>'s day    how depressing 
<propfirst> portnoy is going to be avenged sevenfold's studio drummer  crazy stuff 
is content 
"\one nine seven seven! one nine seven seven!\"""""
going to be an uncle soon    kind of weird 
leaving for wisconsin  peace 
"in wisconsin, keeping my nephew entertained for bit   smile "
got home a little bit ago    so tired 
portal 2!  laugh 
"finally rested up  14 hours of beautiful sleep  no dreams to make me feel bad, no interruptions  14 hours of blissful oblivion "
"had a bhut jolokai pepper    my advice, never have one  ever  i thought habaneros were bad   "
wouldn't it be nice to be an emotionless robot? i think so 
what a waste of good weather 
"ah, dr  horrible, you always cheer me up "
so what is it about me that makes people stop wanting to even talk to me? i'm really curious 
"i'm so pissed right now, the andrenaline is amazing "
you know what? fuck this shit  i'm done updating this thing  regret making it in the first place 
"last facebook post, tired of it, kind of wish i hadn't made it  peace people "
misunderstandings really suck  especially if it happens on both sides  guess i'm posting on here again 
the neon in my computer broke  so sad  sad  
well  today has completely blown hardfuckingcore 
apparently my battlenet account got hacked   
luckily i know how to counter-hack!  laugh 
in desperate need of adventure   
power is out    bleh 
damn    i forgot my flashdrive at home 
so     
shit    so    who's up for going to boston?
"writing my solution paper, yay "
yobr songs on rb tomorrow     exciting!
i'm amazed i didn't get a bruise from that cue stick   
"editing my solution paper, yay "
"last day of class, woo "
monster <propmale> tri = amazing 
stupid reflection essay   
my endeavors just to get a cup of coffee tonight were ridiculous 
"\each night i wish to god he'd let her rest  this hurts me more than any man could bare  she's my angel from the west  there will never be one to take her place \"""""
had an amazing exit interview with my cls teacher 
"made my famous pancakes, along with banana bread, coffee and eggs for breakfast    good start to the day  off to my final exam for math "
"\i'm on a boat\"" was playing in my head for my whole math exam   """
so    still haven't even started this essay   
"there, essay is done with plenty of time to spare!  smile "
"and    that's that  feels great to be finished  summer is here, three cheers to the easy life!"
"it's official, 4 0 baby  smile "
new season of futurama? holy crap!
i hate having to hurt someone just to make their life easier 
"i walk so freely among the damned,\at time it seems we're hand in hand "
today was pretty boring    mom didn't want to do anything   
what to do    what to do   
i'm the patron saint of putting it all on black when it always comes up red 
wow    itunes customer suppost is horrid 
"if you ever drop your keys into a pool of lava, forget about them, 'cause, \man, they're gone   "
made my 5 cheese macaroni tonight    mmm mmm mmm 
"quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur "
nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool   
"a committee is a group of the unwilling, chosen from the unfit, \to do the unnecessary "
"what's with all these <propfemale> gaming comps being made?    they overheat like crazy, waste of money "
nice weather today  smile 
14 days 'til atlantic city! going to be epic   
i'm in a really good mood    and cannot sleep  it's interesting 
"oh, sunburn, how i have not missed your presence "
12 days and 600 <propmale>   
"beautiful day    windows and doors open, time for some spring cleaning while i'm inspired "
"had a good day  got lots of cleaning done, decent walk, and a couple of great books to break the monotony of the trips i'll be taking soon "
"went to the beach today, fun times  fenced off the dunes though   "
"did you ever really think that you'd e playful ose the truth that pains the <propfemale>? and in their asking, did you see their lie, the motive true and <propmale> side? four in the morning, should they wake up? or see them precious in this sleep? every step should break the same with every move and every need "
"hehe, shabutie  jersey bound, when sound asleep they'll find you at your most vulnerable  pole position - speak up, let out  when down the street the corner boys fuck shit up "
"jersey bound baby, be back monday-ish "
"home  the concert was amazing, crowd had so much energy  i was in the middle of it all for most of the time, and got to clasp <propmale>'s hand after crowd-surfing  smile   also, pennsylvania is such a gorgeous state to drive through    i'll have to take a trip there sometime "
bored    confused    going to find something to do i guess 
i have a feeling tomorrow is going to be another long day 
a very eventful week    a very eventful week indeed 
"\did you see him walk out the door? it was like he was married to <propfemale>    but having an affair with legendary \"" - ntc"""
"yaaaaaaay, parking ticket  $100? no problem   "
mmm    chocolate marshmallow milkshakes 
saw that one coming from a mile away  fml 
e3 started    rockband 3 already announced  new mgs looks good  fallout: new vegas has me panting  gears 3 looks pretty slick  new game from the guys who did bioshock  tons of stuffs already 
need to find ways to keep myself occupied 
going for a walk 
slowly going insane   
made the <propfirst>'s list    brightened up my day a bit 
there it went 
i want to rip out my brain and re-hardwire it  god it would be nice to change 
so    yeah  coheed's coming to grand rapids now  see them twice in one year? i think so 
"really? of all the bottles that could have fallen, it was that one? dammit "
\last of all húrin stood alone  then he cast aside his shield, and \7fe79116e1554b2f90e8417230c70b0d,"i'll sit upon your gravestone as the demon laughs at the ghost you have become  death suits you well, as your legacy will be none "
why disturbed   ? why? a song on global warming   ? really?
nooooooo! don't americanize doctor who! it won't end well!
not  happy  at  all 
"i hurt someone, so bad  i will never let myself forget "
"had a good birthday yesterday  smile  \\also    r i p  <propmale> pekar "
"season 4 of the guild today, yay!"
yltfos os kaeps
mmmmmmm eel 
"\the young stale memories of; play the role to your part  librarian find me the pole; the one that kicks your head in  to my own time; roll your innocence by  grab on to my sleeve    the one that grabs at your ankle!\"" - time consumer"""
"when i'm near you i don't speak  i barely look, i'm afraid you'll see in my face "
"i've come to a huge fork in my life, and now i see it revealed    i hope i make the right choice and am strong enough to move forward with it "
just saw the biggest spider i've ever seen in my life crawling on my bed  needless to say it is extremely dead at this point 
going out on a date   smile 
date last night went extremely well 
3 days to coheed   
mmm job training 
easily the best concert i've ever seen last night  so much energy from the crowd  got signatures and got to hug <propmale>   smile 
it is sad when you rely on an illusion you have thrust upon yourself to function  it is even sadder when you have to crawl and claw your way back up to reality after that illusion has been shattered 
"if i wanted your two cents, i'd <propmale> you "
smells like fall   smile 
interesting day  short version: turkish coffee is legit and filling out 30 pages of tax forms suuuuucks 
grcc really needs another parking ramp   
portal 2 has c surprise p?! that's sick!
first paycheck of a new job    ahh the joy 
"here we are; the wicked  we, the cursed\and damned you spit upon  bitter irony sets in, as you realize we are\going to save you  wipe the pity and hatred from your eyes, we have no use for\it "
"i love this job, such a thrill when the students finally understand something i'm helping them with "
there's a dr  horrible comic series? must    purchase    
it's amazing to say everything is good 
i think i'm in love    my new monitor is sick 
6 hours to go today    crap 
"my face hurts  this weekend sure has been    eventful, if not terrible "
huh  turns out i'm color blind 
"oh    it's 9:40    oh, shit! it's 9:40!"
wtb artist   
"a lava red glow emerged from the\keyboard and a greenish-blue sepia-hue infected everything; and so it began "
"married to <propfemale>, having an affair with legendary "
hmmm  what to do to keep from getting bored   
"new phone, same number  feel free to call   text so i can get your number in \\also, was reminded of my favorite word today: phantaaaaasmagooooria!!"
"snow, and me without my jacket for once, woo "
"all the crazy shit i did tonight, those will be the best memories  i \just want to let it go for the night, that will be the best therapy for \me "
man  i am such an idiot  again    and again    and again 
discussing bottleneck genetic drift and all i can think about is jedi    wow i'm a nerd 
"tg break starting     now, yay!"
i shawtrcwbky 
"the silence crept over us, as we spoke of mercy and love  the cold that blanketed us was enough to make someone ache to the bone, yet, we didn't notice it a bit in the face of our revelations  all we were, and all we would ever be, was laid out on the stone between us  in that shared instant, we knew things would never be the same "
"look in the flames, the ashes have names "
huh  my privacy settings were all crazy    thanks fb 
"i am the maniac, i am the fool  i found a monster in me when i lost my cool  it lives inside of me, eating what's in it's way "
elder scrolls v: skyrim  yeeeeeeesssssss 
i had a dream last night that i was in a zombie apocalypse    and liam neeson was my zombie killing partner  best dream ever 
"why did the zodiac even change? it's been established for a long time that stars change position in the sky  it's still wrong, it's whatever constellation you were born under in the year you were born, not what it is now    whatever "
their redoing the thundercats huh? i'm curious to see how it is 
snow day ftftw 
"i am weary of days and hours, blown buds and barren flowers, desires and dreams and powers, and everything but sleep "
c'est la vie
they're getting rid of  com and  net domain names? wtf    what a bunch of unneeded frilly stupidity 
spring break baby 
"just because you're breathing, doesn't mean you're alive "
earthquakes galore   
"inaccurate and imprecise, there is no gift without a price  i'm so mistaken, lost my direction "
"haunting us, these different meanings and spectral beings  we're fighting sleep with broken, rusted weaponry  sing so softly and low, like you want me to hear "
"the kids are alive and kicking, running for their lives  we've just been getting by on stupidly good looks and spending time spitting out these stupidly good hooks "
"give us something to take home, a last line to sing  'cause these half empty glasses, with stress cracks and fractures, can only grow so weak before they break, and spill out a dead language that we've forgotten how to speak "
