7ffd332014e85b80ac56d745294872d5
hangin out with <propfemale> and ari   arir party is tomorrow   fun fun   every one should comment my new pics!!!!!
going swimming with <propfirst> and <propfemale> soon fun fun!!!!!!!!!!!
chillin with franns
hangin out with ari
im sooooooo bored!!!
hangin out with <propfemale>!!!  smile 
hangin out with <propfemale>!!  smile 
at leslies house with ari <propfemale> bored because they just went to bed and im not tired
the orientation at school today was stupid!!!!!!!!!! and boreing!!!!!
"i cant wait till friday,,,im so excited!!!!!!!!"
i cant wait till friday   my b-day party   leslie and ari are comeing over and may be shianna!!!!!
hangin out with <propfirst>!!!
going swimming soon with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale>
bored     going homecomeing dress shopping soon    
really wanna talk to him!!!
im really confused!!! :[[
i need to talk to him right now!!! :[[
goin to the football game soon   whel kinda l8ter comment if you are goin   
sick of some ppls shit this is retarted
put new pis on comment please    im so bored
bored   lol   
is any one going to the halloween dance?
happy thanksgiving
i dont feel so good
comment my new pics
taking a shower            then going to bed        cant wait till tuesday    
happy new year!!!!!  laugh 
chillin nd bored  annoyed  ughh i don't feel good!  annoyed 
<propfemale> my uncle told me he was going to crank the heat up    and he turned it up to 70  since when it 70 cranking the heat up??? lol he's funny  smile 
getting braces off in 3 weeks    they were supposed to come off yestudray bit oh whel
act your age not your shoue size   you know who you are!
bored   wondering   
ppl are immature and i'm getting so sick of it
getting braces off next tuesday  smile 
thursday   i wish it was friday but oh whel  wink 
went home early     had a really bad migrane 
getting braces off tomorrow   i'm excited!
got braces off yesturday     it feels so weird 
homework  annoyed  blahhh
going ou to dinner sooon with aunt <propfirst> uncle <propmale> and hunter    then gonna go see ava    then ice-crem     then who knows what  smile 
just woke up   still tired but oh whel   
just made cheese cake     it's gonna be yummy  smile 
good day    found out i'm going to florida for a few weeks after school gets out     i'm so excited!
kinda regreting something at the momient  annoyed 
sometimes i wish i had never met you because i could go to sleep at night now knowing there was a guy like you out there
going to bed     i'm so tired!  annoyed 
had a shitty day   going to bed now   annoyed 
had a great weekend  wink 
uggg very hot day    goin to bed now    beach tomorrow with <propfirst> possibly but idk yet
a little confused   
i'm so glad it's friday it's going to be a great weekend  wink 
chillin with my best friend   had a great day
airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars i could really use a wish right now  
last week of school  smile 
sick of her i want to leave
got one of my best friends back today but at the same time i feel like in looseing the other one  annoyed 
last day of school finally!  laugh 
just went swimming   exausted!
i hate it when creepey ppl i don't know start talking to me on fb and won't leave me alone!
haveing faith makes everything possible but haveing love makes everything easy  love 
chillin with shianna <propfirst> and quinten  smile 
just woke up  prolly going down town with shianna today   smile 
just got home from sams house     gettin in the shower
watchin futurama    gettin tired    might go to bed soon 
obsession at the moment   you  love   wink 
ughhh i don't feel good!  annoyed 
missing him sooooo much  crying 
"like my staus and i will tell you what i like, dislike, confession, and first impression about you  laugh "
"play\ the color game  copy this into your status and see what people rate \you \ *red= ilove you \ *pink = your cute\ *green= your funny\ *orange =i \like you\ *white = i used to like you\ *yellow =your amazing\ *black =i \hate you\ *blue = friends forever \ *purple= i dont know you that well\ *grey = friend see more"
bored    nothing to do    annoyed 
i hate it when people come sit next to me and chew loudly in my ear!!!  annoyed 
watching the time travelers wife 
going to bed   im tired 
seen dispicable me today   smile 
thunderstorm    i'm scared!  crying 
2 boreing days in a row   hope tomorrow is better  annoyed 
got two friends back in one day  smile 
i'm so done right now  crying 
could really use a hug right now  crying 
3:20 a m        can't sleep  crying 
chillin with shianna watching tv and stuff   
really bored   
going to bed soon   michigans adventure tomorrow  smile    i'm sooo excited!!!
somethings wrong with my ipod    im freaking out  crying 
i miss my little brother  sad 
dyeing my hair tomorrow  smile   cant wait  smile 
i hate my allergys  annoyed 
uggg i can't sleep  annoyed 
drama   it's sooo funny!  smile  hahahaha
tomorrows my birthday  smile  where should i go for dinner?
its my birthday day!!!!  laugh 
on the phone with <propfirst> turman!!!  laugh 
just woke up   thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
im finding happy birthday notes all over my house!  smile 
"i had a wonderful birthday today!  smile  i got a pericure, and went out to dinner at boones!  smile  i want to say a special thanks to my aunt <propfirst> and uncle <propmale> for everything and makeing my birthday much more enjoyable!  smile  love you guys!"
getting ready then going to orientation!  smile       ughh orientation means school starts sooner and sooner every day  annoyed 
"went to orientation and got my scedule i have \1  geometry a   with brege\2 seminar   with kolody\3 english language arts 10-b   with hendrix\4 accounting 1   with harvey\5 american sign language 1-a   with biggar\6 <propmale> 1-a   with visser\probaly going to switch out of accounting, and <propmale> though "
first day at work tomorrow   kinda nervous  annoyed 
went out to dinner with my dad tonight  smile 
i can officially say that i've be stalked!!!! wow i hate stupid bitches!!!!
2 more days untill school starts   ehhh not so excited!  annoyed 
gettin ready   then work at 5 smile 0  smile 
just got home from work  laugh 
last day of summer  crying 
going to bed soon   school tomorrow   why does it have to come so early in the morning?   lol i'm going to miss sleeping in  annoyed 
first day of school   then work after  smile 
good first day of school   who has second lunch?  laugh 
going to bed soon 
monday morning    i hate mondays!
i swiched my scedule around today and now i have 1st lunch  with alot of the stupid freshman  this sucks!
shianna mead is over  smile  going to the homecomeing dance later  prolly not going to the game tho   smile 
homecomeing!  smile  leaving in a little while  hope its fun!
new phone  laugh  messgae me for the number  smile 
school     ugh boreing!
got a new phone yesturday   messgae me if you want the number   smile 
school tomorrow   then after wards getting my hair highlighted   smile  cant wait 
getting picked up soon so i can go hunting   laugh  im excited   smile 
out hunting   im freezing!
starting drivers training tomorrow  im <propfemale> excited   smile 
school 8-3 work 3 smile 0-6 drivers traing 6 smile 0-8 smile 0 wow todays gonna be a busy day  smile 
wow its so funny how you say you love me but then you cant do a damn thing for me  wow yolu really piss me off! > sad 
text me  laugh 
im already gone     annoyed 
someone should text me  laugh  message and ask for the number  smile 
last day of drivers training finally! lol im so sick of peoples drama is sooooooooooooo annoying and i always some how get dragged into it   annoyed 
hanging out with <propfirst> after work and going to a corn maze  havent seen her in forever im soooo excited!  smile 
gosh dad  thanx for comeing to parent teacher confrences   not! i wish you knew little things like that do  mean some thing to me!  sad 
football game and <propfemale>'s house tonight  smile 
go central!!!  laugh 
2 fire drills in a row? wtf!!!
chillin at shiannas house  smile  gonna go to a halloween party tomorrow and trick or traeting on sunday  laugh 
happy halloween!  laugh  chillin at shiannas with her and seri  goin trick or treating later!  smile 
bout to go trick or treating with seri and shianna  laugh  happy halloween everyone  smile 
dont feel good and freezing    humm im gonna take a hot candle lit bath and drink some hot chocolate  laugh  text me
my boss makes yummmmmy cookies  laugh 
why did the stupid snow have to come? > indecision  gurrrr
gotta work today noon-6
why does my bed suddenly get really comoftable when the alarm does off?  annoyed 
just not haveing the best day  annoyed 
you make me smile especially when im haveing a bad day  smile 
just woke up  not feeling the best but still gonna go to school  then work after school till 5 smile 0  then little cousin avas first birthday party!  laugh 
"\well i'll be a monkeys uncle\"" -aunt <propfirst> \",7ffd332014e85b80ac56d745294872d5,think i have the flu   i feel absolutely horrible!  crying 
i wish i couldve been hunting today!  annoyed 
things are gonna start changeing  its been such a great day!  laugh 
everyone has pictures up of the deer their getting and i dont cuz i dont get to go hunting till this weekend   sad  stupid school i wish i would just go away! > indecision 
got about a half hour left of work then gonna go hunting with my dad tomorrow morning   smile  cant wait!  laugh 
just got chineese food   sometimes the asian people here scare me  annoyed 
woww family reunion things are fun when you hardly know any one   not!  annoyed 
whel im up   bout to go hunting!  smile  wish me luck!
at school   ughhh im soooo tired i just wanna go back to bed!  annoyed 
its snowing! > annoyed  wtf?
my thanksgiving is prolly gonna suck tomorrow!  annoyed 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!  smile 
black friday shoppinggggg tomorrow!!!!!!  laugh  can't wait!!  smile 
black friday shopping=crazy!!! lmfao  smile 
woww! i just love it when my mother forgets to pick me up from work and im standing out in the freezing cold! not!  annoyed 
on my way to school  got my hair done yesturday and its super blonde  smile  i love it!  laugh 
hey this is shianna emailiahs bestiest friennnnnnd  playful  she loves me   laugh    love 
i wanna get chocolate wasted!!  smile  lol
sittin here next to shianna bored  annoyed  and my hands are so cold so im wearin gloves haha  smile 
one more exam to go and im done  smile  yay! then work after 
chillin with <propfirst>  smile 
someone should text me 231 709 5760  smile 
its a winter wonderland out there  lol  smile 
it shoulda been a snow day! damn it!  sad 
im not gonna play ur little games any more   heart-broken 
message me a number and ill tell you what i think of you   smile 
"#18, i dont really know you that well but id like to get to know you   smile "
"#88 ur a pretty cool guy, and fun to talk to "
#14 you my world and mean alot to me  your always there for me especially when i need you the most  i love you alot   smile 
send me some <propfirst> in my inbox and i will tell you what i really think of you   smile 
#23 we were pretty good friends last year and i think ur a sweetheart   we should for sure <propfemale> out soon   smile  sometime soon 
#8 ur for sure my bestie  ive had so many good times and nothing but good memories with you  your absolutely a sweetheart  i love you!  smile 
#11 ur a wonderful friend and always seem to be there for me no matter what  weve had our bad times and for sure our good  i just wish we could <propfemale> out more than we do   smile  love ya
keep the <propfirst> comein!  laugh 
#7 u seem really cool  smile  but you never text me any more  sad 
#13 i dont know you very well but i rember when we rode the bus together like forever ago  you seem really cool and i think we should <propfemale> out   smile 
school     cant we just have a snow day? is that to much to ask for?  sad  grrrr
watching frosty the snowman  smile  lol lat it snow!!! haha maybe we will acctually get a snowday on monday  smile 
just put a sweater and socks on my puppy so he dosent get cold  smile  lol
watchin the grinch and eating a <propfemale> cane  smile 
ok so i just went to ask my mom a guestion and she flipped out for no reason  wowww love it when that happens    not!  annoyed 
gotta work today ughhh wish i could sleep longer   annoyed 
today was fun couldve been better if i didnt have to see a few people that i hate being around   annoyed 
not going to school today i feel like crap and i can hardly talk  sad 
cant sleep  annoyed  not feeling so well 
home sick again  ughhhhh i feel like crap   sad 
i just love how im no longer invited to do family activitys with my dad anymore   sad 
caughing uncontrolably sucks when all you want to do is go to sleep  annoyed  stupid cold!
christmas <propfemale>  smile 
ughhhhhh just got home  cant stand a few select people   annoyed 
playin black ops with my brother  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!!! hope everyones haveing a good one!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas!!! lol i love christmas  laugh 
family christmas party soon  smile 
my phone randomly started going off and woke me up and now i cant get back to sleep  ughh!  annoyed 
slept in till noon  smile  gosh i miss doing that almost everyday during the summer   sad 
my aunt just told me to go look for ice cream in the bathroom   ummmm i don't think it would stay very cold in there  lol so funny   smile 
got my mommy chocolates and a card for her birthday  happy birthday mom!!  smile 
text <propfemale>!! im superrrrr bored!! i dont care who 
"time for bed, long day   "
its like you dont even care any more  heart-broken 
"at urgent care, the school sent me home because they thought i have pink eye  hopefully its not tho   annoyed "
mean girls 2 is on and my mom wants to watch some of the state of the union adress   lameeeeeeeee  annoyed 
havein a pretty good day so far  smile 
im done with all the liars     
i like bubbles  smile  haha
ughhhh monday mornings suck! im sooooooo tired!  annoyed 
i hate my afternoon bus sooooooo much!!!! > annoyed 
just watched the cragslist killer its soooooo sad at the end by scary douring to rest   annoyed 
ughhhh my mother acts like a 2 year old! it pisses me off! i wish i didnt have to live with her!  annoyed 
got a snow day and the day off from work yayy!  laugh 
"deleted all your pictures, forget you, feels great not to even think about you  smile "
is any one able to give me and shianna a ride to the mall? we are soooo boreddd!!
"home now, had a fun time at the mall with shianna  smile "
i cant wait till all these annoying children leave my house!!! ughhhhhh
go packers!!!  laugh 
the half time show was really shitty! im kinda dissapionted  haha ohh well go packers!!!!
"people are trying to perswade me to route for the stealers but i say screw yall, go packers!!!!!  smile "
packers won! hell ya! lol in your face steelers fans! haha  laugh 
moday morning  annoyed  blehhhh i feel like crap  annoyed 
haha watching <propfemale> in advisory  smile 
really wants a root beer float!  annoyed 
have a pounding head ache and it wont go away  ughhhh  crying 
"thank you grandma for saveing the day and getting me from work, since mom had a flat tire!  smile "
"love me or hate me, either way im still on your mind   smile "
had a wonderful valentines day!  laugh 
it feels like springgg and i like it!  smile 
im so happy tomorrows friday! i cant wait for the weekend!  smile 
road trip with shianna  laugh  lol im gettin tired!
back to traverse city   blehhh i hate traverse city sooo much!  annoyed 
i wanted a snow day  damn it! > annoyed 
just went to see gabby at the hospital  hope she gets better soon! i miss her so much!
"hahaha shianna wants a \sonut\""! lol  playful """
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice in side you're soul   
woww my mom thinks she knows everything! even though she dosent! > annoyed 
to all facebook friends: if you dont like things i post or get annoyed im srry and if you have that much of a problem than just delete me!
good luck to everyone takeing the act today!  smile 
bored nd feelin like crap  crying  text me
going to school today even tho i still feel like shit   sad 
im going to bed! i feel like shit!!  crying 
a pretty fun day! went bowling and did all sorts of other stuff at lucky jacks   smile 
i hope exam week goes by fast! i hate exams!  annoyed 
"i hope todays a good day, unlike the last two days   annoyed "
exams         annoyed 
so glad theres no school today  it felt good to just sleep in   smile 
1st hour: drawing with harper                      2nd hour: american sign language with biggar                                                                      3rd hour: environmental science with flemming                                                              4th hour: history with berger                       5th hour: geometry with brege                   any one have classes with me?  smile 
what a beautiful day outside!  laugh 
"we've got oppinions that were all intitled to, but i never asked   smile "
i've learned to say things with my eyes that others waste time putting into words  smile 
snowww dayy!  smile  not so happy about the snow but likein the day off  smile 
i want a spring break get away so i can get out of this shitty town!  annoyed 
staying in tc for spring break is sooooo boreing!!! ughhhhhh im so sick of this supid town! > sad 
getting my hair done at 3 surprise 0 then idkkk after that  text me if you wanna <propfemale> out   smile 
private <propfirst> need to stop calling my phone my gosh grow up children! its really annoying!
i wanna see hop that damn rabbit poops jelly beans  smile 
"hopefully tomorrow is a better day  sad  going to bed soon, hopefully i can sleep "
my brother has the most annoying friends everrr over!  annoyed  my gosh kids these days!
im so tired of being unappreciated!
mmmm strawberrys  smile 
i reallyyy am not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow!  sad  hurry up summer!
stupid school  i wanted to sleep in!  sad 
painting my nails  then homework  then bed   smile 
