3538fd318c7a814da503d9cbbb4f94e8
happy early new years    this calls for chicken enchaladas and cozying up to my bubby
2 1 2 weeks till <propmale> turns 27
i have <propmale> civilization     growllll
i hate!!!!!! <propmale> civilization
1241443876
"i officially have my placement as a student teacher  i am now the proud student teacher of mr  kuensting's 5th grade classroom  wow, i'm so close"
i passed my praxis!!!!!! hopefully i'll also hear good news on my early childhood praxis
last and only final at 3 smile 0  wow then i'm offically done for a month!!!!
"i passed my early childhood praxis, and substituted in kindergarten for the first time today   this has been a great week, did i mention that i'm done for winter break woo"
"i am so excited that in a short month i'll be officially student teaching and starting to interview for jobs to teach  wow!!! this is unreal  i can't wait till christmas, who wants vanilla bean cheesecake, i do!!!"
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>
"wow <propmale> made me the best, cutest book shelf in the world, i heart him  yeah, i can't wait to go to moms and eat and open gifts"
i can't wait till saturday    the vacation begins
i don't want to go transcribe but i must    
4 days in counting     
school starts back  up on tuesday    i'm so nervous but very excited   it's finally here!!!!!
today is my first interview  well it's actually a pre-interview screening  it's gonna be great   cps here i come!!!
my first unit of study is going so well  i really hope each student gets as much out of this as i do  i know they will  yipee!!!!
snow days make me grumpy    especially when i'm the one who's teaching   
we have school today   i'm so ready to be back    but boo it's going to be another short week  sad 
i was surprised on friday with a beautiful bouquet of roses    me so happy
whoo   a teacher work day means only a half day   that means there's still half for reading the second <propmale> <propmale> book  my weekend is set!!!!
this is such a busy week     preparing for parent teacher conferences and trying to get all my 5th graders stories ready to share with their parents starting tomorrow   i'm tired
today i will become the proud mommy of a lovely 6 month old chocolate lab named <propfemale>     4 smile 0 here i come!!!!
going to <propfemale> for the weekend    i wish under better circumstances though
it's been such a long week    
getting ready for mojoe in the morning   please somebody   gimme an interview   
"working on the synthesis project, can't wait for my birthday dinner tomorrow then off to <propfemale> for birthday cake and easter     "
this project is taking so much time   i'm almost there    phew!!!!
i just finished writing my synthesis project    it seriously is like 40 pages long   wow! so glad to be done with that   well at least until i get feeback on it and they want me fix things   but until then   life is good!!!!
thank you for all the birthday wishes
i have an interview for first grade in fulton mo next wednesday   woo hoo
tomorrow is my interview   fulton here i come
i passed my synthesis project and my highway <propfemale> just got into its fosterhome    sounds like a good day for sparkys with my 5th graders
tomorrow is mother's day   i heart u momma
i'm engaged!!!!!!!!!!
today i graduate   wowza
i'm officially done with college and can't wait to very quickly plan my wedding
as of today i am officially booked for my honeymoon to alaska   wowza   this is gonna be a great summer
going up to <propfemale> this weekend   my first official visit as a soon to be daughter in law   exciting!!!!!
is it july 6th yet
gosh after a long weekend to help grandma at her 60th   i'm feeling a little bit nervous about all the planning i still have to do for the wedding   29 days in counting
im really hoping that we end up not needing a back up plan for the wedding   go away rain!!!!
23 days until i'm married!!!!!
22 days in counting     
21 days    wowza
in 20 days i'll officially be mrs  <propmale> rose   how exciting
whatever you do     do not trust keep it simple photography   elizabeth <propfirst> a crazy hillbilly    plus    from the looks of her latest wedding   not that talented   just because you can shoot a camera does not make you an artist!!!!!!
phew   looks like we overted a big ordeal   thankfully we've found another gal who wont treat us like an inconvenience the whole time   it's gonna work out   i can feel it
i just picked out the most beautiful veil    i really feel like a bride
just booked our new photographer   18 more days
fifteen more days   wow   
"down to two weeks until the big day  just had our final meeting with our minister and tomorrow is paying final amounts for flowers, our space, and last minute decorating   phew   "
getting ready to go get my marraige license
12 days in counting   wow   that's like a week and five days   woo hoo
11 more days   and sunday is my bridal shower   sounds like fun
10 days    man i really wanna go on a float trip   
9 more days    and today is my shower   woo hoo
8 more days   and today i'll find the centerpieces    hmmm   anyone know where to find an ine playful ensive square shaped vase???
one more week   and it better not rain
6 more days    rachel's gonna come swim and help me clean on thursday   
omg   there are finally dates set for the final two <propmale> potter movies    this november and then the following july   awww it looks like i'll be celebrating my one year anniversairy with <propmale> potter too
4 days until the big day   and tonight i'll be celebrating poolside   woo
i'm getting married tomorrow   and i have a million things to do before then   phew
i'm getting married today    i could hardly sleep last night i was so excited
"it feels so good to have the wedding behind me    stress is out the window right now    and now to relax, enjoy 30 pieces of leftover wedding cake, open gifts, and take a trash the dress session with kristen    best week ever"
thank you to everyone for the warm wedding wishes  i'm so happy to finally be <propmale>'s wifey 
tonight is my trash the dress session with kristen   so excited
i'm so thankful for <propfemale> <propmale> of photo essence  the photographs look amazing and she really captured my special day  thank you so much  and another thanks goes out to her assistant <propfemale> <propfemale>  you both did an amazing job!!!
who knew that buying silverware could be such a hassle  and why is it they sell them in one packs    stupid!!!
i think i might buy some purfume today    maybe blue by raulph <propfirst>
"just got my new license, finished thank you cards, and am trying to fix dinner for hubby"
phew what a long weekend    i'm exhausted    and tomorrow i clean
my new silverware arrived    and their perfect!!!!
i'm ready to head to boonville to visit with my folks    and look at alaskan cruise excursions   woowoo
heading up to <propfemale> this evening    jake's birthday on saturday    hoping it will be a nice weekend despite our sunday plans
interview today   kinda nervous but pretty sure it could be a sure thing   
omg   i am officially a preschool teacher at the green meadows preschool in columbia    as of september 1st i will have 7 eager preschoolers ready to learn   i'm so excited
hey i've just gotten my classroom and i would really like to have a website for my class but the school doesn't really use theirs   any ideas on how to make a website   i don't even know where to start   please help!!!!
oh golly    i'm so happy to be seeing the wedding photos    kristen coleman   amazing photographer      be on the look out for postings
i leave in two days for alaska!!!!! i start my new job on sept  1st!!!! and i'll post wedding pics when i get back from the honeymoon!!!! i is just so happy right now
"continuing my life of laminating, cutting, and putting together school stuffs, packing for alaska, and hoping to see a certain bag at macys"
leaving at 7am to officially start my honeymoon   wowowwow
i officially start teaching tomorrow morning     i'm more than a little nervous    10 four year olds    but atleast the laminating is done for now    
i have never in my life been so tired    it was like a ten hour day   with an hour break     those kids left me pretty fried    but it was a pretty good day     oddest moment   mia starts crying at lunch demanding she use the fancy spoon    i'm pretty sure every spoon was plain    but she was sure there was one fancier than the rest   four year  olds
phew it's been a long two weeks  i'm so glad it's thursday  the kids are learning about weather and have been making some pretty exciting <propmale> projects with it  today we're going to st<propmale> our weather books  woo hoo  plus it might be huhot night!!
"continuing to go through wedding photos and slowly get them labeled and put into albums, cutting out pumpkins for my kids, and wandering where to find a whole bunch of used crayons for melted crayon leaves   hmmmm"
"a busy week ahead   my class is studying colors and trying to look at nature (colors around them), we're crossing our fingers that today we're melting crayons to make leaves, trying to control a certain someone's fits long enough to see if they're learning, all the while i'm wondering how to tell work i have a funeral to go to on thursday    it's a pretty great week though"
so yesterday i saw and played with the cuttest little doxie ever  it really made me want one bad    now the hard part: convincing <propmale> he wants one just as bad    we'll see  sad 
over the last three weeks   i've had one child decide to have accidents everyday  the worst part is he doesn't like telling anyone he's had them  i don't think it looks good when the parent is telling you he's coming home with poop in his shoes everyday for last two weeks   can you please ask him to use the bathroom  arg! he's had to use the potty at least once an hour and he still found the time to do it yesterday
"pretty excited to start this week    sunday was a little too eventful but still a pretty good day but this week sounds like it should be better   i'm hopefully getting over my bronchitis, our fall party at the preschool is friday, started the new <propmale> riordan book and can't wait to finish it up "
"yea! today is thursday, huhot night with the husband    can't wait for the weekend to see the folks and have me a nice fish sandwich "
i just napped with my class     i think they heard me snore    oh well totally worth it!
so glad it's thursday   huhot!!    can't wait to make tissue paper turkeys with my class  
"check out this video on youtube annoyed \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=qvssyvc6o8s&feature=youtube_gdata_player\\sent from my iphone"
is that a boy or girl?
i'm so ready for thanksgiving    4 days of pure relaxation    and maybe pecan pie
at kobe's with the husband    yum
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>    can't wait to go to moms house!!!
i just got a puppy    <propfemale>
thank you <propmale> for getting me safely to school    i got to teach my class today    and in 3 hours it's the weekend!!!!
ready to go home for the weekend
beer
no school again tomorrow    what a relief    yay! i get another snow day with the hubby and netflix 
ugh    there were 16 preschools  daycares out today but mine thinks this is ideal weather for school     
glee just rocked my socks off   
heading to huhot with the boys
let the <propfirst>'s day festivities begin    chocolate covered strawberries check    tattoo <propfirst>s for my class check    valentines ensemble check    now just waiting for the awesomeness that is valentines day!!!!
happy <propfirst>'s day!!!
"the dentist group will be talking to my class today  woo hoo, free tooth brushes for everyone!"
i am so exhausted    thank goodness it's friday amani have a 3 day weekend!!!!
good job husband!!!!
alright sinus infection prepare to meet amoxicillin   muhwahahah
