54b881214e2382aee5288c269a52ba21
babysitting with amandaaaa  smile  thenn  idk 
goin to target  then to morgans tonight  smile 
is excited for tomorrow   laugh 
boredd  overtime tonight!  smile   love 33 cant waittt!!  smile 
14 more days!  smile   smile 
watchin the bachelorette  smile  text me  smile 
isnt tired at all  <propfemale> bored   text me!  smile )
13 days til florida  44 days till my birthday  smile  text me
is absolutely amazing! text me! 12 days till florida!  smile   smile   smile 
tired  bored  text me  12 days  smile 
goin shopping to use all my old gift cards  smile  11 days till floridaaaa  smile   smile 
is so tired  got some new clothes for floridaaa  smile  <propfemale> comin over tomorrow and then babysitting zeke  smile 
babysitting zeke wit <propfemale> tonight!  smile  then <propfemale>s spending the night! 10 days till floridaaa  smile )
"hanging with lt  <propfirst>, eatin hotcakes, and hiding in the basement from the tornado  !!"
only 9 days till florida wit the best friend  smile  doing absolutely nothin today  text me  smile 
is soooo excitteedd!!!  laugh d 9 dayss!!  smile  ahhh!!!!
church tomorrow then maybe hangin wit the youth group laterr  smile  8 days till florida!  laugh  text me!
just woke up!! 7 days till floridaaaaaa  smile ) text me
hopes she gets rid of this before florida  sad  only 6 more days
6 days till floridaaa  smile  this better go away  fastt!!!
bored  poison <propfemale> stinks  sad  5 more days  text me  smile 
? if we <propmale> the stars to lose a shadow ? <propfirst> pan and <propfemale> turned out fine ? so won't you fly with me - best song everr ? text me  smile 
? if its you and me forever ? if its you and me right now ? thatd be alright ?  smile  *sigh* gonna watch a movie and go to sleep  laugh 
thinks its wayyyy to hott outside  goin to <propfemale>'s later! 4 more days  text me  smile  smile 
? if we <propmale> the stars to lose a shadow ? <propfirst> pan and <propfemale> turned out fine ? so won't you flyyy with me ? text me  leavin for florida in 3 days  smile  ugh could this go any slower?!?!
2 days till floridaa  33 days till my birthday   smile  text me!  smile 
wishes her friends would listen to her  cuz im right  as always  smile  text me 
gonna go look at some slug bugs!  smile  ahh! i hope i get one!  smile ))) text me!  smile   smile   smile 
1 day  smile 
leavin for florida tomorrow  smile  ahh!
hangin wit <propfemale> in the hotel room  smile  text me  boredd 
bored  waitin for parents to get back so i can go swimming!  smile   smile   smile  text me 
doesnt feel good at all   sad 
is a happy camper  smile  cant wait for the fireworks tomorrow  smile   love 3
goin to the store later  then swimmin and watchin the fireworks on the beach  love 33
best 4th of july yet!  smile   smile   smile   smile   love 33
goin out to eat tonight then to clearwater!  smile   smile   smile   smile 
cant wait for tomorrow  smile   love 333333 ahh!
dont know what im doin today  goin home tomorrow  kinda excited   smile  text me  love 333
"you lift my feet off the ground  you spin me around  you make me crazier, crazier  feels like im fallin and i am lost in ur eyes  you make me crazier, crazier, crazierr!  love 333"
headed home  smile 
is in <propfemale>! cant wait to get home!  smile   smile   smile 
is home  smile  finally!  laugh 
misses her friends   sad 
is so very bored  texxt me 
19 dayss!  smile   smile  text me!!  smile 
gettin ready for church  smile 
just got back from church  smile  maybe overtime tonight? text me
me and <propfemale> beasted at football tonight!  smile  lol 17 days  smile 
's legs hurt really bad  sad  textt <propfemale>!  smile 
feels absolutly horrible  im goin to bed 
16 days  smile 
15 more days!  smile  youth group tonight!  smile   smile  texxt me!  smile   smile   smile 
is bored outta my mind!! 13 more days  smile  ahh!
makin brownies  smile  text me
church tomorrow  smile  then hangin with friends  smile  then maybe steves???  smile   smile 
has a headache!  sad 
doesnt feel good at all
is bored  goin to tnt tonight with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile  text me!
is goin to danielles!  smile   smile   smile 
isnt goin to youth tonight  sad  text me!
got my application for chick-fil-a!! haha goin to morgans tomorrow!  smile   smile  7 more days!  smile   smile   smile 
why must i wake up so early?!!?
is babysitting    sad  sooo boredd  text me!  smile 
5 more days!  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
loves jesus!  smile   smile  5 more days!!!! text me!  smile 
goin  to steves and <propmale> later!  smile  4 days!
is not a very happy camper!  sad 
3 more days!  smile  vbs tonight!
cant wait for wednesday    and thursday  love 33
is unsure of some things   
gettin ready to leave for vbs  smile  youth group tomorrow night then my birthday thursday!  smile  woot woot!
tired  goin bowling tomorrow  takin drivers test on thursday  smile 
got her permit!!  smile   smile   smile 
just woke up  smile  babysitting  text me 
is really tired  goin to steves tonight!!  smile 
cant wait for school to start  laugh 
doin absolutely notin today  as usual! text me! smile 
babysitting yet again   maybe seeing <propfirst> tonight?!?!  laugh 
cant wait to see <propfirst> tonight! even if it is for like   5 minutes!  laugh 
 laugh dd texxt me!  smile   smile   smile 
is happy! gettin my schedule tomorrow!  laugh 
is gonna go get somthin to eat  do some laundry  and watch tv  no youth group for me tonight!  sad  text me 
got her schedule! yay!!  laugh 
1  old testement  smile  2  <propmale>  smile  3  geometry  smile  4  asl2  smile  5  biology  smile  6  enlgish 10  smile  7  geography  smile 
gettin ready for church  smile 
overtime tonight  school tomorrow  last day of summer  love 
first day of school  smile 
got alot of homework for the first day  but thats okay!  smile 
is stressed   ahh im so sick of school already!!!!
school   
sooo tireddd   
done with homework!  smile 
glad its friday!!!  laugh d
goin to the football scrimmage with <propfemale> later!  smile  cant wait for tomorrow  laugh 
ughhh   school
worst day of my life 
missed secret life aginnn   ughh! goin to bed! grounded from my phone so dont text     sad 
doesnt wanna go to school tomorrow at all  sad 
doesnt feel good     sad  lots of makeup geometry to do   ughh
football game tonight  smile 
is soooo sleeppyyy
is sooo confused   i hate being a sophmore    sad  text me!
"if you see someone without a smile, give them yours  smile "
try to be a rainbow in someones cloud  smile 
had a good day  smile  workin on my engish paper
homework  then football game  smile 
finishin up some homework  then youth group tonight!  smile 
"there are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little brighter, and just live a little better  smile  goin to youth group "
is happy   in a way  smile 
saw my sisters keeper last night with hannah    wasnt as sad as i thot it was gonna be   but still sad! goin to kristis games later to work the pony rides with <propfemale>!
is so tired and sooooooooo stressed bout school  i hate it 
tryin to get outta geometry!!!  sad ((
"dont wanna go to school tomorrow   workin on geometry, then bedddd"
about to do something i might regret     ohhh welllll    
doesnt feel good at all  bout to go to school  unfortunately  field trip to the childrens museum!!
doin some homework  text me  smile 
is waiting     smile  late start tomorrow  smile  smile 
just woke up  still super tired  youth group tonight  smile 
tired  doin homework  text me  smile 
is out of geometry!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
is happy  smile 
<propfemale> tired  gettin ready for school  
has absolutely zero homework  laugh  goin to the football game  smile 
is tired  my tummy hurts  sad 
is super bored and tired    text me!  smile 
is sooo excited!!!!!!  laugh 
loves driving  smile  and absolutely lovesss her dressssss  smile ))
just watched scream   ahhhh!!!
is siiickkk  sad 
is starting to feel yucky again    sad 
feels awful but is goin to school  annoyed  ughh
is stupid for hackin on danielles facebook and putting dumb things     ha ha   
cant wait for youth tonight  smile 
ewww   school   yuckk     sad 
had a good day  smile  saints games tomorrow then football game  laugh 
is goin to the homecoming game!  laugh 
had fun at homecoming  i guess
got a flu shot today!  sad 
done with homework  youth group tonight  smile 
is happy  smile   smile   smile 
i really really really wish today was saturday   
done with homework! excited for school for the first time in foreverrr!!
"and i dont know why but with you id dance in a storm in my best dress, fearless  smile "
"you're beautiful, every little peice love   smile "
"hopeless, head over heels in the moment, i never thought that id get hit by this love bug again  smile "
church  smile 
tryin to finish up this english paper  dunno what im doin  text me 
had an amazing day  smile  no homework  i love life  smile  haha text me!
lucky im in love with my best friend  smile 
goin to youth group   smile 
"had a good day  straitening hair, then bed  smile "
is absolutely amazing!  smile  no homework! text me!  laugh 
soooo tired  watchin tv  shower  straiten hair  bed  thennnnn canoeing!!!!!  laugh dd
goin canoeing!!  smile 
loves canoeing! <propfemale> much fun! getting tipped was the best part!  smile  goin to soccer game! text me!
my back is killing me   
"to the world ur just one person, but to one person u could mean the world  smile "
misses her friends!  sad 
& i could tell u his favorite colors green  he likes to argue  born on the 17th  his sisters beautiful  he has his fathers eyes  & if u ask me if i love him   i'd lie  smile 
really tired  gonna take a shower and go to bed  smile 
but your so hypnotizing  you've got me laughing while i sing  you've got me smiling in my sleep 
bed  school  youth group   smile  im excited 
workin on geography poster  text me 
goin to bed  tomorrows friday!  smile  yay! this week went by fasttt 
doesnt feel good   sad  really bored  text me 
watchin project runway!  smile  text me 
finally done with english  watchin tv  text me  smile 
misses her bestest friend in the whole wide world  sad  i cant wait for friday!!  laugh 
is starving! watchin tv and makin pizza  text me 
homework  shower  then headin to my grandmas house for the night!  smile 
at my grandparents house  smile  goin to bed <propfemale> bit  im tireddd  text me 
had a bad night  gonna eat then go to bed  annoyed 
is <propfemale> tired  jeans day tomorrow!  smile  shower  then biology   sad 
shower  bed  school  football game   smile 
had a bad week! <propfemale> stressed! people r just making it ten times worse 
loves sundays!  smile  overtime tonight!
woke up late  goin to school later
good day  makin french fries then gonna watch tv  smile  text me!!
tired   watchin tv  shower  bed  psat tomorrow  boooo
gotta be at school at seven tomorrow for algebra? r u kidding me  
lots of tests tomorrow  gotta study study study!!!  sad  text me!
bed  school  football game   laugh  text it 
hanging with <propfemale>!  laugh 
goin to a movie tonight with <propfemale>  laugh 
choir concert today   really really nervous!  text me 
just got my halloween costume with <propfemale>  laugh  ahh! im <propfemale> excited!
is about to watch halloween   ahh! i wont be sleeping tonight    annoyed 
not the best day  homework  dinner  bed 
lots of homework again  btw  i love <propfirst> chandler  laugh  youth group later  text me 
i love my life  smile 
really really tired   dont wanna go to school  annoyed 
tiredd   shower  homework  bed   smile  text it 
goin to the football game  laugh  really tired though  text me 
babysitting   really tired  text me 
eatin a fudge bar and watchin tv  smile  text me 
no school tomorrow  smile 
cleaning my room and doing laundry  text me 
doesnt feel that great  
homework  boooo
my legs feel like 1000 pounds each 
is happy!  laugh  cant wait for the weekend! ah! gonna be amaazingg  laugh d
is mad  my weeknd is ruined 
no school for me  smile 
cant wait for tonight!  smile  trick or treating then watchin more scary movies with <propfemale>!  laugh 
just watched scream 3 and the haunting in conneticut  ahhh!!!
just got home from church  gonna go clean my room so text me  smile 
goin to the creation museum!
thats just the way the cookie crumbles   
no homework!  smile  super tired though  gonna go take a nap maybe   text me 
cant wait for christmas!  laugh  ah!
gonna go do some homework i guess   annoyed 
is kinda dissapointed   in a way   
workin on this enlgish paper i guess   even though i have no idea what to say   
"this is completely and totally, absolutely ridiculous!"
blahh  
feels alot better  laugh 
ughh  i dont feel good
overtime tonight!  smile  i cant wait!!!
i love my friends  smile 
tryin to work on this stupid english paper   and getting nothing done  wow 
wow 
that was a blasty blastt!!!  laugh 
eatin dinner! got my phone back so text me!  smile 
it smells like christmas!  laugh 
cleanin my room   smile 
dunno what im doin today  prolly gonna go clean my room   again 
makin fries and doin homework  smile  text me 
goodnight  smile 
goin to kohls later  smile  then doin homework and goin to bed 
8 more days till new york!!  laugh   laugh  ahhh!!!
workin on english  i hate english 
watchin monk!! i love this show!!!
goin to bed  smile  2 more days!
studying for geography then bed  smile 
i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly 
just fell allll the way down the stairs   wow
1 final down  4 to go  youth group tonight  smile 
i need a nap 
should really be studying for finals but      i think ill pass 
2 more finals  im so tired 
goin christmas shopping   finally!
is bored!!! text me!
gettin ready for church  smile 
gotta new ihome!  smile  i cant wait for christmas!
text me  smile 
oh  my  gosh 
and i realize your laugh is the best sound i  have  ever  heard 
why is everything so complicated this year!?!
maybe two is better than one   smile 
santas comin tonight  smile 
happy birthday jesus  laugh 
you have a smile that can light up this whole town 
bored  gonna watch obsessed then probably go to bed  smile 
babysitting  i wanna go play in the snow!
wants to sleep till tomorrow night 
"i dont know but, i think i may be fallin for ya, dropping so quickly   love "
had an amazing day  laugh 
has a headache  annoyed 
ewwww school   
ughhh   shower  homework  bed 
keep on snowin  smile  please 
i officially hate my school 
the thought of me having to go to school tomorrow is depressing 
is super tired  cant wait for this day to be overrr 
my best friend is amazing   smile 
is going to sheriffs house to <propfemale> out with all the ladies  love 
watchin the colts game with <propfemale> and <propfemale>! church tomorrow  smile  text me 
sooooo tiredd  goin to see new <propfemale> later  text me 
babysitting 
blahh  i dont want to go to school 
i hate my life 
is happy  smile 
off to bed  church tomorrow  then idk  smile 
wow  this is stupid  homework then colts game 
is confused beyond belief 
no homework tonight  smile  watch tv  youth group  bed   smile 
watchin american idol  makin some food  thennn goin to bed   smile 
soooooo tired  cant wait for tonight!  laugh 
i dont know why im up this early  im so tired 
phones broke  dont text  sad 
feels tons better!  smile  hopefully goin to a movie later 
"just saw the lovely bones with my mom, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  my mom is going to be lecturing me bout it for weeks now   "
finally!  laugh 
just woke up   smile  shower  dinner  secret life  the bachelor  bed   smile 
"my ears hurt   sad  but on the bright side, no homework!"
cant wait to sleep in my nice cozy bed tonight!! my back hurts so bad!
just finished my english paper! i feel so accomplished!
"i think that possibly, maybe i've fallin for you  yes theres a <propmale> that i've fallin quite hard over you   smile "
crap  crap  crap  crap  crap 
bored  goin to hannahs tonight  text me   smile 
had an amazing day with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!  laugh  cleaning my room now  then shower  then bed  thennn church  smile 
"in the middle of the night when im in this dream its like a million little stars spellin out your name  you gotta c'mon c'mon say that we'll be together, c'mon c'mon   little taste of heaven   love "
time slows down whenever you're around
workin on my english paper  ughh i cant wait for summer 
is <propfemale>oo grossed out!! i absolutely hate english! grounded <propfemale> dont text 
needs to make some plans for this weekend  text me  smile 
sometimes the person you fall for isnt ready to catch you   smile 
just woke up! goin to hannahs house with noa later   smile 
just got done doin noa's hair  now makin dinner and watchin tv  smile  text it 
church  homework  overtime   smile 
eatin pizza then goin to the game  text me 
80s dance tonight!
had fun tonight! singin at some church tomorrow   wish i could go to my church   but oh well 
oh  my  gosh  i cannot beleive that just happened  how stupid 
first tennis practice today! woot woot!!!
just got home  dinner  shower  homework  american idol   smile 
go <propfirst>!!!  laugh 
youth group tonight! then american idol!  laugh 
is confused beyond belief 
blah blah blah    
"i like the way i cant keep my focus, i watch you talk and you didnt notice  i hear the words but all i can think is we should be together  love "
drove on the interstate for the first time ever today!!!
"today was a fairytale all that i can say is now its getting so much clearer, nothin made since till the time i saw your face, today was a fairytale "
i wishh      it was my birthday 
just got outta practice  dinner then shower  what a day    
just got home from tennis  and just got some terribly bad news   sad  but other than that it was a really good day!
is up way to early   going driving then jessicas party tonight!  laugh 
"i like the way you're hair falls in you're face, ya got the keys to me i love each freckle on you're face oh, ive never been so wrapped up hunny i like the way you're everything i ever wanted   love "
drove on the interstate for the second time today! gettin ready for jessicas party tonight!  laugh 
ugh  goin to bed   
i just wished for the same thing on three different clocks at 11:11   it better freakin come true  lol
eatin lunch then workin on homework  overtime tonight  smile  text me 
just got home from tennis! shower  dinner  then studyin for bio test tomorrow  sad 
eatin pizza and drinkin a coke  my two favorite things to do   smile  haha
what a boring day  dinner  swing  shower  bed  church tomorrow! text me  smile 
i dont feel good  at all 
is confused and frusterated 
what  the  heck 
tennesee tomorrow  smile 
bout to leave for tennessee!!! text me   smile 
goin out to breakfast  text me   smile 
"cuz if ya wanna go, baby lets go  if ya wanna rock, im ready to roll  and if ya wanna slow down, we can slow down together  love "
just got done climbin up some hills   smile  lol bout to go do a crossword puzzle! text it 
is watching big fat liar for the 1085746397 time and eating grapes  smile 
my feet are killing me 
goin out for breakfast maybe? then goin to the aquarium!
just got done walkin around gatlinburg  im beat  goin to play pool with <propfirst>!  laugh  text me 
goin home today 
"he's a good time, cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine  looks like a cool drink of water but hes candy-coated misery "
i said leave but all i really want is you to stand outside my window throwin pebbles screamin im in love with you  smile 
ugh  i dont wanna do this anymore  
headed to my grandparents house! happy easter!  laugh  text me!
"oh, half of my hearts got a grip on the situation, half of my heart takes time  half of my hearts got a right mind to tell ya that i cant keep lovin you oh with half of my heart   love "
is cleaning then unpacking  smile 
"rain rain go away, come again another day   sad "
this wind is ridiculous!!
american idol  go <propfirst>!  smile 
workin on homework  text me  smile 
is sooooo tired  thank goodness is friday!  laugh 
is making brownies with noa  laugh 
my knee hurts  sad 
good day today  smile  even though i fell and scraped my knee all up  lol
going on a safari in search of food in a treehouse with <propfemale>!
first tennis match today! ahh im so nervous!!
ugh ugh ughhh
oh how i hate school 
bed  school  tennis match  summer is a comin!
cannot wait for this day to be over so that it will be the weekend!  smile 
goin to seusical with my best friend!  laugh 
goin to help the elderly way down yonder in the chattahoochee where the dust is wild and the yard is grim!!
"i get carried away by the look, by the light in your eyes before i even realize the ride im on, baby im long gone "
school tomorrow and i havent even opened my bookbag   grrrreat   smile 
fooooood  thats all i want   smile 
i won i won i won i won i finally won!!!!  laugh   laugh 
shower  dinner  homework  text me   smile 
"i gotta get to you, cuz ya sure been gettin to me "
is freaking out  ughughugh
hangin with <propfemale> alllll day tomorrow; then prommmm  smile 
"breathe <propfemale>, just breathe"
prommmmm  smile 
well that was interesting   
last night was fun!! little scary though  lol takin a shower then workin on homework!
cant wait for school tomorrow!!!!!             not
"on my way home  dinner, shower, american idol, bed   smile  text me"
"is stressed but besides that, happy  smile "
goin out to eat with my parents  text me  smile 
when everything is falling apart u will be safe in his arms
loves getting up at 6:45 on a saturday morning   not
ice skating  smile  text me 
i  am  so  sore  do i have to go to school tomorrow?
youth group  smile 
is sooooooo excited!!!!!
"she's a good girl, loves her mama, loves jesus and <propfemale> too"
my best days are ahead of me 
does not feel good  at all 
sick  annoyed 
"well it might be me, but the way i see it the whole wide world has gone craazy"
very bad day   
from this moment life has begun  from this moment you are the one  right beside you is where i belong  from this moment on 
eating  showering  packing  bed 
blahh i feel funny  annoyed  senior celebration tomorrow!  smile 
senior celebration  smile 
my throat hurts   sad  braces tomorrow  grrrrrreat 
goodnight  laugh 
studying; youth group; shower; bed  smile  2 more days  love 
i hate finals  driving test today!
i dont know what to do i think im fallin for you  love 
got my license!!  laugh 
holla if ur ready for some summa nights!  laugh 
lubo faisa and noa iiboshi are the biggest losers ive ever met in my life 
"what a fantastic day  smile  church, then jeremys graduation tomorrow!"
i love the feeling of not having to do homework on a sunday night  smile 
"he is jealous for me  loves like a hurricane, i am a tree bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy "
&& you're tied together with a smile but you're comin undone 
is painting a treehouse with my best friend  laugh 
covered in paint  eatin waffle fries and chicken critters!  laugh 
i can't think of a better way to spend a day than with my best friend  laugh 
"and i could tell you his favorite colors green  he loves to argue, born on the seventeenth  his sisters beautiful, he has his fathers eyes and if you ask me if i love him  i'd lie   smile  text me "
mufffffins!!!  laugh 
sad day  sad  im goin back to bed  
is watchin what a girl wants  smile 
happy birthday <propmale>  laugh 
hangin out with people  smile  text me 
show me that good things come to those who wait   smile 
"and i'm gonna love you like nobody loves you, and i'll earn your trust makin memories of us   love "
"someday baby, you and i are gonna be the ones so hold on we're headed for a better life   love "
got an interview!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about   love 
is not a happy camper 
this  is  so  stupid 
ugh 
booooooooooo  sad 
watchin the notebook  love  then off to erins open house  laugh 
be positive  stay calm  ignore it 
"waiting, waiting, waiting  ahh im a nervous wreck!"
"you lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around, you make me crazier, crazier  love "
sleepin in the treehouse with <propfemale>!  laugh 
got a job at chick-fil-a!  laugh 
starts training at chick-fil-a monday  smile  family reunion tomorrow  fun stuff 
i  feel  terrible 
overtime later   love  text me 
bedtime  im wiped outttt  love 
just got back from my first day of work  if you call sitting and watching videos all day work  but i got paid!  laugh 
goodnight  smile  cleaning the house tomorrow then workin 4-8 
"training 4-8 , im tiiiired "
goodnight  smile 
i dont feel good  annoyed 
"you're beautiful, every little piece love   love  good day "
toy story 3 later with the family  then we'll see what happens   smile 
toy story 3 just about made me cry  haha eatin dinner then maybe a party??
goin to go see letters to <propfemale> with <propfemale> colberto  smile 
bored  nothin to do today  text me  smile 
and i dont know why but with u i'd dance in a storm in my best dress fearless 
goin to see the last song with my mom  smile 
is wiped outt  cant wait for florida!  laugh 
my new favorite team: utah jazz  love 
florida tonight!  laugh  text me  smile 
f l o r i d a !!!!  laugh  finally! text me
got a total of 15 minutes of sleep last night  awesome 
what a fantastic day   smile 
cuz all i want is everything you're not 
goin to the beach with <propfemale>  smile 
"if shes lonely now, she won't be lonely long "
oh my goodness! im burntttt!
shake shop with <propfemale> then swimming!  laugh 
"i like the way your hair falls in your face, ya got the keys to me i love each freckle on your face  oh, i've never been so wrapped up <propfemale> i like the way you're everything i ever wanted   smile "
florida is doing wonders for my hair  i'm definitely moving here haha
hangin with lieutenant <propfirst>; goin to a movie later; text me  smile 
good day!  laugh  excited for tomorrow!
just came in from swimming alllll day with <propfemale>   smile  im tired 
and so the countdown begins -----> 26 days  smile 
headin home; text me -----> 25 days  smile 
no air conditioning  fantastic 
youth group tonight! cant wait to see everybody! -----> 23 days  smile 
kings island!  laugh 
could it be any hotter outside??
"ok here we go, if you like this status i'll write something i like about you on your wall   smile "
"there is hope for the hopeless, rest of the weary, and love for the broken heart  there is grace and forgiveness, mercy and healing, they'll meet you wherever you are  cry out to jesus-----> 20 days  smile "
"and if our god is for us then who could ever stop us, and if our god is with us then what could stand against?----->18 days  smile "
scariest thing i've ever done is drive in the pouring rain! vbs tonight!  smile 
"i said leave but all i really want is you to stand outside my window throwin pebbles screamin im in love with you  wait there in the pourin rain, come back for more and dont you leave cuz i know all i need is on the other side of the door ?----->16 days  smile "
with the ladies  smile 
work tonight 5-9 -----> 15 days  smile 
finally had a good day at work  smile 
"i'm giving up, so just catch me----->14 days  smile "
having a cookout  smile 
i love meeting up with all my old friends again  smile  what a great night!
is nervous and excited!  laugh  text me----->12 days  smile 
is really excited for the bachelorette tonight!  laugh  text me!
givin my life to the only one who makes the <propfemale> reflect the sun   smile 
"bye bye love, i'll catch you later  got a lead foot down on my accelorator and the rearview mirror torn off, i aint never lookin back  and thats a fact   smile "
bored  youth group tonight! 9 days!  laugh 
just got done eating @ chick-fil-a with my best friend <propfemale> lemaire and her wonderful siblings  smile 
work 4-9 -----> 7 days  smile 
working 12-5 then i dunno  ----->6 days  smile 
goin to the fair later   smile  text me!
i'm beat! naptime  smile 
four  more  days 
is really jealous of everyone going to cedar point today  sad  work 5-9
got off work early today  smile  i feel sick 
chores  lunch  shower  youth group  text me  smile 
is excited for tomorrow!  laugh 
work 3-7  smile 
cut myself at work today  it hurts   sad 
is seventeen   smile 
so maybe its true that i cant live without you  and maybe two is better than one  text me  smile 
1 week !  laugh 
"the more boys i meet, the more i love my dog  "
bachelorette!!!!  laugh 
just won tickets to the <propmale> brothers concert       and i cant go  fantastic 
"be strong in the lord and never give up hope, you're gonna do great things, i already know  gods got his hand on you so dont live life in fear, forgive and forget, but dont forget why you're here  take your time and pray  these are the words i would say  "
personal fitness  e playful ository writing  ap us history  christian family  chemistry  asl3  algebra 2   smile 
"if you want the rainbow, you have to put up with the rain "
just got back from the doctor  annoyed  work 4-9   
getting my blood drawn tomorrow  im scaaared   sad 
just got back from getting my blood drawn  blahh  packing  text me 
puerto <propmale>!!  laugh 
still sitting at the airport in north <propfemale>  kill me now 
save me
has finally landed in puerto <propmale>  thank god 
sitting in a jacuzzi over looking the carribean ocean sipping a pina colada  smile 
heading home  sad  that means school tomorrow    
work in the morning 11-3
my back is killing me  party tonight!  smile 
i wish i could read peoples minds   
homework  booo 
doing my hair and watching the bachelor pad  then reading some apush to put me to sleep  smile 
grounded   annoyed 
i  am  so  tired 
just got off work  bedtime 
walking 3 <propmale> with my dad and my best friend  haha
has a stuffy nose  annoyed  church tomorrow though  smile 
a face without freckles is like a sky without stars   love 
would love to take a nap right now but no  i have to work till 10  yay 
working till ten    again 
i just made about 184756374 milkshakes  it's time for bed 
work till nine  are they trying to kill me?  sad 
school  work  bed  thank god it's friday 
<propfemale>'s games  then hanging with <propfemale>  smile  text me!
i cant believe i just did that  wow  out to eat with the family  text me 
bad day  annoyed 
is really really annoyed    annoyed 
my house is way too quiet     annoyed 
today was good  work 5-9  smile 
football game tonight  smile 
is sooo tired  annoyed  not a very good day   work tomorrow 12-4
is completely ticked off  annoyed  work till 4 
bdubs with the girls  smile 
god will never take anything away from you without giving you something so much better   love 
church  then   not sure  smile 
is working on labor day cuz thats just how i roll 
best  weekend  ever   smile 
is in a strange mood  annoyed 
work 4-9  smile 
"doesnt feel good  annoyed  work tomorrow 9 smile 0-3 smile 0, kill me now "
is in a terrible mood 
my feet are killing me  i should not have played 3 games of basketball barefoot  annoyed  school tomorrow then work  smile 
life is good   smile 
"<propfemale> tired  annoyed  youth group later, then bed "
and you've gotta smile that could light up this whole town 
work 12-6 then stephanies  smile 
is happy  smile 
i just spent 3 bucks on nail polish that takes 30 minutes to dry and looks like crap  awesome 
tired  annoyed  dont feel good 
i  hate  algebra 
can we just move already?!
off to fail an algebra test
gets to sleep in tomorrow for the first time in foreverrrrr!!!  laugh 
"is really excited for movie night tonight with aunt <propfemale>, <propfirst> cutshaw, <propmale> colbert, and <propfemale> colbert  smile "
homework then packing some more  annoyed 
goodnight  smile 
how is tomorrow only thursday!?
game tonight then homecoming tomorrow!  smile 
shoot  me  in  the  face 
this could possibly be one of the worst days of my life 
is watchin good burger!
law&order  love 
"is stressed out, as usual  youth group later  smile "
choosing between coke and sprite is the hardest decision ever! work tonight 5-10
blehh  annoyed  work  4-9 then bed 
haunted house with friends  laugh 
just now starting my english paper  awesome 
work 5-9  smile 
this baby is ridiculous 
should i bring my baby to youth group tonight or no?     hmmmm   
is ready for some cedar point !!!  laugh 
cedar point!!  laugh 
"i like the way you sound in the morning, we're on the phone and without a warning i realize your laugh is the best sound i  have  ever  heard   smile "
bedtime  smile 
is packing  sad 
can it be march yet? i'm kinda ready for tennis to start   and for school to be almost over    ugh
"wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything, and everybody believed in you?"
law & order marathon  smile  text me 
"fall break, finally  smile  youth group later "
just got <propfirst> swifts new cd    yesssssss!  laugh 
scary movie night!  love 
i wish i hadnt packed my snuggie yet  sad 
moving day  annoyed 
ahh busiest week everrr  annoyed 
"i'll spend forever wondering if you knew, i was enchanted to meet you  love "
"\ 'cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile  \""  love """
"i dont care how early it is, i'm going to bed "
my knee hurts  sad 
headache  annoyed 
grandparents house  then work 6-10  smile 
church  smile 
new phone  smile 
elf  smile 
the host on skating with the stars is obnoxious 
happy thanksgiving  smile 
shopping allll night!  love 
is completely exhausted  do i have to go to work tomorrow?
work 11-4 
decorating the christmas tree  smile 
"\dont be fallin in love as shes walkin away \"""""
is one happy camper   smile 
"\there could never be a more beautiful you \""  love """
can't wait for tomorrow!  laugh 
"remember when i was young and so were you, and time stood still and love was all we knew   love  <----best song everrr  smile "
"he's a good time, cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine  he looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy-coated misery "
i just got in a fender bender on the way to the dentist  hah 
grounded  annoyed  just now starting my english paper  greaaat 
i have to work christmas <propfemale>? what is this?!?!?!
studying for finals tomorrow?     not gonna happen 
"1 down, 4 to go  whaaaat?  annoyed "
algebra 2 final tomorrow  i might cry 
with my best friend for the night  laugh 
"\i don't know what to do i think i'm fallin for you \""  love """
i've gotta start doing stuff besides laying around the house all day messing with my ipod   annoyed 
working 2-8 then hanging out with noa iiboshi and maybe <propfemale> colbert for the night  smile 
is annoyed  annoyed  time for bed 
not gonna lie   kinda missing my family  annoyed 
got off work early  smile 
"\be strong in the lord and never give up hope \"""""
working all day  annoyed 
"\in the middle of the night when i'm in this dream it's like a million little stars spelling out your name \""  love """
i  don't  feel  good  at  all   sad 
watching the bachelor  love 33
"i miss my best friend, <propfemale> lemaire  sad  forreal "
is reading the last song online because she's too cheap to actually buy the book  hah 
ughhh   
today was such a great day   smile 
is a very happy camper   smile  my life is now complete 
no work tomorrow either? now that would be a dream come true 
i  am so  dumb 
no school? again?  sad  i'm not very happy 
is finally getting out of this house and going to the mall with <propmale>! text me!  smile 
this is getting a little out of hand   i want my life back and that includes school 
just got off work and is just now starting to study for my algebra test tomorrow  awesome 
could algebra get any more pointless and stupid?
"\why wait another minute for somethin we should've done yesterday?\""  love """
i hate people who hate on valentines day  it's a good day!!  smile 
it smells like      summer!  laugh 
ughh  annoyed  i dont know what to do   
i think it's safe to say my feet have never hurt this bad in my whole  entire  life 
"never let your prayin knees get lazy, and love like crazy   love "
this english thing is stressing me out    
who wants to buy me <propfirst> swift tickets for my birthday?!
today is not my day 
this game is to addicting  i need to stop 
why am i still up?  i just wanna sleep forever 
working till 8 smile 0  smile 
getting my haircut for the fist time in like 20 years   annoyed 
i want my long hair back     right  now   sad 
shopping!  laugh 
is so excited  laugh 
is watching snow white  love  yess!
watching the final episode of the bachelor!!!  love 3333
my whole entire body is sore 
working 11-4 
listening to <propfirst> swift  i love this weather  smile 
"\what can wash away my sins? nothing but the blood of jesus \""  love """
s o u t h  c a r o l i n a ! : d
i wish it was 80 degrees    then i'd be happy 
its been a loooonggg day  lots to think about     annoyed 
and now let the stressing out about prom begin    now 
working 11-4   smile  hopefully i remember how   jeezz   
"today was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day   annoyed "
headed to <propfirst>!  smile 
"\have faith in your dreams and someday your rainbow will come smiling through \""  smile """
"\i'll tell you one thing it's always better when we're together \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>  love 3"""
i could eat a million dove chocolates just to read the message inside the wrapper!  smile 
who's ready for prommmmm!?!?!  smile 
new phone!!  smile 
i don't think i've ever been this unprepared for a test in my whole  entire  life 
sat ----> complete!  smile 
worst day  of  my  life 
is  a  s e n i o r  say whaaaattt?!?  smile 
high school musical 3 is on next  not gonna lie   i'm pretty excited!
i love cops  i could watch it all day  smile 
i know the weather did not just interrupt american idol!
i just love it when my car alarm goes off while i'm at the gas station and i don't know how to make it stop   
working 11-4 thennn off to <propfemale>'s  smile 
i'm burnt  go figure   annoyed 
<propmale> cutshaw is the best brother ever!!!!
"working 5-10, blahh i just wanna sleeeeeeeeep  annoyed "
i can't even e playful lain how annoyed i am at this very moment 
"new car, yayy!  smile "
plan for the day was to sleep allllll day ----> mission accomplished   smile 
"i swear, i love my life "
i've sat and watched law & order all day  i have no life 
well today completely sucked buuuuuutttt i got my caaaarrr  smile  i think its bed time 
"if i fall, can ya let me down easy? if i leave my heart with you tonight, can ya promise me that you're gonna treat it right?  love   love "
svu marathon till ten  get excited 
i'm in love with <propfirst> <propmale>   love 
it's florida time 
"let the sunburns, sunsets, and swimming everyday begin  smile "
shopping  love 
i'm buuuuurntttt   annoyed  oooouuuchhh 
"yes, i'm watching the <propfirst> bieber movie and i am now one of those crazy teenage girls who's in love with him "
about to walk to the shake shop  love 
today was a goooood day  smile 
i  love  soccer 
"\remember when i was young and so were you and time stood still and love was all we knew\""  love """
the end of high school musical 3 gets me every time 
live  laugh  love   love 
"last day in florida  volleyball on the beach, then going out to eat with the whole gang  smile "
heading home  i cannot wait 
i love spending the whole entire day with my best friend <propfemale>  smile 
"i don't know if i'll make it but watch how good i'll fake it  it's alright, alright, tonight, tonight   love "
"this is a joke, right? omg "
"like a <propfemale>, trampled on the ground, you took the fall and thought of me, above all  love "
i just love not having air conditioning in my car on days like today   
"to you, everything's funny, you got nothing to regret  i'd give all i have <propfemale>, if you could stay like that   love "
i'm determined to make today a good day   smile 
"\the lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you  do not be afraid; do not be discouraged \"" deuteronomy 31:8"""
i wanna go see <propfirst> swift   annoyed 
"work till four, then off to <propfemale>'s  smile "
got two shots today and didn't even cry   i'm growing up!  smile 
i just won a trip to the bahamas  whooo!
"he's everything you want, he's everything you need, he's everything inside of you that you wish you could be  he says all the right things at exactly the right time, but he means nothing to you and you don't know why   love "
hmmm    i'm thinking i'm pretty screwed for this ap lit thing    
"friday night and the <propfemale> is high, i'm wide awake just watchin' you sleep  and i promise you you're gonna have more than just the things that you need  we ain't got much now, we're just starting out, but i know somehow paradise is coming   love "
i debated whether or not i should do this but     truth is   ?
6 more daaaayyysss  smile 
"dear <propfirst> <propmale>, \marry me? \love, me  smile "
"i've never been so wrapped up, <propfemale> i like the way you're everything i ever wanted "
filling out my first college application  ohh my goshh   
who's excited for her massage tomorrow?! this girl 
is eighteen  smile  i'm not sure how i feel about this   
got my <propfirst> bieber folder  i'm ready for senior year   smile 
working on ap lit all day  whoo!
"\so tell me what i gotta do to win you over \""  love """
all the bachelorette ever does to me is make me mad  why do i watch it? i'll marry you <propmale> 
forever can never be long enough for me to feel like i've had long enough with you   love 
what am i doing for my last 3 days of summer?! working working working allllll day 
i don't like driving on dark scary country roads at night     annoyed 
i'm so sick of rude people 
playing tennis with my cousin in skinny jeans and flats = bad idea 
"what a stressful first day, now working till 9 "
today was the fifth day of school and i'm already wiped out  this year is killin' me 
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
"today will consist of laundry, cleaning my room, writing this speech and finishing my awful homework, law & order, and chocolate  smile "
"when everything is falling apart, you will be safe in his arms   love "
my life is one big crazy roller coaster! i don't know what to do!
"just love them like jesus, <propfemale> them to him  his yoke is easy, his burden is light  you don't need the answers to all of life's questions, just know that he loves them and stay by their side  love them like jesus   love "
"love is the arms that are holding you, love never fails you   love "
"i swear, i think i hate every single one of my classes this year "
i don't think i'm capable of handling this much stress  i'm gonna e playful lode 
and you've gotta smile that'll light up this whole town   love 
my whole world is caving in but i feel you now more than i did then 
i'm ready to graduate  right  now 
"\you make my heart beat faster \""  love """
its pretty sad that i am just now realising how funny the office truly is 
i'm ten weeks and i'm craving smarties!  smile 
"dear braces, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me  love, me  smile "
somehow i found a way to get lost in you  love 
i'm not sure how i feel about this whole school thing tomorrow   
i'm going to apologize in advance to anyone who has to listen to my speech tomorrow  it's not gonna be good    
it's gonna be a gooooooood weekend!  smile 
that was a joke 
i'm one happy camper!  smile 
"i will not boast in anything; no gifts, no power, no wisdom  but i will boast in jesus christ, his death and resurrection   love "
first day of the whole entire school year that i have no homework   what's going on?!?
"just when i feel this crazy world is gonna bring me down, that's when your smile comes around   love "
gettting my wisdom teeth out ------> worst and also the weirdest e playful erience of  my  life   annoyed  booo 
"\someday i'll find a way to show you just how lucky i am to know you \""  love """
i feel like complete crap  awesome 
"when it rains, it pours "
every little thing is gonna be alright  smile 
senior year is exactly what i e playful ected  stressful  i can't wait for this to end 
i hate ap lit  so  much 
getting a twitter was a terrible terrible idea   
my poor car is broken  sad  booo!
this has been a terrible day  annoyed 
"\you can be the rain from the cloud when it's storming or you can be the sun when it shines in the morning \""  love """
i hate how one can of pringles lasts about five minutes in this house   how annoying 
i cannot wait to see noa iiboshi today!!  laugh 
its sad how someone can go from meaning everything to you to meaning absolutely nothing at all 
"keep your dumb drama to yourself, please "
i hate how i can be so determined to get all my homework done when i get home while driving and then right when i get home it all just goes away 
i really don't think i have ever hated anything more than i hate pre-calc right now 
it's funny how just missing one day of school can make me so happy and excited 
c e d a r p o i n t !  laugh 
i hate square pizza 
people amaze me by the crap they try to pull off 
may 20th will be the happiest day of my life 
happiness is celebrating the little things   love 
i wish colleges wouldn't take five years to tell me if i'm accepted or not  then maybe i could actually be happy for other people when they get accepted 
i will never be too old to trick or treat 
got accepted to <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!
is one happppppy camper!  smile 
i love me some cookie cake 
is so annoyyyyedd 
every time i see a leaf blow across the road while i'm driving i think it's some sort of animal 
i hope i wake up tomorrow and it's a winter wonderland 
"theres not one guy who i dont look back on and think to myself \what the heck was i thinking?\""    """
i'm so ready for black friday 
i feel like it should be midnight right now    i want to go to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
i'm so pumped to go to sleep tonight 
