7d6f1347dc219882e45e7bbd35b0bb90
is searching for a weekend getaway location for her 10th wedding anniversary next weekend 
i think my new year's resolution will be not to procrastinate but i i will wait until tomorrow to start 
went to stone mountain last night for a cookout with <propmale>'s co-workers   it was great   we closed the park down at 11 smile 0pm!
i got to wake up to my beautiful stainless steel frige dying this morning   its now unplugged so i might get another hour sleep now   looks like the raost pork is ready to go in the slow cooker early!
travelling to florida tomorrow for the 20 year high school reunion!  do you find yourself saying more often that you are starting to feel old?
i have had a great time catching up last night and today at the reunion activities   tonight is the last event and then heading back to atlanta tomorrow 
just got back to atlanta from the reunion weekend   had a great time!  have to go unpack so i can pack again   leaving tomorrow for toronto for for a few days for work 
in toronto!  finally arrived last night at 1am in the morning after 4 hour delay and 5 gate changes at the airport 
is spending time on facebaook while the husband mows the lawn  smile 
just got back from a stroll around <propfemale> square   it is a wonderful night out here in <propfemale> 
really could use one more day before going back to work tomorrow 
is off to buy a birthday present for the next door neighbor 
"is pretty bumped out   getting the \unable to start\"" message on the home computer and have tried for 4 days to fix it """
is catching up on some housework today while <propmale> is in florida visiting family the next few days 
"is watching \you don't mess with the zohan\""   i make you silky smooth """
"is trying to decide to paint this weekend or not   i know, that sounds exciting "
it is the end of a long week   haven't been on facebook for about 5 days!  glad to cathc up with everyone once again 
"is wasting time on facebook quizzes   so far i have been called a bitch, compared to <propfemale> hudson in how to lose a guy in 10 days, my stripper name is glitzhshimmer and my random email suggestion was smelly legs 37   i need to find a quiz that lifts my spi"
working from home today   on a facebook break   now back to work   
51 mpgs this week on the honda insight   woo hoo!
is waiting on chinese food to arrive   quiet night at home   <propmale> and i are going to watch a movie 
my mother arrives tomorrow for a 10 day visit   she is coming up from florida   any suggestions?
went to nashville wed thurs  stayed at the opryland hotel and toured opry land theatre   it was great 
off to cherokee nc tomorrow morning for the weekend   going to harrah's to see if we can win any money!  mama needs a new pair of shoes 
"in cherokee nc, my mother won $3,200 at harrahs yesterday in about 1 5 hours   i don't know how she does it!  mama's going to get a new pair of shoes "
is watching monday night football   not a fan of pre-season games but checking out my fantasy drafts to see how they are doing 
is wondering if anyone has ever thought that nature is trying to eradicate humans?
"has to go pack  off to north <propfemale> tomorrow  a few days furniture shopping then off to hot springs spa (north of asheville)  a cabin in the smokey mountains, no tv, no phone, for three days  aaaahhhhhh "
"is in nc   bought some furniture  i'm sick, <propmale> is sick   we are pushing through and going to the apple festival in hendersonville today "
heading to the apple festival today in henersonville nc (didn't make it yesterday 
"watching fox pre-game show, reviewing my fantasy football picks, ready to watch atlanta falcons, gators won yesterday   football good "
"it's great to be 1-0 in fantasy football   but then again, half the people that play are now 1-0 "
new furniture was deleivered today!
go gators!
"staying in middle ga tonight, driving back from florida   wow, there is nothing out here "
"bowling tomorrow   last week i got a 175, all time best!"
made homemade beef jerky   yum!
gators rule!  why did lsu think they could have won last night when they don't have an offense?
in daytona for the weekend   go gators!  it was a scare but they prevailed   it goes in the win column 
just got back into atlanta   long drive 
"almost burned down the house tonight, literally!  in my attempt to make french fries, the oil got too hot and over flowed on a gas stove   quick thinking, i managed to shut off the gas, possibly 1 second away from kaboom   oops   <propmale> cleaned up the mess  smile "
joined a gym   worked out last night and tonight   yeah me 
getting ready to watch the game   go gators!
"drinking coffee, making fantasy football picks, the sun is shining   its a good morning "
is going to clearwater for the weekend 
"really debating to cut my hair shoulder length!  i need your help to decide   that means about 10 inches would gone, gone forever, never to be able to be attached again   well, until it grows back   thoughts?"
is patiently awaiting the potential snow fall in the morning 
good workout at the gym tonight 
<propmale> baked an apple pie today   how nice 
made it to the gym today   yeah me 
got a 279 in wii bowling!
is drinking coffee in her new eco mug 
1 1 11
go gators!  we will miss you urban 
is making home made beef jerky   yum!
schwann's lady came and made a delivery 
finally a few snow sprinkles in atlanta   just enough to say aaawwwwhhhh 
"is bummed   can't leave the house due to ice on the road so no weekend getaway for our 10th anniversary   attempted to drive out of the neighborhood and couldn't make it and had to turn around   we didn't want the headlines tomorrow to read \stupid people trying to drive on ice crash\"""""
packing for a st  <propfirst> trip this weekend 
<propmale>'s son and wife (<propmale>n and <propfemale>) welcomed a new baby into the world early today!  <propmale>n <propfirst> stone was born 0237 tokyo time on the 24th   he was 9lbs  1oz  and 20 1 4in long 
is off to chicago on tuesday for the week 
"just arrived back in atlanta   had a great trip to chicago, even though it was 5 degrees this morning "
crazy monday 
is back from a restful vacation 
is relaxing today 
has too many things to do   having trouble prioritizing 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
warning:  atlanta will be closed tomorrow due to a <propmale> of snow 
how you doin'?
"anyone seen the new \telephone\"" video from lady gaga?  what do you think?"""
just got back from getting my hair cut   it actually has some style to it now 
why does packing take me so long?
"flight to <propmale> $250, 2 night hotel stay at disney boardwalk inn $350, meals, e playful enses and park entrance fees $200, having your company pick up the tab because it is a \company meeting\"" priceless   in <propmale> this week for 3 days   woe is me """
"had a great time in <propmale> at disney's boardwalk for my company meeting   now back to reality   well almost, i have to drive back to atlanta tomorrow "
got to tour the disney utilidor!  fascinating to see the underground and behind the scenes for disney and epcot 
home sweet home 
good morning 
spring arrived in atlanta today!
can't believe syracuse lost   there goes my braket 
"why do people say \5 minutes\"" when you are waiting when they really mean 35 minutes?"""
"headed out to the <propfemale> <propfemale> festival in macon, ga today   they say to have over 300,000 trees which is the most in the world   hope to get some great pics!"
has new neighbors moving in across the street 
"just got back from the atlanta thrashers game   suite tickets, free beer   nice "
back from toronto and niagra falls   back to toronto on monday    
need duke to make it it the championship game so my bracket can stay alive!
"back from toronto, again "
had a great day 
had another great day!
great sleep is when you wake up at 6 smile 0 on a saturday and are actually able to fall back to sleep for 3 hours   aaahhhh 
just had dinner outside on the deck   great weather in atlanta today 
drinks and fun at pappasito's tonight   great approach to the weekend  smile 
is packing for chicago trip this week   
just getting home from chicago  love flying out of that city at night to see the city lights 
way to go tebow   pick #25!
"enjoyed the taste of <propfemale> festival today   great day, perfect weather "
making brownies for my team 
"watched the sun rise today on my flight from atlanta to chicago then watched the sunset on my way back from chicago  yeah, a long day "
fun team meeting at the atlanta botanical gardens at piedmont park today 
is chillin
made it to the bowling championship next week!  it's #1 against #2   let's go!
makin' coffee   havin' coffee talk   coffee-rama 
won the bowling championship today!!!  woo hoo   
just got back from working out at the gym   yeah me 
actually getting things done today rather than just thinking about it 
59 mpgs today   go honda insight!
good morning 
"packing for a trip to south <propfemale>   go to be there all week to see mt  rushmore, crazy horse, the badlands, <propfirst> cave, and stugis   i'll just call it my national parks tour "
go usa!  awesome last minute goal!
"it's over!!  68-70, isner!"
lost my car key at work   had to hitch a ride home   what does the magic 8 ball say about finding it tomorrow?
he's going to miami heat     
a <propfirst> adams just capped off my day 
was a victim of heat exhaustion last night   it wasn't fun 
"making chili for a chili cook-off   thought i would add actual chili peppers but now realize that i really don't know how to do that   chili pepper guts are now all over the kitchen and everything i touch burns, my hands, my forehead, my lips, everything "
"amazing day to share with you!!!  so in the chili cook-off at work, i won 1st place out of 14 participants   the amazing part is to see the ceo and cfo of coca-cola enterprises actual do the judging and award you the blue ribbon!!  great moment "
is off to boston until tuesday for a forecasting conference 
is having the best week ever 
my vote is for miss mexico
just got back from the fox theatre (i was a first timer)   it was a fun e playful erience that was preceeded by a dinner at melting pot   yum!
"just got home after walking a 5k after work (i like the sound of that versus saying 3 1 <propmale>, it sounds more impressive) "
's ipod shuffle stopped working  sad 
gator party at the ale house in alpharetta today at 4pm   woo hoo!
so excited!  just won florida georgia football tickets for oct 30th in jax!!  it will be my first time to the largest outdoor cocktail party!
"in asheville, nc for the apple festival and then off to hot springs, nc tomorrow for two days   no tv, no phones, no computer   ahhhhh rest      "
50 4 mpgs on our nc trip!  665 <propmale>   go honda insight!
go gators!  (sorry tampa crew)
"looking forward to my first ever 5k event tomorrow afternoon in downtown atlanta   about 15,000 people are participating   wish me luck "
heading out to st  andrews bar in buckhead this afternoon to watch the gators chomp on vols   go gators    
getting ready to watch fox pre-game show to finalize my fantasy pics!
at summit's wayside tavern watching the game   go gators!
"listening to soft rain, drinking coffee with my husband, aaaahhh sunday morning "
"<propfirst> lohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that gave their lives this week, no media mention  honor them by reposting "
i'm coming to clearwater for the weekend!  on the road thursday 
got high score in one of my fantasy football leagues over the weekend but have to work on the win column (2-2) 
making my award winning chili to bring into work tomorrow for my team  smile 
going to east andrews bar in buckhead tonight for the gator game   anyone want to join me?
so what were you doing at 10 10 10 10:10:10 this morning?
off to miami on monday    
is attending the executive women of goizetta conference in buckhead on friday 
is enjoying good <propfemale> 
going to the highlands pub to watch the florida game   go gators!  we need a win 
"for you longaberger basket fans out there, i am attending a longaberger event tomorrow night here in atlanta and <propfemale> longaerger will be attending!  should be fun    "
is anyone using tweetdeck?  i just installed it so in the learning stage 
<propfirst> <propmale> (#aplusk live at http annoyed  ustre am 2eoa )
is getting ready to go to a girls night out party in buckhead   fun!
is cooking salmon that a friend caught in alaska   can't wait to try it 
is at the florida <propfemale> classis this weekend enjoying the largest outdoor cocktail party!
my mother is flying into town tomorrow for a week long visit in atlanta 
lunch at murphy's in <propfemale> highlands today   what a great place 
has tickets to the opening night of cirque du soleil's ovo tonight in atlanta 
is enjoying a vacation day!
watching the gator's game at east andrews in buckhead today   go gators!
what are you doing with your extra hour today?
is going to have dim sum for lunch today!  i have never had it in atlanta before so i will be comparing it to san <propfirst>   let's see how it compares 
had a great day and will be in the bowling championship game at work next friday!
off to east andrews in buckhead to cheer on the gators   let's make it to the sec championship game!
in daytona beach enjoying the warm weather   
in clearwater for the next few days   the hard rock casino is on the schedule today!
finally back in atl after a 10 hour drive   xm is a great companion  smile 
in need of motivation after a week long break   what motivates you?
home alone today   what to do   
"snow flurries this morning   they were small,  there were few, but i saw them!"
do ever wonder how much time and resources could be saved if people would just stop and listen and then actually understand what you are saying?
making peanut butter cookies tonight to pay off all my favor requests at work this week  smile 
had a great time tonight    
fantasy football line-ups are set for the first week of playoffs   let's hope there will be a second week of playoffs for my team  smile 
anxiously awaiting the <propmale> of snow 
"yummy sushi lunch today, oh and with good company  smile "
so glad to be home!!  2 hour drive home from work on icy roads that no one e playful ected   lost control of the car several times and it took 10 minutes to get to the house once in my neighborhood   there will be about 100+ accidents in atlanta tonight   be safe 
"finally met a beer i didn't like   it was an ipa that a \brewer for the day\"" at sweetwater created and they served it tonight at summits   had to follow it with one of my favorites     yuengling """
coffee talk
can i borrow two extra hands for the next few days?
waiting on my second wind so i can get through the week   
all i want for christimas is      
<propfemale> christmas   i hope <propfemale> is working his way back to atl to bring a little snow 
"my first christmas dinner that i ever had to make (believe it or not), thought it was a success   now time for wine and relaxing "
"it has taken 4 days, but my cold has finally arrived in full force  sad "
<propfirst> webb is going to get killed tonight!  don't know who that is?  exactly my point 
"when i picked up my pizza at papa johns tonight, the guy behind the counter said \i think you are very pretty\""   hmmmm   i thought that was odd to say   i guess i know where to go if i ever need a pick-me-up  smile """
"if anyone would like 4 tickets to east andrews bash tonight in buckhead, let me know   i have 4 tickets waiting at the door that you can have!"
so happy to have one more day before going back to work!  my mother is visiting for one final day and then flying back to florida tuesday morning 
it is finally here in full force   no snow an hour ago and now an inch already and coming down fast   love it!
"ice now covering the driveway   as you stomp through the snow ice on the lawn, the sheet of ice on the lawn makes about a 6 foot crack   not sure when this will melt but fun to watch "
wanted to let everyone know <propmale> had shoulder surgery yesterday to repair his rotator cuff (3rd time around)   he is doing fine but in some pain   4-6 week recovery time 
"spam alert:  if you see a post that states \my total facebook views are: 5714\"" i believe this is spam since i have seen it posted by three friends including myself (?)   i would not suggest to click on the link """
really wish i could get some sleep   
risk of the day:  calling packers and jets to be victorious
fun time at <propmale> & busters tonight with the team 
just checked in at home    woohoo!
coffee talk
"it is saturday, right?  feels like a work from home day  sad "
mmm   chai tea to finally relax for a few minutes to end the weekend 
what a fun play to end the pro bowl game   you go <propmale>!
rain and traffic  a perfect monday morning 
what is <propmale>'s forecast accuracy?
"one more work day, then a week vacation!  i have earned this one "
wtg gators!
gorgeous <propfemale> out tonight 
i am going to make today a great day 
it's here   now what 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes   the big one is finally here   i have to make it a great year not just a great day  smile 
just got back from a massage   i think this will be my new monthly routine  smile 
just got back from the gym  smile 
did everyone have a great day?
my husband's son <propfirst> lives north of tokyo with his wife and four children   we have not yet heard anything form them so i hope they are safe 
"just now received word from <propfirst> and <propfemale> in japan   they are ok and just now received power   ironically, the people closest to the disaster with no power the last 24+ hours are the ones that have no idea what just happened   so glad to hear from hear from them!"
spring has arrived in atlanta   what to do first today    
 sad 
relaxed  smile    just got back from a massage 
the dogwoods are in bloom in atlanta 
no power this morning 
heading to the dogwood festival  smile 
the dry cleaners turned my favorite white <propmale> <propfirst> sweater into a lovely shade of pink   nice  sad 
"met the \cake boss\"" today and had a yummy piece of a 6 foot tall coca-cola bottle cake he made for the shareholders meetings celebrating 125 years """
having a maredsous  smile 
on <propfemale> for the first time   heading downtown atlanta to the coca-cola 125th birthday celebration 
