689d9b38ff9e9e852443a22c9bcea620
ok so dj hero maybe the most amazing the ever created since sliced bread   
"happy new year to all of you i wanted to see last night but couldnt! lets hope for a great new decade! now im going back to bed, because i have work this evening"
"give your immortality to me, ill set you up against the stars!"
"packing to leave tomorrow for seattle, and <propfemale>, i love it up there"
"is in canada so sorry i have not responded to anyones texts, i have my phone off and cannot receive them for the moment"
"back from <propfemale>, god it was good to sleep in my bed "
great friends+ great music+ free rockstar+ great mosh pits = one hell of an amazing night   the only thing that could have made it better was if <propmale> could have come! mayhem is fantastic!
"ug, still need a job   well off to another job interview  "
college starts in exactly 2 weeks    wow 
hates vista and the absurd amount of ram it uses   lets hope windows 7 is better then this   
"life is too short , so love the one you got, cuz you might get run over, or you might get    shot "
"cuz, you had my heart, at least for the most part ’cause everybody's gotta die sometime, we fell apart"
"jesus, college in less then a week    "
"wow    first night in a long time where i am not doing anything   kinda nice   but im not sure what to do   maybe i will get a new book, any suggestions people??"
first day of college starts tomorrow    means i should go to sleep soon    meh    
so   first day of college is over   and as a freshmen at ppcc for a year instead of going straight to <propmale> and wales   well most of the people there are tools and losers    seems strangely like highschool part 2!
"is reading his accounting book   and watching the dark knight, amazing movie    what they tie into each other   err   sort of "
just had an extremely intellectual and deep conversation for over an hour with my good friend anthony     such are hard to find now a days with closed minded idiots roaming about 
community college    its like highschool with ashtrays!    man i cant wait to transfer out to <propmale> and wales university  lol
<propmale>!   got us a <propmale> here wants to die for country   oblige him 
"when i die, a thousand people will mourn, and a million others will cheer "
"my phone is at the moment screwed, so catch me here if you need something, or call my home phone       i have not had it since yesterday so i am sorry if i did not respond to a text "
"phone is working again   and im not going to respond to like the 25 texts i got, so if it is imporant text it again   "
"women should not be involved in politics, its a waste of beauty "
"i wish i could go back, i wish that moment i could redeem, but nothing lasts forever, especially a dream"
"lol, k so me and my <propmale> <propfirst> made red <propfemale> cake, and its freaking amazing!!    now were bored    what to do?"
"and im burnin, im burnin, im burnin for you!"
is studying for his psych test tomorrow   uggg is sooo boring 
"ok so weirdest dream of my life last night, involved static shock(the super hero), iron man, a giant, a flood, the guy from the movie 9, a desert, ruffies, a black man, and some chick who ended up in my car but i dont know who she is   i challenge any psychiatrist to tell me what it means!"
hell yes its snowing! and freezing! this is my weather!    but mother nature better not skip fall! i will be pissed i love that time of year 
=o new season of house starts tonight!
has an econ paper due tomorrow   has not even started    and first draft of psych term paper due thursday    again not started   hurraaayy!!!    - -
just finished his term paper for psych   well the first draft anyway   still a good feeling 
is psyched seraina is back in town! and just got done haning with her and <propfirst>!  smile 
"so, awesome weekend so far   camping trip with some of my best friends including seraina  laugh  oh and i also got hired at borriello brothers  smile  so far <propfemale> good!!"
"ok    so yesterday i got a job offer from borriello brothers new york pizzaria, and today i got a job offer from culvers    wtf, where were these jobs earlier in the summer lol   so guys any input on which one i should choose?"
hell yeah!!!! broncos are 5-0!!!!!!
"i decided to copy <propmale> and also watch pulp fiction, damn this is a good movie "
"=o forgot my phone at home, so sorry i wont get right back to you"
"death be not proud, though some have called thee mighty and dreadful, for thou <propmale> not so   "
is reading the book twilight    seriously    there are just too many things to bag on in a face book status   
is almost finished with twilight   i hated it and i hate all you people who liked it   ok  i may not be that extreme but i do challenge you to read the vampire chronicles by <propfemale> rice    that is a vampire book
"so paranormal activity in the spirit of halloween? has the potential to be scary as hell, anyone seen it yet?"
"mmmm life i never as it seems, you finally think you have something figured out and then it shifts and changes   mmm   life is a bitch indeed "
   looonnnngg weekend    and its not even over yet   shesh   
so im glad i got off work early  laugh     cuz i really needed extra time to do this term paper due tomorrow    =[
is finally done with his psych term paper that is due tomorrow  laugh 
"man im glad i dont have to work today, driving around all night would suck "
ok    soo      this psych project is going to be half faked half assed half baked     and almost 100 percent bullshit    seems fiting of a psychology project  smile 
"uggh, why are there no good concerts coming up? anyone know of one that i may have missed hearing about?"
mmmm econ project due tomorrow  laugh    
"so i was a bit let down with paranormal activity, it was a good movie i guess, but i wanted something scarier  annoyed \"
mmmm just one of those nights where nothing seems to go right    wheres a bottle of vodka when you need it?
you had my heart! atleast for the most part 
so i have a 6 <propfemale> econ paper due tomorrow     half a <propfemale> done  laugh      d=    
"i can tell you taste like the sky, cause you look like rain,"
all i have for homework is one accounting problem  laugh    one 15 <propfemale> accounting problem    that i have been working on for 3 hours    and will continue to late into the night     
mmmm i dont particularly want to deliver pizzas tonight in this weather   annoyed \
"when i die hundreds will mourn, and thousands more will shout for joy "
wtf   i am the last person on facebook   this never happens   laaame   now i have no one to talk to while writting this huge paper 
stayed up till 3 doing a 5 <propfemale> researched argumentitive essay for english   and he decided not to make it due today   
what do you despise? by this you are truely known 
"no school, and no work for the next 2 days  laugh  finally a little free time"
"mmm just woke up, and about to go work out   then go to work   not a bad day i guess lol "
mmm econ final and philosophy test today  laugh    ugghh    o well atleast they will be out of the way
hahaha that was an awesome ending to house 
grr   i want to shoot something    i wish rampart shooting range was still open > annoyed \
91 bucks in tips in 5 hours   new best  smile  god i love my job
"if your body matches what your eyes can do, you'll problem move right through me on my way to you "
"mmmm working 4-11 tonight, then waking up the next morning and working from 10am-11pm   not how i really wanted to spend my first weekend of christmas break    o well cest la vie"
"well im hot blooded! check it and see, i got a fever of a hundred and 3 "
yeeaaaahh broncos stomped the chiefs!!
"life is a journey that all are so eager to go on, death is merely a journey yet all fear and loath it  why?"
"mmm slept till one, now its time to work out, then do my 6 <propfemale> world view paper, not a bad day i guess  smile "
*sigh*  annoyed \
"for all you people who keep sending me farmville shit, stop  my friend added it so he could use me as a neighbor, i will add you as a neighbor but that is it, i will never touch the damn thing "
"uggghh i need a fight, i need to feel my enemy break under my fists, and i need to feel my blood flow from open wounds "
"if i happen to call you a true friend you know ill spot you when your short, fight for you when your in trouble, cry with you when your down, die for you if i can, i will be there for you when ever you need "
"sigh, i love not being able to sleep at 2 30   ima go take like 5 antihistimines to knock me out "
"just woke up, time to hit they gym, and then go to work, sounds like a pretty good day    oh and all you people getting back in the springs from college and military, you better hit me up, 321 4766, text me if its after 4, i will be working "
"hey, cool stuff    phone got knocked into hottub and now its screwed   dont text me till i say otherwise"
phone is magically working again so yes now i am getting the texts  smile  lol it seems you people dont understand me when i say i cant get texts
mery christmas eve!!    i guess that means i should finish my christmas shopping huh?
"dont ever, ever, presume to guess what i am thinking, you are most likely wrong "
<propfemale> christmas!!
"if wishes were fishes, everyone would cast nets "
"who wants to wake up? who wants to lose it? who wants to live in this place? i don't, so ill be sleeping in "
ugghh    tonight was just waaay to long    o well tomorrow i dont have to work and its payday  laugh 
"alright so the new year is starting off well, awesome night last lol, and looking forward to seeing some old friends soon that i have been sorely missing, unfortunately others are leaving again, stay safe <propmale> and semper fi "
its ironic when the mind is being optimistic and the heart is pessimistic    usually the heart hopes against hope while the mind shoots it down   amusing 
"hmm that was the longest strangest, by far the most epic zombie dream i have ever had    o o"
" annoyed  yes i will answer any question you have for me honestly, but dont ask questions you dont want the answer to   "
well this was a good start to the new semester   good day  smile 
"mmm work tonight thorougly kicked my ass, but other than that it was a great day"
"sigh, long day, me thinkgs it sleeping time now   maybe"
"had a great night chillen with mah g <propmale>, whom i have not seen for last however many months hes been in <propfemale> basics,      semper fi     like a bosss  laugh "
cant wait to relieve some stress anger at the shooting range with my <propmale> <propmale> tomorrow      should be a good day   e
"had a great day blowing through a few hundred rounds of ammo with <propmale>, and blowing through some stress and anger, i love the feeling of constant kick when you unload 30 rounds from an m4 in about 7 seconds    "
is itching for a fight
"absolutely hates the new facebook lay out, what were those idiots thinking?"
thank all you guys for the birthday wishes!
i had a great start to the day   figures it could only go down hill from there 
"awesome day hanging with friends at corys' barbecue, unfortunetely my night was its complete opposite and absolutely aweful"
i had forgotten how good it feels to just cruise i-25 for a couple hours while blasting your favorite songs
"just got home from a frantic night at work, now its time to relax the best way i know how   by melting my face off with the most brutal metal i can find   "
"theres an evil feeling in our brains, but its nothing new, you know it drives us insane!"
happy zombie jesus day guys!
im seriously considering joining the <propfemale> corp 
"is leaning more and more towards the united states <propfemale> corp    with a year of college under my belt i go in as either an e2 or 3 and since i would go in with a <propmale> thats another stripe plus 5k extra bonus, so id start as atleast a <propmale> corporal  also i would most likely make the gi <propmale> and they would pay for my college after i got out if i didnt become an officer    sooooo yeeaahhh    ooorraahhh"
"to save my soul from disaster, self destruction could be the answer "
"whats with complete strangers adding me on facebook, if i dont know you then i dont want to know you "
"peace is for the dead, pain is a priveledge only for the living "
i keep seeing movement out of the corner of my eye   and considering everyone else in the house is asleep i am either insane or in the middle of a horror movie and about to be murdered   lets find out 
working out on a day where you have a paper to write at night is not the best idea   
12-15 <propfemale> paper due tomorrow followed by my final in chemistry    awesome
"well my 15 <propfemale> paper is done, now time to study for my chemistry final thats tomorrow as well "
"alright, time to study my brains out for my soc final!"
"i did well on all my finals, now that i have plenty of free time i can dedicate that to getting into even better shape for the <propfemale> corp, ive gotten in far better shape then i was at the end of last summer but i need to do even better if im going to shoot for force recon "
soooo wtf do i do with all this free time??
off to get my wisdom teeth out!
uuhh   hax?
awesome night hanging with 2 of my best friends mykel <propmale> and <propmale> parry
so far this summer is going great!
"say \thug aim\"" 5 times fast    u know what it means   """
just got my ticket to rockstars uproar featuring a7x and disturbed and next pay check ima buy my mayhem tickets    is gunna be a hell of a summer for concerts    
woah   wait   what? its a friday night and i dont have anything planned?   cool
twilight   the story of a girl who cant make the decision between necrophilia and beastiality   
"sooooo    meps has found me medically disqualified from the united states armed forces  due to systematic allergic reactions        fuck them, and fml!"
soooo wtf up with like no one going to mayhem festival this year?
"soooo mayhem was brutal, 5fdp great, lamb of god great    thoooouugghh <propmale> zombie and the degenerate red necks with the \show me your boobs\"" signs could have been left out    inbred pigs """
"chillen with my boy <propfirst>, watching <propfirst> seagal movies   laugh "
"dear god, the only thing i ask of you is hold her when im not around, when im much to far away   "
"so just found out my 2 army buddies are back in town at the same time for a while, gunna raise some hell with em, even if they are just soldiers =p, but seriously thanks for serving and protecting our countrys xander and <propfirst>, i only wish i could join "
looking forward to working about 60 hours a week for a couple weeks    least ill make bank 
"im sick of following my dreams, im just going to ask where they are going to meet them there later "
well my manager <propfirst> still didnt have the balls to fire me
"great night kicken it with arienne tonight, havnt seen her in more then a year "
well i planned on spending the afternoon relaxing getting ready for 12 hour work days all week    and then had to stay 5 hours past when i was supposed to get off   wonderful start to a wonderful week  annoyed    least ill make bank
"whoever appeals to the law against his fellow man is either a fool or a coward  whoever cannot take care of himself without that law is both  for a wounded man shall say to hiss assailent, if i live i shall kill you, and if i die you are forgivin, such are the rules of honor"
"so going to talk to my recruiter tomorrow in a final effort to join the <propfemale> corp by becoming an officer, if this fails im screwed, as well as going into talk to a navy recruiter with my <propmale> <propfirst> about seal opportunities and then going to work out for the first time this week   screw 12 hour work days "
awesome night   car broke down in front of 7-11 and had to hit up a friend at 1 at night to give me and my friend a ride home    annoyed 
sooo radiator broke    goodyear quoted us about 1100 for that and a tune up    oorrr   i can buy a radiator for about 140 and install it myself    yeeaaahhhh    
ok so <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world was freaken amazing!
and the storm will sweep us up and we will ride the heart pumping breath stopping thrills of the twister and i will be beaten into the ground and left behind in this now barren wasteland 
just made some giant bomb tasting elk burgers with my boy <propfirst> 
30 minutes away from my first class this semester and im already sick of school and missing all my free time  laugh 
its looking like classes are going to be easy as hell this semester   good   maybe ill be able to figure out what i want to be other than a marine   orah     annoyed 
just spent 5 hours digging a 6 foot deep hole looking for a non-existent leak in a wall   oh well atleast i got my work out for the day 
"freaken awesome night, abooka hooka has a live dj on fridays and he can do some sick house and some freaken flithy dub, honestly ima be there every friday night "
   burn outs suck   oh well atleast they are shorter?
"so <propfirst> and i are thinking camping trip with in the next 3 or 4 weeks on a friday, hit me up if your down"
"hey sick dj at abooka hooka, damn good at dub, house and trance, if your into that shit, show up and show the love, if your not? show up and get into it! be there people!"
cant wait till <propmale> gets back in the springs!
"phone is acting up, sorry if i dont respond right away   or at all"
hey guys wanna see something cool?    
"its 9 11 as well as the last day one of my closest and best friends <propmale>, a <propfemale>, is in town, i just got finished hanging out with him and wont see him for who knows how long, <propfemale> corp     not very flexible, my friend i am going to miss you but your a damn good <propfemale> and its an honor to have you as my friend   "
"ahhhh hell yeah, uproar festival tomorrow! cant wait!"
"so uproar was really good last night, it sucked till a7x took the stage and then they stole the show, i felt bad for disturbed having to follow them, though disturbed was good as well, avenged was just amazing"
huh   im kinda burnt out on everything   
"i swear to god if i had a psychiatrist analyze my dreams, they would most likely put me in an insane asylum"
"so today was filled with multiple minor annoyances, lack of time for food, having to redo a day and a halfs worth of windows at my work, car battery dying    and its all made up for by another job falling into my lap  laugh "
huh i didnt know being an ass was a requirement for the colorado springs police department    guess it e playful lains all the crap they pull out of no where 
uggh thank god tomorrow is friday
"stand down, place your weapons by your side it's our war, in the end we'll surely lose but that's alright"
<insert generic status update that no one really cares about>
i hate being bored!!! thats when i commit crimes!!
good weekend   one word   vortex    a few of you know what that means lol
"thank you, for making a living from dodging bullets, for facing death, thank you for serving this country in the most respectable and important way possible thank you xander for going through combat and coming back alive, thank you <propfirst> for being in combat as i type this, and thank you <propmale> for willingly training and awaiting combat, i love you guys and miss you like hell, stay safe, semper fi and hooaah"
"as day fades to night and the flame ceases to burn and all turns to cold, so must all good things end "
"the cold is back and the heat is gone, my vision goes black and the deed is done, its been far too long since ive felt this way, im welcoming it back for as long as it will stay, through my veins runs ice, and i shall throw the dice, and dance with <propfirst> of the shadows    welcome back <propfirst> > smile  for those who loved me this way enjoy it, for those who didnt, well ill enjoy it all the more "
looking for a new car   
"no, check, creatine, check, bicep tear finally healed    well we shall see, time to finally hit the gym again!  laugh "
"alright  smile  its looks like my torn bicep is fully healed, didnt tear it any more while working out this time =p"
happy halloween to all you freaks out there!
im professionally unlucky
"remember remember the 5th of november    rest in peace <propfirst> <propfirst> brown,  thanks too you my first year in highschool sucked a little less, you were me first friend there and ill miss you forever dispite the fact i hate you for what you did "
"3 years and a day, and i still feel like i should see his hulking ass walking through the mall with that slightly cocky, ever mischevious grin on his face  annoyed \"
i would start the week with a visit to the emergency room   i hate mondays 
"from some quiz application thing for friends \does <propfirst> burnett sing in the shower?\""     4 people answer yes    they were damn right!  laugh """
this whole working full time with classes all evening is not working out so well   
jesus its only wednesday night and its already been a hella long week  annoyed 
man   hell of a night with <propfirst> mykel <propfirst> <propmale> ren <propfemale> and reggie   and now   work in 4 hours   ahh yeeahhh
burnt the fuck out
no drug competes with the hi you get from a good workout 
"looking for a new snowboard, so if you know anyone who wants to sell a board wtih 162-170 cm board length and and 250-260 board waist size(less important) then hit me up!"
uggh i better not feel this crappy on thanksgiving or ima be real pissed
well   upside of being sick as hell is i get hydrocodone based cough syrup   yes   vicodin cough syrup   mmmmmmm  laugh 
"snowboard boots and bindings- 200 dollars\season pass -215 dollars\trips to the emergence room-undetermined as of yet\a winter of shredding the slopes and hopefully coming out with some injuries---priceless"
"happy thanksgiving everyone! my friends are certainly on the top of the list of things i am grateful  for, with out you guys id be lost!"
finally recovering from that horrible virus that was going around   first thing on the to do list? gym! finally   
hmmm boarding this weekend?
snowboarding tomorrow? heeelllll yesss!
ahhh nothing compares to tearing down a mountainside covered in snow on a long wooden board   then getting a text   trying to reply   and wiping out like hell   haaa was awesome 
my teacher made me lose the game     annoyed  for real?
dear god   i would love it if you would cause some freak accident to happen and all teacher would be suddenly struck dead and all records of my grades in my classes to disappear off the face of the earth  amen 
"screw it, ill play along, <propfirst> people 1-5000  in my inbox  and ill post what i think about you and maybe something i remember about you  (i reserve the right to stop any damn time i feel like lol)"
"#8   hahahaha were the hell do i begin? your definitely one of the coolest people ive ever met in my life, funny as hell and a blast to work with, most likely the only good thing to come out of that shit hole we worked at  laugh ! you always could make me laugh, we definitely need to chill over my christmas break, love ya <propmale>!"
"over 9000: i dont even remember exactly how we met, u were just all of a sudden one of my friends, and one of the strangest yet funnest ones  i havnt chilled with you in forever, you need to hit me up! also i loved how you threw yourself into the mosh pits with no regard to your size  laugh "
"#47: for like year i hated you thoroughly, then we chilled over the summer and i was like lawl waaht? and it turned out you were cool as hell!   my b, myyy b lol  anyway i wish i had made that realization before you moved dammit!"
"#54: hmm lol  well i guess you were my first love, though it was years ago, you were always fun and i always felt a bit awkward around you since i was so new to that kind of shit, but i loved every minute of it, used to get a bit of a nostalgia rush when delivered to your old apartments, i havnt talked or seen you in ages, hit me up if your ever in town, im interested to see how weve both come out over the years"
"#3: you were pretty hot lol and always fun to work with even if we did have terrible bosses  laugh  i almost miss working there   well   i miss the like first 4 months, it just went to hell after that  havnt talked to you in a while, text me "
"#21: well ive known you for almost as long as my best friend, but we seemed to go through phases of hanging out and not hanging out and its been awesome hanging out lately, we just need to not fall back into that pattern lol, you have also grown up alot since we first started hanging, and i like it, your one of the few girls i can just totally relax, be myself, and talk to, its rare so thnx "
"#666: the number of the beast! and that you are my friend lol, but seriously you are one of my best friends, and id kill or die for you in a heart beat, you have been there through thick and thin and i know you always have my back like i have yours, you always were one of the craziest guys i know but also had a mature side that rivaled anyone else i know, i love ya <propmale>!"
"#0: you are one of my top dawgs, lawl  but really i know you are always there for me if i need some one, and we have had plenty of   reckless   lets say   nights lol, its always interesting to say the least while your around  love ya dude!   but the thing i love the most is    laugh "
hey <propmale> i think some one is at the drive through   *kkcchhhh*    beeerrr nnnneeeerrrrrrr       
"\drunken words are sober thoughts\""-a thinking man   """
"\i do it for love! that i get from the bottom of a bottle\""-smile empty soul"""
"haha love the ladder theory, while taken a little to extreme sometimes, there is solid truth in this "
   nope even after sleep last night was still ridiculously stupid! daammnn!
ok so   being able to work out at 12 at night is awesome i may have to get a 24 fitness membership 
<propfemale> christmas peoples!
"when in the face of terror and murder, the call for peace is not patriotic, it is cowardice!"
"who wants to wake up? who wants to lose it? who wants to live in this place? i don't, so i'll be sleeping in"
for the first day since i think mid summer i just chilled at home with some movies and a good book   awesome 
"i seem to be good at not getting what i want   \im proffessionally unlucky\""-captain reynolds"""
ill kill you <propfirst> - -
ughh ok peoples my phone for what ever reason is resending previous when ever i turn it on   so just ignore them    damn technology
hmmmm   hehehe      im living for death?   hmmm
"welcome back <propfirst>! im glad your home safe and sound half way through your tour, thank you again for serving and keeping your promise to stay safe, cant wait to tear it up while your back for this short time  wink   kill!"
no better hi than a work out hi   and i really fucken need a good hi right now   bleh 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, & in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy & paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower, armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 1% are awesome, & will re-post this"
"daammnn another night of tossing and turning, and maybe an hour of sleep in total     annoyed "
tonight was some kinda awesome night lol hoaahh <propfirst>!
