640ded852466413537dff447b8650fa2
is visiting back in the 'burgh  boy is it cold out! i don't like this weather in the 70s  i can't wait to see as many friends as i can while i'm here 
is hoping that all of my former classmates that are at the reunion this weekend have a great time! sorry i can't be there 
just had my heart broken today  feeling pretty awful 
is grateful for the wonderful friends and family that give me so much strength  thank you! i love you all so much!!!
my studying is done for the night! yeah!!!!
back from cocoa beach  <propmale> out there today watching a surfing competition and working on my tan  what an awesome day!!!
have class tonight at 6 then the football game to watch at broken barrel immediately afterwards  go steelers!!!
is hoping these clouds clear up for at least a little while today  we're supposed to be spending the day at the beach 
"spent saturday afternoon on the beach then out that night with the girls, now it's back to real life    3 exams this week plus gotta find a job soon "
"just when i was thinking my life couldn't get any worse, there it did "
"after an afternoon pity-party, i'm trying to pick myself up by my bootstraps "
lets go steelers!!!!!
heading to the beach to get some reading for school done
let's go steelers!!!!! woohoo!
"to all of my family and friends back in pittsburgh, i miss you  that goes for everyone else i haven't seen or talked to in while also "
i have a job interview monday morning! please pray for me  i haven't been able to find a job in my field since february 
"keep this going! heavenly father, as we embark upon this a new year, i first wish to thank you for all your wonderful blessings  please walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses & please watch & protect my family & friends  in jesus name, amen! this prayer is so powerful, stop what you're doing & set to your status  watch what he'll do!! believe & receive"
i jumped on a pickle in my car because i'm not crazy 
had a job interview two days ago  should know sometime next week if i got the job  please please please dear god let me get this one! i think i'd be a great fit for the position and the organization   we shall see what they think!
no e playful lanation required   i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>!
"without god our week would be: sinday, mournday, tearsday, wasteday, thirstday, fightday, and shatterday    seven days without god makes one weak  (if you are not ashamed of god, post this to your status ) god is good all the time"
i need neighbors on island life  my cousin works on the graphics  i can't grow unless you guys sign on as neighbors!!!! please help me!
"we have all lost family, friends, or loved ones           today is the international day against cancer  in memory of those who lost the battle against cancer and for all those who fought and won or continue to fight to win  93% of you will not copy and paste this text; i am proud to be part of the 7% who will"
"a true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if you're home is tidy or not, if you're car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight   a true friend just likes you for you! repost this if you have at least one true friend!!!"
"please help fight these scams! mafia wars and farmville friends, please stop joining groups, they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook, you will not get anything free  zynga, mafia wars and farmville have already advised that they are not the originators of these scams  please copy and repost "
"first concert you attended!  everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb  friends first concert was  copy & paste this on your profile, then  put your first concert at the end of this sentence   my first concert  was aerosmith at starlake amphitheater back in 1994  i was 23  what a  great time!"
i have a job interview in 2 hours for a job i applied for last october  they had put the position on hold until now  please please please let me get this!!! i really need a job!
heading to the beach for the afternoon!
happy easter!
"a soldier, sailor, airman, <propfemale>, or coast \guardsman is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check \made payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and \including, their life  that is an honor, and there are way too many \people in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copy \and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom  (enough said!!!)"
hope all moms and future moms had a wonderful mother's day!
"thanks to everyone for the warm birthday wishes! it was a great day! went out with friends saturday night, brunch with dad, and mom made lasagna for dinner  oh, and by the way, i'm in pittsburgh this week!!!!"
planning on heading down to station square tonight  thinking about going to bar <propfirst>  anyone have any other suggestions?
meeting up at 8 pm at bar <propfirst>  anyone want to join us?
woohoo! i got a job!!!!! thanks to everyone for their prayers 
so happy with my new job at odyssey charter school!!!! kids were back to school today  all in all was a pretty wonderful day seeing all of their faces 
"fun day ahead   working on a research paper  not quite my favorite way to spend a saturday  this paper is worth half my grade in one of my classes so i have to do a great job  that said, i suppose i should get working on it!"
just submitted my research proposal paper for my parapsychology class  whew! turned it in 16 minutes before the deadline  that was the most intense research paper i have ever done  it's worth 50% of my grade  pushing for as in all of my other classes  just hoping to pass this one 
i have pink eye  one of the many fun things i've now e playful erienced working in a school!
finals week  ugh 
"was planning on visiting pittsburgh in january for a weekend  change of plans- i'll be there between christmas and new year's! won't be there for either holiday, but still can't wait to see all my family and friends!!!"
"3yr\ old annoyed mommy"," i love you\"" 10yrs old annoyed ""mom whatever!\"" 16yrs old annoyed ""my mom is \"640ded852466413537dff447b8650fa2,"just got my grades for the semester  working full-time and school full-time, i got a 4 0!!!!!  smile  woohoo!"
"remember what christmas is about - greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was   buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe?"
"nice visit to pittsburgh  so happy to see the family and friends who i got to see, sorry i didn't get to see everyone  cannot wait to be back home with <propmale> though! i miss you so much!!!"
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseon't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
long day at work  had a 3 hour class tonight  now to take a quiz for another class  tuesdays are not my favorite day   sad 
