01e2f9794aab4a92d55ceea2e025dd23
hey very bored  <propfemale> u need to get on dgamer some time 
thx <propmale>!
 laugh  got a dsi and the book i really wanted for my birthday!!!!
"snowboarding is sooooo fun bailee's mom has been helping me, she says im pretty good i guess d: tho i dont rly think so  bailee, rylee, <propfemale> and i made one of the gondala carts look like we killed someone haha  so fun \ smile  i wanna go snowboarding again  my rists hurts tho now  going home tomorrow sometime "
rubix cubes     so confusing but rly fun
the snack that smiles back! goldfish!  laugh 
going to camp for a week today  cant wait 
\don't know what's going on," dont know what went wrong \""\"01e2f9794aab4a92d55ceea2e025dd23,went on a roller coster for the first time ever today  scariest thing ive ever done  but it was alot of fun 
"to all who can read this, do not eat the monster under your bed! \     it has feelings too!"
"1st  consumer <propmale>  pratt  \2nd  soc studies  nunlist \3rd  language arts  nunlist\4th  orchestra  atwood \5th  algebra  markofski\6th  jep  smith \7th  pe  bevaqua"
nunlist scares me!
i hate lightbulbs  -_-
"1:random, 2:babe,3:i'dmarry you, 4 annoyed weet, 5:beautiful, 6:talkative, 7:hot, 8:fit, 9:funny 10:moody,11 playful erfect type, 12 annoyed ove you, 13:nothing,14:gorgeous,15 annoyed trong, 16:the best, 17:awsome, 18 laugh umb, 19 sad razy,   20:amazing,   21 annoyed porty, 22:best  friend, 23 sad ute  or are yah alittle scared"
"well, i got a schedule change  only have two calsses that r the same as they were  not rly liking it so far    "
 laugh  i might get to take care of mr  smiths class pet tarantula over winter break! i'm so excited! haha
"i feel like im 5 or 6 again  playing with lego horses, sharks, ppl, and regular lego bocks  its for sciencs tho  well, at least the horses were to start with "
"put\this as your status and see what people rate you: 1 = crazy , 2 = i'd \marry you , 3 = i love you , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = i'd \kiss you , 7 = moody , 8 = smart , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = \random , 12 = a hero , 13 = funny , 14 = you're mine , 15 = amazing , 16= tough , 17 = cute"
"really bad day, right b4 my b-day, not sure how great of a b-day im gonna have tomorrow now "
"i am not offically even more weird  i have beter balance wearing 3 5in stilettos  then wearing regular flat shoes, or no shoes  impressive lol "
im not sure wat i did  but im being ignored  so i give up     i'll stop trying 
i failed  i never wanted this to happen  i just wanted to talk  but now i think ive lost another friend     im sorry 
"yay! it snowed   laugh  i have nooooooo idea why, but im excited for the snow this year  as long as its not all yucky slush type stuff  thats not as fun  but it is fun to slide on  as long as you dont fall     anywho    first snowfall: 11-18-10 lol  wow "
"i'm done with all the drama  some people just don't change, and i'm tired of getting lied to all the time  moving on with my life  i rather have a friend or two less, then be lied to & hurt by something so worthless  so i'm done with it  and im done with some of my other friends  done with drama  and now, it is time to be happy "
" smile  oh drama, how i will not miss you!  laugh  moving on with my life  i dont care what people say behind my back  i have my oppinion, they have theirs  i dont want anything to do with someone or something, and voice my oppinion of why, then it shouldnt matter to you   smile "
"my im isnt working d: haha  about to go on a walk in the nice, cold snow  smile  then i gotta set up[ the volleyball net to kick my dads butt  (he thinks its sooooo easy to hit the ball over the net  ha!) happy turkeyday!"
"had to reformat my comp bc of a virus  put all my pics and stuff on a thumb drive, but bc i had 2 folders named pictures, and i thought i put them both on, ik i did  but only my old ones got on  so all my newer pics, gone   i hate viruses"
"click \like\"" if you are glad to have met me  set this as your status to see how many people are glad to meet you  smile """
"yay! i get the lucky job of helping shovel at least 5in of snow! this is gonna be fun, shoveling while ur very sore!"
"snow is actually pretty refreshing being pushed, then tripped into right after a volleyball game lol "
half frozen mtn dew is weird  it's like a slushy lol 
"our eyes are placed in front of our head, because it is more important to look ahead, then to look back "
"i'm excited   smile  i'm in <propmale> again, and i'm st<propmale>ing on my first project, its gonna be totally awesome  mr taylor gave me a great idea for it  konstantin did most of the idea making tho  thank you konstantin  it's gonna be awesome! also, i get mr smiths tarantula for winter break soon   smile "
" laugh  it's official, i am now tarantula sitting <propmale>  haha, its soooo cool  smile "
"tarantulas are very soft   smile  and after you pet its back a few times, it realizes u dont want to hurt it, so it wont move as much away from you   smile  its so cool "
i am holding a tarantula! : d
block class is alot of fun now   smile 
"being sick sucks  i've been sick all week  greeting better, then worse  ):"
\chocolate chip cookies gotta have more  bake em in the oven," buy them at the store  but whatever u have em ready at the door and ill love u till i die \""\"01e2f9794aab4a92d55ceea2e025dd23,i is thinks i is going crazy   laugh 
"crickets r annoying  we have 6 crickets in the house bc of the tarantula, they r in a plastic container, but they r still annoying \i like the tarantula tho! : d"
"true friends will stick with you no matter what you say or do  \fake friends come and go  but they leave a <propfirst>  no matter if you want them to or not  which friend are you?"
ya know wat sucks? finding a heated blanket when ur really cold  but you cant find the plug in thing    grrrr
"i just held the tarantula  smile  with no gloves \so excited to go to sky high with bailee in a lil bit "
"really want to talk to someone  but whenever they are on, they never talk to me  and i'm always the one to start the conversation  so i feel like im always annoying them  i wish they would talk to me first sometimes  "
"i hate how much people change  i can understand people changing a little bit, becoming more mature and all  but some people change for the worst  i wish i had all my old friends back  all my best friends, my best friends again     "
way better mood now  smile  now i just gotta finish up my hw so i can go snowboarding thursday  laugh  so excited  its gonna be rly interesting d:
really wanna go outside and go sleding  sadly im stuck doing hw all day tho  i hope it keeps snowing  smile 
going snowboarding today  smile  so excited  prolly wont be on for a few days tho hope <propfemale>ryone have a fun new years <propfemale> 
"like this status if you give a rip about me or my problems \comment if you want to help me with my problems \inbox me in you want me to just shut up and stop whining \copy and paste this as your status if you want to see what your friends really think of you and your problems "
"i swear everyone thinks im stupid recently  i offer to help ppl with stuff, and they either go to someone else, or say its nothing    not gonna bother offering anymore \i made my friend hate me somehow, and i think i just made another hate me too now   "
im sorry ):
"i wish life werent so complicated sometimes  i wish it was easier to talk to people about stuff, easier to trust people, and easier to know what to do   "
\she won't make a sound \,01e2f9794aab4a92d55ceea2e025dd23,"i found out what kind of tarantula <propmale> (mr smiths tarantula) is! he she it, is a chilean <propfemale> tarantula   smile "
"true friends believe in you  fake friends turn around and stab you in the back, and make things worse "
"bad day most of the day, then surprisingly, one of the ppl i thought would never get me to laugh again, actually got me to laugh  so it turned out to be not that bad  wish a certain person would talk to me tho "
i just found a nest of lady bugs  there are over 200 up behind my house on a grave of someones pet   odd place for them 
so bored  someone should tt me  laugh 
i hate orchestra    and algebra   
)': such a bad day   
"i'm sorry jesse   \please forgive me    "
really wanna go somewhere and take pics  tho not sure where to go  or wat to take pics of    any ideas???
"goodnight all  and goodnight species d: (species  knows who species is d: haha)\im guessing species im isnt working, so im saying night on here d annoyed cant wait till tomorrow   smile "
"aw mid winter break  smile  so glad we have  one  can work on all my homework, and redos all week d:"
i want an energy drink  i wanna try it   smile 
"i wish it wasn't so <propfemale>, and it was a lot warmer "
"burning the very top of your ear, then some how having the scab taken off really sucks  my ear was bleeding like crazy "
anyone gonna be at the mall on thursday that wants to <propfemale> out maybe?
old friends come and go true friends stick like glue  i prefer the sticky friends   smile  i love all my close friends!
going to the mall tomorrow around 3  if anyone else is going and wants to <propfemale> out  let me know  smile 
aw snow   smile  finally we meet again 
hmm i'm kinda tired  spakoyne noche mister species haha 
" smile  in a great mood today  going out for lunch with my dad then to the doctors then to the mall  only know one person thats going to the mall, but oh well   smile "
shots hurt ><
soooo bored today  can't wait till school starts again 
"i wish it was easier to talk to some people  to tell them exactly how u feel  to just let it all out  not so much a trust issue, but an issue of the person understanding \if it was esier, i would be so much happier "
" laugh  my arm is normal sized again! tho it still hurts, and is a lil swollen still, but not alot "
" : wow  just realized, i have no favorite thing i can think of when i'm depressed to make me happier again  "
send me a number thorugh a message and ill tell you what i think about you 
"21  i dont really know you, but in p e  you have always been nice to me  your also really pretty "
"3334  i miss you! i haven't seen you in a long time  you were great to <propfemale> out with at panda bear  you are so nice to me, and super pretty  love ya!"
"15  we used to be really close, but have slowly grown appart  you are one of the nicest, and spartest people i know  we should <propfemale> out again sometime or something!"
14  you are so nice! your all ways there for me when i need someone to talk to  and you give me great advise 
"17  eww!!!!!!!!!!!! you are so weird and creepy!!!!\haha jk jk jk  i had to, you told me to be nice \anyways, you are one of my best friends  you are always, always there for me when i need someone   we can relate about alot, and you are probably one of my best friends  love ya! (as a friend d: lol)"
"80938  i havent talked to you in forever! we have had our ups, and our downs, but all in all, you have been a great friend  you are so nice and so sweet  i miss and love you!"
13  girl  ur awesome  ur so nice and so pretty and ur so fun to <propfemale> out with  we gotta <propfemale> out again soon tho!
"17 1 2  ur a really great friend to me  ur always trying to help me, or giving me advice (even if i dont need it) but ur always there for me "
123456789  you are such a little cutie! (not to be creepy or anything) ur so nice and innocent  (or at least u act like it d: lol) i love your violin in orchestra  its so awesome 
"22  i dont really know u that well, havent talked to u alot  but u seem really cool  and nice "
"357 1 2  you my dear friend, are awesome  you are so nice, and funny  and u take a-mazing pictures  its gonna be so weird next year without all my lil buddies! im gonna miss u all so much!"
"7834  i miss you! we were friends when we were 3, with the two others  the four of us were so close, and did everything together  then we slowly grew apart, and the four of us aren't rly close friends anymore i would love to be close friends with two of u again  i loved hanging out with u at silverwood this summer too  ur so nice, and funny, and super pretty  i love you!!"
"9000000000  we met in 4th 5th grade, and almost instantly became friends  we have had our ups and downs, but we've never rly stayed mad very long  ur rly protective of me, and ik u would kick someones butt if they dared hurt me  ur a great friend  love "
i miss my best friend )':
"if you love me, comment on my status \if you think i'm a good friend, like it \if you hate me, message me why \if you ever had a crush on me, write on my wall \if you aren't scared, put this as your status and see what you get smile "
\this is ten percent luck, twenty percent skill\01e2f9794aab4a92d55ceea2e025dd23,so tired of getting called rat shit ):
"i don't know what im gonna do, but whatever  i'll just go with it and hope for the best ( annoyed my ankle hurts really bad  i think i really messed it up, but i dont know what i did "
going to <propmale> for the weekend  wont be on till sunday  bye everybody! have a great weekend  smile  imma miss you!
"well, apparently it is sunday now  im home again lol  my brother ended up not being able to move, so we got over half way there, then had to turn around again lol  oh well haha"
 smile 
"iv never had sex, smoked weed, been drunk, snuck out, or skipped class, copy n' paste this as your status & see whoever 'likes' this thinks you lying"
"i love getting random comments from people  they make my day better  laugh \thank you all who have said something nice to me today!"
had an a-mazing weekend  but im ready for school tomorrow   smile  im in such a great mood  being happy is awesome!
"hmm apparently i have another new <propmale> name  \gimpy\"" just bc i sprained my ankle  wooooow"""
blueberry almost <propfemale>  d:
"there is only one way my week could get any better, and i think its gonna happen at the end of the week   smile  i am so freaking happy right now  smile "
"to anybody in geometry, pre-ap english, science, and or world history: how hard are the classes? i wanna be in pre-ap english and science, and i'm not sure about history because i dont really like it  but i cant decide what to do  help??"
"almost screamed bloody murder today! \power went out after school and i was in the orchestra room  alone  i thought i was in a very life like nightmare "
"great day today  smile  \so happy, cant wait for tomorrow!"
"today was amazing ( annoyed simple as that haha "
"haha really happy  ( annoyed im actually going to go to bed early too!"
"rip killer  best spider ever haha  live for over 7 months in a small container only eatting other spiders, its own eggs, or not eatting at all "
random store  at the mall these two little girls were standing in front of a hanging poster thing next to the manics  posing like models  so cute and adorable  haha
sooo do not feel good  annoyed  im going to bed  i hope i can go to school tomorrow 
 surprise  so much stuff happens when you are gone a day  really wanna tt a certain person 
"really bad day today     shouldn't have even bothered coming today  my throat feels horrible, and i was ignored by the one person i really wanted to talk to today, and to school for today     i feel like i did something wrong but idk what  and they i find out my friends are talking crap behind my back    yea, perfect day    "
): feeling worse today then i did yesterday     still gotta go to school tho  thank god its a half day though  ):
alot better day today  smile 
" : so many questions, so little time, one person who can answer   "
"well, my voice is 100% gone now  "
"happy birthday cookie, and r i p \(cookie was my old cat who died at the age of 16 and 7 days  and yea, her birthday was on april fools)"
i feels so loved today   smile 
does not understand adult sense of humor in any way   surprise 
