6e7440183569c530283ace04ea4c8540
yup    its still basically lame  we will see how it goes  ha ha 
basically i am having a fan-fricken-tastic day!!!
my daughter can beat up your daughter    ha ha
hate dropping my daughter off!  i miss my little microbot already  sad 
i wish that grass stayed cut    
life throws some insane curves at you   
some days just should never exist  ha ha 
today is one of those days   
and today just is another one of them  man it feels good for everything to go wrong  ha ha  only two things keeping me sane 
"i am already done with summer   too hot  can't sleep    all who want fall already say \i\"""""
i am so ready to take a break and relax on a small vacation  i don't know if i can wait  ha ha 
"if only i had a licence to kill, mmmm     the possibilities    "
2 out of the 3 down   i am afraid for the last  i don't need this 
is taking donations to get me a sniper rifle  anything will help    wink  ha ha      seriously 
"will get my opportunity to turn everything in my life around, and when that day comes my the lord have mercy on my foes, because i sure won't     ha ha ha ha!"
"is pretty sure i need another job, or one that makes a lot more money "
is curious if people will ever get it through their head that being honest is soooo much easier to do then lying!  ha ha ha  silly humans 
is wanting to just have a relaxing night of cuddling and a movie  one day ill get it 
favorite joke right now;  what do you get when you cross obama with a potato?       a dick-tator!   ha ha ha  smile 
one day i will come up with something seriously clever and witty to put here    
"knows if you search through enough coal,  one day you will find a <propfemale>   "
"knows the sad part is almost all of the morons in this world, don't even know how fricken stupid they really are "
"death is inevitable     living, however, is  optional "
"last day at my mall job  hooray! so long, sucka!  ha ha "
is really happy  this last week has been great!  i have basically had zoey since thursday and its been awesome! i love my baby girl to no end  she is like a little me with blonde hair   crazy random and wicked funny  i have also spent a ton of time with my new girlfriend and its going excellent!  hooray for <propfirst>!
looking for a full time night job  if anyone knows anywhere hiring  please let me know   my mind is open to anything   thanks!
we have children going to bed without eating    elderly going without needed medicines    mentally ill without treatment    troops without proper equipment      yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first       99% of people on facebook won't have the    guts to copy and repost this !!!!!!
dang i miss my girls  how could i not  they are the best  see you both soon i hope!
loves the sound of gunshots in the morning       smile 
"our country and what it stands for is being destroyed from within  those who are pretending that nothing is wrong and that it will blow over will one day realize that all their rights are gone and it will be too late  search \communist goals 1963\"" and \""obama's advisors \"" also see what <propfirst> beck has to say about them """
"just in a few hours i have seen alcohol ruin a relationship, put someone in a considerable amount of pain, and turn my life into a living h*%#   and the worst part is, i have never even tasted it!!!  i hate it with a passion that burns inside of me with the light of a thousand torches!"
why can't you just go home ball?! just go home! you too good for your home?! answer me!!!
"bam!!!  4 kids to bed sleeping! a 6 month old, 3 year old, 4 year old and a 9 year old   yes, all by myself   super dad award    ? maybe   ha ha  smile "
won the poker tournament tonight  woohoo!   smile 
yay for fords   there is a reason the saying is built ford tough  that poor little mazda found out the hard way this morning    
• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*?put this on your status if you have the most beautifu daughters in the world?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*
"my little girl is calling cupcakes, \pupcakes\"" ha ha ha ha!!!"""
no longer an employee of impact guns       anyone know of any jobs?
"am an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the \united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one \nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! i \grewup reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do    that for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns\will re-post this and not care about offending someone!"
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's    military    appreciation week  repost if you are in the military, love a military member (or a veteran), or appreciate our troops "
"got off work, when to work  got off work, going to work      sleep? what's that?  why have we not met?"
i made it to the wasatch poker tour fall quarterly tournament! i have a <propmale> to go to nationals!
didnt make it to nationals     but will try again   next time ill be ready    smile 
"i honestly think i fractured my heel     i have no insurance cuz i have not been with my company long enough  what to do, what to do "
can't wait to spend christmas with my amazing daughter and wonderful girlfriend   love them both more than they know    smile 
well    i can't deny it anymore  i'm addicted  the fisrt step is admitting you have a problem right?
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please re-post in their honor! thank you soldiers!"
"so last night at the gateway mall, someone attempted to <propmale> me while using the facilities     what the heck has this world come to?  really "
"life is too short  if i can live to be half of the man he was, i will be very proud  loved by all, happy as the sun is bright, wise from head to toe  i will miss him terribly  everyone will miss him terribly "
