6ba98be2ddcac7c62079b5a75a341864
working on finals  yug!!!!!!
working on finals before work    will these ever be done 
"if you are reading this, and even if we don't chat that often, please write (below) one single, unique word that would describe me according to you  once done, copy this paragraph as i did on your status  you might be surprised to read the responses received  thanks!"
i am going to rock this last quarter!!!
is tired and has more and more homework to get done 
finding ways not to work on my homework  but i really should get back to it now  sad 
did you know you burn 150 calories an hour by banging your head against the wall? hmm    i wonder how many brain cells are killed during that hour?
going to bed with a migraine   what's new lately?
i can't stay focused today  what's wrong with me??
i missed the <propmale> marching band home show!!!!! *crying on the inside* what good is it to have a boyfriend that works for the school and who knows that i was interested in the homeshow    and he fails to mention it was on saturday!!! *ticked at the boyfriend* errrrrr!!! so frustrating  i was actually looking forward to it  to spend sometime around something i acutally like (and it not being homework) 
"spent nearly the whole day working for the newspaper again  it was an e playful erience   smile  also, sunday was my 7 year aniversary with my bf <propfirst>   love "
is fighting a migrane   sad 
"my bf was willing to support me while i finished school and learned to program for the iphone  but what do i go and do? i get a 9 to 5 job and there goes all my plans for the time i would have to work on homework (which is majorly behind)  i don't know what to do anymore   sad  i am so frustrated  i can't just sit home and not work, but i am to the point of shutting down and saying screw everyone "
"to look on the bright side of things    i get to be drugged out of my mind for the next week, legaly too  i hate dentist!! i just wish they would pull the tooth out and get it over with  instead i get it pulled out on the 24  just before thanksgiving  yeah, i can't eat any of the good stuff "
i am in the last days of college    woooo!!!!! hoooo!!!!!! by sunday morning (or so) i will be done with my bachelors!!!!
"i have been away from the computer for the last few weeks  it has been fun, but it is inevitable that i return!! lol! hello to you all again!"
"is wondering why i can't get some time off since it is my birthday    oh wait, i am next week to pick up the roommate! see, just give me a few, i will figure it out    generally "
white
"folding, stuffing, labelig and stamping mailers    great fun!! ha, ha  someones got to do it  i guess it beats actual work  lol  smile  have a great day everyone "
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status "
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>"
wet and hard
"i love my sister more than words can say  if you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you, through thick and thin, then copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our sisters  ?"
"so, i am sitting here at work wishing i was at home (or anywhere else)  knitting  is that a bad thing??"
"what a long, boring day, i can't wait to get home and watch mindless tv and knit "
trying really hard to get going this morning    but it's friday and i am sooooo ready for the weekend 
bord   
i get to go home early! yeah  i got paid  time to party!!! oh wait! got house cleaning and other stuff to get done this weekend  sucks being a grown-up!!!!  sad 
working    sort of   
is heading home for the day    maybe i can gain back some of my sanity    to late for that  maybe i could just spread my insanity    that sounds fun!!
trying to think of color for baby blankets since there are three babies coming and no one knows what they are at the moment or in enough time before the baby showers    well i could start with the basic green and yellow and they start on some more specific colors later    well thats a start  im good to go!!
"so, since i have decided on the colors (general baby colors), i now have to decided on the pattern to do them in  why does this have to be so hard???"
dentists suck!! she told me it wouldn't hurt  my jaw is really achy as it is waking up from the numbness  i guess its time for some more feel goods!!  laugh  but working on feel goods is not a really good idea   sad  what to do    what to do   
is feeling better today  but my jaw is still sore  i think i may survive   
"nope, lunch has killed me  my jaw and neck are now killing me  i guess one more pain pill and then i should be good to go "
today the olympics start!! yeah!! i am participating in the ravelympics this year and i get to start on my projects at 6pm tonight 
"i am thinking about scrapping what i started and just doing a pair of socks  i was excited at the beginning, but the love of my life just doesn't seem to care what i want to do anymore  i think i will be dropping the two projects and just working on a pair of socks and now i got to come up with a column subject as well    not in such a good mood anymore "
"i have given up on the other two things i was knitting  i got two cat bordi books in the mail the day before the olympics started and i have been really itching to start some socks out of them    so, i have basically started a new pair of socks  smile "
"work, work, work    tgif!! i can't wait to relax this weekend "
"i'm at work, all by myself, again  this isn't cool anymore!!!"
the day is almost over!! yeah!!
"working, but feeling like crap  not sure why the headache and chills wont go away "
"i am not sure why i am so tired today  but i had a heck of a time getting out of bed this morning  oh, well, lets make a good day out of the rest of it!!  smile "
wait!! where did the rain go?? i was actually enjoying the sounds  now its just the stupid highway that i hear  sad 
drinking the koolaide   
"blah, blah, blah    everyone elses problems!! i am done  thank god tomorrow is friday!! i am about to go postal on someone!!!  the best part of today is i get to have dinner with my fave niece and nephew!! oh, yeah, and their mom too!  smile  loves you <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!  smile  i can't wait!"
my sis <propfemale> went to the hospital with bad stomach cramps (she's prego)  they gave her meds to stop contractions    she is at home resting    that is the last i heard and there is no one intelegent enough around her to let me know what is going on 
i really hate migraines!!!
i may actually kill my boss    i would definately get more work done that way   
i am not sure what i am to be doing any more   
i get to leave work    to do more work    but i get to leave work  smile 
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence: <propmale> airforce base, south <propfemale>"
it's monthly mailers time again    boring!! i hate folding paper   smile  oh well i get paid for it   smile 
i am officially cavity free now!!! wooooo hoooo!!! just wish my mouth would finish waking up and quite hurting!! it feels like i was punched in the jaw   sad  but the drugs are good! lol! hope everyones day is going good   surprise )
i have actually cleaned my desk area  i actually have access to our windows <propmale>hine and other <propmale>  amazing  i am all kinds of excited to be able to use the computer by the sunshine again  smile  what a beautiful day!
i hate being sick  it would make since to have something wrong to go with this fevor  but there is nothing else!!! this sucks!! i don't like having a fevor!! i know how babies feel now  this ain't cool!  sad 
friday's suck!! i am so board!!!
wooo hooo!!! the weekend!!
i am so tired  i am tired of being sick  i am tired of waiting on others    i just want to go to bed  sad 
"i am in a strange mood    i was bone tired not to long ago  now i am wired awake! there is something wrong with me  i hate my bf and roommate  damn night owls!!  smile  oh, well    time for a movie and pizza!! (i will probably fall asleep on the couch watching said movie!)"
is very clostrophobic at the moment  i do not like this feeling at all 
i think i have the stupids    i am having a hard time at work today    thank goodness it is almost time to go home  i really don't like feeling stupid on simple things anymore   smile 
we have children going to bed without eating      elderly going without needed medicines      mentally ill without treatment      troops without proper equipment      yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first       99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this  will you?
"it is shapping up to be a long, bad day today  i really should just calm down and focus on one thing at a time    yeah right!"
"wonders why is it people only want to talk to you to tell you their problems, but god forbid if you have one, because they run for the invisible button "
i am in a hyper-mood at the moment  what really sucks is that i have to go to wal-mart now!!
i made it out alive!!
why is it that banks and the department of licensing can be open at 9 am but the rest of the world tends to be open around 8 am?? that aint cool! fucking lazy people!
i have a headache and it's to pretty outside to be stuck in here!!!!!
today's forecast    bitchy with 100% <propmale> of sarcasm!!
"is not so good with the advice, can i interest you in a sarcastic comment, or maybe just something totally inappropriate?"
"ok i admit, i'm a handful!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, and outspoken, i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful then post this on your status     i dare you"
my house smells heavenly! i am making a lemon pepper chicken    peas    and stuffing    i cant wait to taste it  it's been awhile since i have made a good dinner   smile  our house is going to start cooking more often 
"is so tired of being tired of listening to people nag because you did something wrong, said something wrong, or just didn't do what you were supposed to "
getting a pedi with my prego sister for her birthday  happy birthday sis <propfemale> 
that was fun  my toes are a bright turquise green  lovin' it! ahhh! it's back to work now with a migraine that wont quit    
home now and hoping to relax and get rid of this migraine   smile 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
says: i'm not crazy    i just got tired of being normal   smile 
"who's the cruel bastard that decided the word for phobia of long words is \hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia\""   whoever you are  i salute you !!  smile """
is cleverly disguised as a responsible adult   wink 
going to <propfemale> out with the bro's today   smile  lol! <propfirst> is just like <propfirst>! this sucks! where's my sister????
slight change of plans for this morning    had stuff to take care of  will be meeting up with the bro's in a bit   smile 
"surprise <propmale> this afternoon  took my boyfriend home  now hanging with the bro's, sis, nephew and the car crew my sis and bro belong to  it's a nice day  to bad i have to work tomorrow "
"is excited  i am happy for my sis <propfemale>   smile  she is happy    we will leave it at that for now  i get to take my bro to the plane tomorrow  wooo hooo day off, but driving to spokane and back    oh well, can't have it all, i do get to spend some time with the bro before he leaves, that makes the drive worth while   smile "
solemnly swears i am up to no good  smile 
taking bro to airport  sad to see him leave 
got the little bro through security  he is on his way home   sad 
i am glad today is over    i get to go home and learn to spin on my new wheel  smile  life is good 
"i find the term nerd offensive  instead use the term \intellectual badass \"""""
lots to get done in a short period of time 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filledwith crazies    they love you for who you are  a true friend can golong periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have a least one true friend  they will know who they are "
my house is too full of stuff!!!
"says she can only offer you today a gallon of pessimism, a cup of sarcasm, two tablespoons of dry wit, and a generous cup of shut the hell up  just one of those days   "
love thy sis  she and i got pedi's for lunch  smile  now it's time to run for some coffee    so need a nap!!
coffee! coffee!  love the scent of a coffee stand  coffee!!!         coffee!!!!!!!!  woot!
why is it that for every 1 thing that goes right    10 other things have to go wrong?  angry 
changes her status frequently for sh!ts 'n giggles  <- ha ha! where did that term come from? who giggles while they take a sh!t?
   ice ice baby   ha ha   now u got it stuck in your head   and even if u hate it you know every last word   
today my inner child threw a tantrum because the voices in my head refused to share the sandbox of my mental playground  it was weird 
i thoght i had alot of shi!t    turns out i really don't own alot  this is a good thing   smile 
when a problem comes along   you must whip it   whip it good!
"is comforting the disturbed, disturbing the comfortable, interesting the bored and boring the interested "
"just wants to go outside and scream as loud as i can, but i'm afraid i might worry the neighbors  smile "
"world domination! i'm going to take over the world with evil gummy bears, ninja penguins, and robotic gnomes wink  wanna join??"
"is the fun lovin, crazy type of person that turns the radio up reeeeeaal loud to tune out life & reality!!"
had to go to ritzville for work this morning  it was raining hard! ended up getting my feet and pants legs soaked (flip-flops)  now i have a migraine starting    what a great day this has turned out to be  hopefully my evening is better 
feeling better  heading home to cook chicken cordon bleu  yum!! wish me luck!
waiting for the new nephew to show up    still waiting   
it's a bad day around here  my sis has lost a member of her family  my good thoughts go to them in their time of need   sad 
is worried    i heard that nobody is perfect and now i am afraid that i don't exist!!!
is bored and anyone reading this should say hi!  love 
<propfemale>'s little man may be here this weekend some time  yeah!!!
"crayons,  check    helmet, check    prozac, check    ok, i'm ready for work!!!"
baby! baby! baby! is on his way into the world  sis <propfemale> is at the hospital and getting ready to bring our nephew <propfirst> <propfirst> into the world!! yea!!!!
still no baby  sad  soooooo tired from being up with little sleep over the last few days  going to bed  sleep is calling my name    nite 
"ok, my day officially sucks!! sis <propfemale> still hasn't had the baby, but sounds like it should be sometime this morning  and daycare has just sent home <propfirst> with possible pink eye  so much for work!!"
the baby is here!!! and i am loosing my mind!!! i wish my sis <propfemale> all the luck in the world 
i need a nap!!! if i whine enough will someone put me to bed?
"the baby is so adorable  he was awake and looking around when i stopped by this morning  nothing but good feelings today  smile  tired, but its still all good "
is thinking that me thinking is maybe a bad idea   
says yesterday i tried to be normal but within 5 minutes i got so bored that i gave up and am myself again! yea!!  laugh 
"is getting worried, the voices in her head are starting to make sense     "
"is on their way to court, apparently the voices are filling for child support for the neglected inner child, oh and copyright infringement "
"welcomes you to my profile  straight jackets are by the wall, meds are in the boxes  enjoy your stay, and please visit again!"
"heading out soon to go to seattle  we are going to see cirque du soleil: kooza  we are going to stay the night, then go to pikes place market, the aquariaum, ikea and a shopping mall!!!"
"ok  i guess if i am not getting paid to be on a computer, i am not on facebook    lol! well i should be back, hopefully with something interesting "
i love that feeling of things clicking in place when you are learning something new   smile 
ahhhh    brain feeling better  lots of new information   smile 
i am working on starting my own business (previous partnership of bf and roommate)  i am working on a web <propfemale> and not much else 
going to pull hair out  i have work to get done and don't want to be at home   
"this one has really lost her mind  why after all this time would i get back on facebook    i am board today, that is why  oh well, i guess life does go on without me  lol!"
if you are going to be offended by other peoples opinions then maybe you should consider keeping yours to yourself
aint feeling well and heading to walmart  what a bad idea   
"yesterday the dentist stole my tooth!! i am enjoying the drugs at the moment, well when they are working   smile  so, please cut me a little slack today   smile "
yesterday was bad  today is worse  hopefully tomorrow will be better  i'm done being in pain 
feeling better today  may attend hp7 tonight  trying to think if i want to leave in the snow or not 
"i hate snow!! (snowing again!) oh, well, gives me a better excuse to stay home and clean  except    the tooth that was pulled a week ago still throbs when i over work myself  oh, well, a bit at a time is better than none at all "
at computer (<propmale>)
at computer
at computer (imac)
at computer - <propmale>
left for ml
at computer (imac)
at phone
at computer (imac)
at computer (imac)
on iphone
at computer (imac)
where the heck did the month of january go??!!!!
got lots to get accomplished tomorrow  but today i am taking it easy  bf is home from work and i am enjoying his company   smile 
"wondering why i even bother with planning my day    nothing ever goes the way i want it to  like having to deal with a person i really hate at my house, yelling all day long, lights and tvs on but no one around them    yes, i need my own place!"
"to quote the great master, eeyore: \some days are better upside down\"""""
lots to get done  bf and roommate are going to get an ipad 2 after work today!! yeah!!
"mind is racing    time is flying    where did the year go? it is already my nephew's 3rd b-day    this is when they all start    too many    help!! jk, i love them all way too much!!"
happy  smile 
