92845f71a86e55b5266e283da40fcfa7
well i guess i don't have to say it so    read another status on your <propfemale> and i hope it's wonderful  smile 
finals + juries + accompaniment jobs + stupid speech class = my head e playful loding like an atomic bomb!!!  tick    tick    tick    boom!!!
most of my finals are over!!!!!!!! the rest will be a piece of cake    oh    now i want cake!
my finals are done!!! yes!!! my life has officially gotten better
i just discovered the hide thingy for applications! bye bye farmville notifications!!!  laugh 
omg! i love <propfemale> keys' new album!!! <propfemale> christmas to me!  laugh 
i hate not being able to drive    so many things could get accomplished 
*status about the new year*
playing piano is the greatest thing  laugh 
school again in dos dias  good thing or bad thing? hmm   
so this is what it's like to get your life sucked away    hmm    this may be the death of me 
the composing process is long and harsh but worth it! give me like some weeks though lol
tired!
loves loves loves coffee products   coffee coffee coffee!
needs to learn to not leave his facebook <propfemale> open so that people like <propfirst> <propmale> doesn't say that i like coffee products! dislike!!!
it's a going good day  the sun is finally out!!!  laugh 
"nickel creek and <propfemale> keys, pizza, and not having anything to do until like next week  life is good!  smile "
wants to just put out there that you all should be careful at clicking the notifications you get  spam is becoming an enormous problem according to several people so be careful   smile 
tan-tar-a!!!
i'm back from a five hour trip from tan-tar-a! we did an amazing job  go tower choir!!!  smile 
"good day    no classes, pizza, and facebook  oh yeah i have no life and i love it!"
seriously    i think i'm getting signs from fortune cookies  what the hell?!
"dear pringles:  i pop one can, and i can't stop!!! sincerely, avid pringles lover *crunch*"
being a goody-two-shoe straight edge has some benefits    i guess   smile 
"\so if you ingest cinnamon while you have a hangover    does that mean you can die?\"" -this guy"""
"okay so i think i'm stupid    i just found out that the words \double stuf\"" are actually written on the oreo  not that it really matters they'll all get eaten anyway """
i need a break but don't break me off a piece of that kit-kat bar!
listening to <propfemale> tate rap about nutrional facts on a cereal box  it's a good day   laugh 
<propfirst>'s day? what?! who is this <propfirst> and why does he have a day?  surprise 
my stomach is empty  he is not a happy camper considering he hasn't had any food in 24 hours! on the bright side i think i did well at my first recital today  laugh 
rehearsal!!!  indecision  then jazz band performance!!!  laugh  then back to rehearsal!!!  playful 
 sad  day   
what's more stressful than being a music <propmale>    being a music <propmale> that can't produce good sound because the cold that have makes sound like shi      poopi 
had rehearsal until almost midnight and has not eaten dinner    what the hell?!
what?! no second night letdown? hell yes!
"funny story    i found my box of contacts i thought i lost 4 months ago today in my laptop bag where i put them for thankgiving break just in case something wierd happened  i've been wearing glasses for 2 months, i have two boxes on the way, and i made my mom use e playful edite shipping to mail me a trial pair so i had some for the musical  all this, because this dumbass thought he lost it     playful "
was busy for the past 9 1 2 hours with break for food  the musical is over why is this happening?
"\you know if you add an \""i\"" before jif and spell the whole thing backwards you get fiji\""    my random thought of the day"""
abdc is tight!!! someday i'll be that good    well hopefully because i think i'm like a 2 10 compared to them right now   playful 
hmm    i feel like making music   
witnessed 2 1 2 hours of awesomeness at the pac  i'm still slightly deaf but i don't care!  playful 
wow    never been this sick in my life  vomitting and the runs and more  fml!!!
never has a shower felt so good before!!! though i still feel a little on the sick side   playful 
time on fb: almost 3 hours  time sleeping: when i'm not on facebook  oh yeah    the good non-existent life of <propfirst> andrews!
feels about 82% better today  thank you anais de <propfirst> for your virtual healing  smile 
"\you'll accomplish more later if you have a little fun this weekend \"" i think i officially love fortune cookies  laugh """
"my mother, uncle, and grandmother are sitting in the living room watching <propfirst> springer  i don't know if it's an awesome moment or one of those wth moments "
i am liking this week so far  i've been reliving my childhood and i love it!!!
"i just discovered a phobia list! there's over 300 and they are all awesome, wierd, and ironic  this made my day (hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia=fear of long words)  laugh "
"is a stupid, copper-bottomed, finney-fincher "
loves him some frahd cheekeen!!!!
"okay    i really have to close my facebook so that people like <propfirst> <propmale> don't say that \i love me some frahed chicken!\"" when i'm not there """
will never learn                          fraaaaaaahd cheeeeeekeeeeeeen!!!! grape drank!
for the last time <propfirst> <propmale>!!! and i swear i closed my facebook this time
well i officially hate research papers  reason 1    pointless  reason 2    time consuming  reason 3    sleep deprivation 
"<propfemale> garden, a free show for two nights, some money, no classes, family and friends, and a hydrogen fb bomb = one great birthday!!!  laugh "
sooo    yeah i was smart and cut my hair but forgot to use a guard    i am on recital tomorrow    fml!
wednesday recital =     ugh! i'm so glad that's over!
"well it's a good day i'd say    no classes, i'm not worried about juries as much anymore, solid gpa, i get to go home in less than a week, and over 500,000 points in bejeweled!  laugh "
celebration = badass!
cannot wait to get home!!! one more then it's off to go sing barbershop and relax for four months!!!
sooo    yeah    my phone screen is broken    and i can't see texts so i strongly recommend calling instead  it's funny because this same thing happened last year  i think it's <propfemale>   playful 
couldn't sleep but just discovered the beastiness of pandora!!!  laugh  what a great way to get over waking up at like 5 in the morning
my phone is finally working!!!  laugh 
finally e playful erienced the mind-raping power of inception! that was awesome!
the best thing about driving home with your best friend's parents who are white - the strange looks people give you in a gas station 
yea!!! move in day and i get to see everyone!!! boo!!! waking up at 5 smile 0 in the morning 
settled in the bearcat country  this year will be awesome!!!  laugh 
i officially hate sight reading    and i still have another audition monday with sight reading on piano  life is great   
and now    the anticipation    the final list goes up tomorrow!
so pretty much every status on my <propfemale> says something about game day  so in that respect    go bearcats!!!
<propfemale>    yeah my soul has is kinda gone    because it's now officially sold to show choir!!!!  laugh 
well after tonight i will never think of marshmallows or ice cream sandwiches the same again  but it was still hilariously fantastic!!!  laugh 
"so the most productive day ever    waking up, watching avatar (well most of it), taking a nap, eating chicken noodle soup while watching a three hour futurama marathon, then aziz ansan and to top it off a <propfirst> carstensen investigation after seeing a comedy central commercial for a website for men who like cougars     no further comments   "
"so    in cit at this moment    \do i care that i'm on facebook? \i think    no "
the game!!!  playful 
i got my madraliers costume!!! it comes with a brown hat and a fur vest    i look ridiculous but i don't care!  laugh 
"bass sectional, combo rehearsal, then lasagna at momma g's!!!  laugh "
rain   (4:18:40) oh    is it stopping? (4:19) it'll start again in like three minutes 
"dear computers and info tech professor,\we are in college, therefore we have the <propfemale> of not staying in class when we take a test that's only 10 minutes long and have no other assignments to do  staying for 40 minutes after the test is over is really uncool!\thank you fb for letting me vent\<propfirst> andrews"
"facebook, movies, and ice cream make doing homework so much harder  who invented these wonderful distractions?!"
quelf + awesome friends + mouth written poetry = fantastic night!!!  laugh 
20 people in gospel choir today!!! oh yeah!!!  laugh  what a good way to end a long day 
movies and ice cream    i see good things in the future  laugh 
i think robot unicorn attack is a virus (not a bad one) that very few people are immune to and the people that aren't immune are most likely playing it    right now   playful 
madraliers tour= awesome!  laugh  and i guess my name is abu now   
tower choir = ba! simply put 
nwmsu madraliers concert is tonight!!! it will be awesome!!! who's excited    this guy!
<propmale> niedt = mind-blowing and madraliers = awesome thus meaning that dn+m = mind-blowingly awesome concert!  laugh 
on our way to kansas for concert number two!
"this new \see friendship\"" thing is kinda cool! it's probably been there for months and i never noticed """
"busy week    recital, practicing, caroling, tc tour on friday (yes!!!), and a paper    and studio stuff    and other rehearsals and concerts friday and sunday  sooooooo glad thanksgiving break is only like a week away!!!"
sleep after a long day    i think yes 
attention tuesday    i don't care about you    just an fyi 
in omaha!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
food
my tummy is very thankful for the dinner it was given  om nom nom!!!
"black friday           at home, well-rested, and without battle scars  i think i made a good choice!!!  playful "
"dear thanksgiving break,\\where the hell did you go?\\sincerely,\me (and everyone else on break)"
feaste in 20-ish hours!!!!  laugh 
feaste!!!  laugh 
huzzah!!! feaste was so awesome! my last three status have been about feaste but whatev!!! so much fun!!!  laugh 
cafe night was fun! singing high notes wasn't but meh    my excuse    i'm a bass 
"celebration!!! let's live it up and get your dance on because, in this fast paced life, the big city beat is our for the taking!  laugh "
no    more    classes!!!! thus meaning i will be home in six days and a few hours!!!  laugh 
instead of liking every status i see    good job everyone who passed pros juries upper levels! (if you didn't pass don't be sad because there's always next semester!)  laugh 
going home in a little more than 12 hours!!! ahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!  laugh 
home!!!  laugh 
"i, <propfirst> andrews, lick chronic butts   "
"i want to give a big hug to my brother <propmale> non-stop andrews  for hacking my fb  i give an a for the time it took to realize it, and a b for originality  but you're still a douchebag  playful "
well    my phone is off still so i can't send a mass happy holidays text    but this will be just a good    happy holidays everyone!!!
well    it's just about 9 in the morning and i think i've gotten about an hour of sleep    estimated time i'll crash    about 5 o'clock  (maybe   )  playful 
hmm    what to do on new year's <propfemale>   
