415a079479778f7600617f822b727602
"happy new year's everyone! i hope you will have a great 2010!! i feel so weird, this year has gone by way too fast! go 2010!!!!!!"
"so i was going to the fridge to get some jell-o, and when i opened the door i completely forgot what i was going to get  now i'm on the computer, still wanting jell-o, but too lazy to get it  that's just perfect, isn't it?"
why cant weekends be longer? why is there so much homework? ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
my computer finally works!!!yay!!!
watching scooby doo with my brother      velmas gonna jump off a building!!!!!!!!ah!!!!!!!!!
nighty night everyone
im hungry        i want hamburgers sooooo bad right now!!!
good night!
is still sick       wednesday night i woke up coughing so hard i couldnt breathe!  sad  monday the doctors said i had a bad virus    now there saying i have a bad cold!!!
hey everyone! just updated my pieces of flair so check it out! well only if you want to     but i love all of the ones i have! most of them are about converse   shocking i know  smile 
these people i dont even know keep sending me friend requests!!!!ive gotton like 20 since last night!!!!! did i mention i dont know them?!?
im watching the 1st godfather       one of my all time faves!!!! all 3 are on tonight!!!!its a glorious day!!!hahaha lol
broncos and steelers game is on- broncos are winning  o yeah <propmale> i sent you the quiz invitation  smile 
even though i slept in this morning     i wanna go back to bed!!! im soooo tired  o yeah and my mommy came home from miami  smile 
hey! i just updated my pieces of flair check it out if you want to!
yay! im so happy! <propfemale> was over and she taught me how to walk in high heels! im so happy now!!!
i finally learned how to walk in heels!!!!!!
three cheers for the weekend! hip hip hooray!!!!
hope everyone has a good thanksgiving tomorrow! be thankful and eat lots of turkey! unless you are a vegetarian nevermind 
just saw the new glee      theres only 2 more episodes left this season!!!!
i got new boots they are cool  they have reindeers on them   smile 
i just saw the blind side       and now i have a new favorite movie  i am not giiving anybody an option!!! you must see it! its hilarious!!!
9 school days until our class's christmas party!! i dont know if i did the class's thing right but who cares   
joplin is making me watch prom night!! reaaly creepy     anyway band concert is tonite good luck to all my friends in band and choir
went to the mall today     god i cant wait for winter break!
cold day in new mexico  smile 
i do not love <propfirst> bieber!
our computer works again! yay! it's about time!
happy 1 1 11!!!!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> is scaring me        and <propfirst> is obsessed with his ipod  he might never talk to me again  sad 
<propfemale>'s new idea: a goth <propmale>! hahahaha!!!!!!!!
according to you im stupid im useless i dont do anything right~ orianthi hahaha i love that song!!!
im playing the piano with my bootey! ~joplin hahahahahahahahahaha lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! idk if i spelled bootey right but whatever
awwww the valentines day dance is on my b-day           thats good and bad
american idol tonite  smile  yayyyyyy
sick today  sad  not fun 
friday      so happy youre here
jb is gonna be on snl in april!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
take me take me outta here it makes me feel so feel so na na na na naaaa baby baby here we are all crazy you dont have to worry na na na na naaaa so follow me down (where to) out of this town (with you) girl youre movin way too slow so follow me down ill show you around - follow me down by 3oh!3  love  that song now!
yay finally got my phone!!!
yay   no school tomorrow for me!!  smile 
homework     enough said  sad 
"im happy  i dont know why, but im happy   smile "
"girl, put your records on, tell me your favorite song, you go ahead let your hair down sapphire and faded jeans, i hope you get your dreams, just go ahead let your hair down    love   ~put your records on~  love  by <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>"
pajama day on friday     smile  we havent had that in years!!! im excited
life sucks       sad 
ugh why am i getting sick so much?!? well at least it spring break!!!  smile 
im addicted to tag pictures!!! theyre so fun  smile 
"deleted one of my \friends\"" ahemahemlyraahemahem"""
got done shopping  smile  it was fun
just saw psycho    craziest movie ever! it was epic! the dude really is psycho   haha   get it? yeah     
snow!!!!!!! just what you need to start spring break        and why does it snow in new mexico if its a desert??? i dont get it!!!
why couldnt it snow when we had school???? why during spring break?
"today is officially one of the most boring days of my life  then again, its a monday "
"there is a virus speading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from me or any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus  it will steal info, infest your system and shut it down  do not open the link  please repost this in your status "
u smile: best song ever!!!!!!  smile 
"some people bug me  and act really rude its over, i'm not even gonna try anymore  cause nothing can spoil my happy mood!"
<propfemale> <propfemale> with friends tomorrow!!!! sooooooo excited!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"my mom pulled me out of bed today  really  like, she grabbed my ankles and pulled me!!!!and hit me!!!! and, worst of all, she took off the blankets!!! my room was freezing!!!  sad "
i like long weekends  alot!
watching the blind side- forgot how funny it is  smile 
 love  life   im happy  laugh 
ahhhhh! <propmale> urban was awesome on idol tonite!  smile 
im at cliffs  smile  about to go on the tilt a whirl!!! im pumped!
hiccups+rollercoaster= disaster!
charlotte: i have a faaaat belt!
is gonna go see date night! <propfemale> fey is one funny lady
one of the perks of having a middle school and elementary school combined is    we still get field day! haha so fun!
yes! summer!
i  love  the coolpix commercials with <propfemale> kutcher  they're so funny  laugh 
babysitting today   and wondering why they call it 'babysitting'    
is gonna go swimming    and im not looking forward to it  annoyed 
reading!
if you like this status i will put something on your wall that i like about you  put this as your status update as a challenge for your self 
is gonna go see killers with <propfemale> and joplin!  smile 
why do people on the radio say that they're gonna play '30 minutes of continuous music' but they always talk in between every song? that's interrupting!  sad 
what should i have for dinner?? i can never decide     
i only like bananas if theyre in my cheerios  just thought you would like to know 
ahhhh! i got a new phone!!  smile 
im watching the blues brothers
is listening to bohemian rhapsody by    glee! (duh!)  smile 
stuck in the movies   the screen keeps blacking out   they better give us a refund or something!
if your brave you'll copy this to you status and see what people rate you  (1)crazy (2)wish we went out (3)talkative(4)sarcastic (5)loveble (6)sexy (7)strong ( smile dumb (9)spoiled (10)mouthy (11)wild (12)goofy (13)funny(14)awesome(15)amazing(16)beautifull (17)cute (1 smile best friend!!!!
leaving on saturday   and just found out that i'll have to get up at 5 in the morning     me waking up this early on a saturday morning is not good!
im super tired and its only 8    
r i p  <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
going to bed now     and going to wake up in 5 hours   greaaaaaaat     
hahaha    i only got 2 hours of sleep last night and for some strange reason im kinda hyper
in <propfirst>  smile 
chicago    windy    oprah! haha  smile 
i've been up for 16 hours straight and traveling all day    so i'm kinda (really) tired     
looks like its gonna rain here  annoyed \
yay! science museum today!  smile 
last night there was a sunset at 9 smile 0! absolutely amazing     
sleep is always a good thing  a really good thing 
wrigley field tomorrow!
just stopped at 2 litte girls' lemonade stand and their mom thought i was 16! haha
45 dollars for parking at a mcdonalds  only in <propfemale>     
im at wrigley field! go cubs gooooooo!
if you text me i'll give you a cookie!  smile 
im at the top of the sears tower now  smile 
just got complimented and now im in the best mood ever  smile 
at legoland    
happy 4th of july! my favorite holiday!
goin home in 2 days  sad 
haha    just bought $21 worth of clothes at forever 21    hahaha
urghhhh stuck in the city  annoyed 
wow! someone just flipped off my mom for honking   something im not gonna miss about chicago
saw eclipse last night with <propfemale> <propfirst> and joplin finfrock     it was amazing!  smile 
so this guy i don't even know made me an admin in a group i don't even remember joining    
linsanity lohan is going to prison    fail! hahahahaha
thank you tavon! hahahahaha
i feel really sick  sad 
i just ate the last poptart in our house    and now im sad that i can't eat another one     
yay! rihanna & ke$ha concert tomorrow!  smile 
im at the concert and im freaking excited!  smile  ahhhh!
<propfirst> mayer's songs always make me feel happy  smile 
gonna go see inception with joplin! seems like a weird movie    
yay! guess who's gonna be on csi???  smile 
i  love  ra ra riot!!  smile 
loving the rain  smile 
really wants to watch the sound of music!
"who knows me best!? full name, age, birthday, nickname, favorite color,hobies, & eye color  put this as your status & see what you get   smile "
about to go camping  smile 
sooo excited to see dinner for schmucks!!  smile 
so i cut my leg by accident    and was freaking out about it (even though it was pretty small)     then i put 4 band aids on it     and now im better  smile  haha
yay! <propfemale> <propfemale> with <propfemale> <propfirst> and joplin finfrock !  smile 
so my new habit is     brushing my hair 
can't wait for <propmale>'s!  laugh 
"dear <propfirst> swift,thank you for always making me feel a little bit better  love, me  smile "
gonna dye my hair tomorrow  smile 
no school! don't start tomorrow!!!  sad 
why do i need a quiz to tell me who my favorite singer is??? silly facebook  playful 
"i love <propfemale> <propfirst>, but seriously! the radio plays california gurls waaaaaay too much "
oh how i love <propfirst> in the box's food      laugh 
late night shopping trips at the grocery store with my friends is always fun  laugh 
vampires suck really did suck but it was pretty funny    
so addicted to the game klondike on my ipod!
"me annoyed why is the government and economy bad!?!\""joplin annoyed ""because    \""me annoyed ""because why?\""joplin annoyed ""because there are weeds in my backyard!\""  smile  lol"""
its kinda ironic that i hate tomatoes but love ketchup!  smile 
don't you hate it when guys on the radio start screaming and then you're all like 'shut up!' and then they just get louder??
are you serious??? ugh my ipod just deleted everything it has on it! > sad 
<propmale> of anything by <propfemale> bareilles is kinda my anthem right now  smile 
buffalo wings for breakfast    yum!  smile 
12 days and counting until glee!!!  laugh 
"mom annoyed my birthday is coming up soon\""me annoyed "" hahaha 16 days til you're ooold!!!\"" smile  love ya mom"""
so    did ya'll hear that <propfirst> swift wrote a song about kanye and she's gonna perform it tonight at the vma's?? it'll be awesome!    and praying a certain someone will win best new artist  wink 
im kinda in love with that new rihanna song
ah! i just saw devil and now i am never going on an elevator again  seriously 
why can't girl scout cookies be sold all year long?  sad  i want my samoas!!
so    glee was super funny tonight!  laugh 
today's gonna be a good day  im happy smile 
just finished the largest ice cream cone known to man  i feel accomplished smile 
i showed my mom who panic at the disco is today  it was really funny 
so who's going to the balloon fiesta tonight?  smile 
so   people need to buy bubble guns or i'm standing out here for nothing  playful 
why oh why must it rain now?  surprise 
<propfirst> swift's new song is definitely my new favorite!  smile 
aww   i'm starting to feel sick again  my throat hurts (again) so thanks <propfemale>! haha jk
"walking around target, holding socks, and singing <propfemale> songs  i would only do this in public with my best friends smile "
longest  day  ever! and its not even over  sad 
"if you like this status i will post the answers   1  something i learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of \3  my first memory of you \4  the animal you remind me of \5  ask something ive always wondered about you \   6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname \8  i'm challenging you to post this "
all i did was compliment someone's hair     and it turns into a life lesson  annoyed 
"sittin on the hood of the car,in my sweats,  drinkin hot chocolate,eatin cold pizza,and looking at the sky yes im a total dork,and yes, im loving every second smile "
"\behind my smile is everything you'll never understand \"""""
and that's what you missed on glee!  smile 
according to the dentist i don't have any cavities! yay!  laugh  aaaand   im not sure why i had to share that  playful 
i can't tell you how happy i am for today to end  its been waaaay to long 
yes! they're selling the beatles on itunes!!!!  laugh 
yay!!! im at the 3oh!3 hellogoodbye concert!
just finished a watching a guy that was drunk out of his mind sing karaoke  one word: epic!
i'm kinda ashamed to ask this    but can someone please e playful lain to me what the number game thing is??  playful 
making cookies!  smile  and feeling better  laugh 
dennys at 10:45 at night? you know it!
what's the point of winter if it doesn't snow?!?
twirled and pranced and frolicked in the new snow this morning  smile 
must fall asleep  must fall asleep  must fall asleep  must fall asleep  must fall asleep  must fall asleep  i can't fall asleep!
"just saw a magazine that had a \countdown of the best and worst beach bodies\""  i think its so sad that people have to judge others based on how they look   """
i feel so un-christmasy! i've been listening to coldplay all day instead of christmas songs     playful 
is anyone else anticipating that <propfirst> bacon commercial whenever you turn on the tv? no? just me? ok 
<propfemale> christmas! have a blessed day today everyone  smile 
haha its funny how i wake up and wonder if there's a snow day   so the first thing i do is check facebook   
"i think i'm just going to watch the superbowl to watch football, not rooting for any teams  so   yay black and green and yellow!  wink "
kinda excited to go to state for the national geographic thing  smile 
super bass ~ <propfemale> minaj  love 
i've got bruises  from pe  when we played with a parachute     hahaha
