a549b8c5268ec413bab2faab5d71d34b
listening to music    talk to me    others arent   pweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeze  ill luh you for like a second if you do    i got my game on!!!!
sunburn galore!!!! blue bayou rocks! i refused to wear any footware or sunblock  i regret it now  lol
bet no one knows that i was so bored that i figured out the square root of 32    well its 5 6568543  now if anyone ever asks what the square root of 32 is you will know   
gahh!!!! food is evil  it is so delicious i just had to eat     oh well      smile 
i wish i could just freeze life sometimes   
i'm sucking on a fork!!!
happy new year everyone! i hope you all have an amazing 2011!
look what i can do people1 i can write a news feed! i'm so amazing    > smile 
i am trying to play scrabble on facebook but no one seemes to be on    sad  very sad
so i've had a virus on my computer for a while now and i can't get it off    but i have found a way to avoid it! yay me and my smartness!!! lol    i tried to restore my computer but there were no dates to restore my computer to    oh well  i'm happy with what i have done   smile 
just downloaded mozilla firefox    thats the third internet browser i can now use    lol im so weird
"the soundtracks from \rent\"" are amazing! it has some of the best music ever """
i'm using a <propfemale> laptop    it's hard to type  curse my hands that make it hard to type with <propfemale> laoptops!!!
"the first day or weekend i learn to drive, i'm so going to see <propfemale> at lsu  *sigh* my little friend is ghrowing up so fast  where did the time go?"
i wish there was a machine that printed out my thoughts  sometimes i haven't the slightest idea what i'm thinkning about  i would love to share my thoughts to the world  sometimes   
"i just remembered something!!! i'm so freaking awesome that i proved that the number fourty sevn is interesting, to my brothers  altough i can't do it to them ever again unless they forget how i proved or just become stupid, but it was fun  yay go me!"
"going to florida this weekend!!!! ha! although it will be for pride, i could care less  more beach time for me!!!"
i have nothing to do     i'm so bored   sad 
"i just watched \dear john\"" and now i'm sad  it was a good movie but it still made me sad """
florida was fun  i didn't get to sunburned   smile 
someone should teach me how to drive  i lost a bet and now i have to drive to see my friend  teach me please!
i get on facebook everyday    it just hit me that i never actually have anything to do here  what keeps me coming back? and what is it that keeps me staying on?
so yesterday i was swimming with my family  my brothers an i were playing around and i jabbed my thumb into my brothers knee  i now have  hard time opening my phone  i never knew how useful thumbs were  i have taken advantage of my fingers since i knew how to use them  i don't think i will anymore    (tear)
"i'm in the mood hold hands with my best friend, <propfemale> my head back, start spinning in circles, and laughing untill i become dizzy "
"as i eat my french fries, i wonder, \why did the chicken cross the road?\"""""
the best part of cooking food is you get to taste it before everyone else  anyone who breaks this rule is subject to getting hit with a spatula 
if i could fly i would never be bored    sigh    curse my inability to fly 
i dont know what to do     i'm so bored    people should talk to me 
i have nothing to do    i can't even form an interesting thought    how am i supposed to entertain myself if my own mind won't think of funny things    grr
"so i've noticed how the only way converations start, (through texting i mean) is if i am the first to send a message    no one ever texts me first    the only time my phone will say one new message is after i have sent a meessage    it's so not fun   "
grr    my phone had a date with the washer   
"i have a phone again!!! its a phone i had a year and a half ago!!! i really believe the saying \patience is a virtue\"" now  lol"""
nothing to do    waiting for my mind to come up with something for me to do   
"because of <propfirst>'s awesomeness, my laptop, which had a very bad virus, is now fixed and has windows 7! thank you <propfirst>!!! i owe you big time   smile "
bored  so bored  why do people sleep??? it bugs me 
the book of <propmale> is an amazing movie!!! i recommend that everyone watch it    very good   smile 
"okay, so an undershirt, a dark red shirt, and jeans make a fat guy get reeeeeaaaalllyyy hot     in both ways  the sexy kind of hot and the temperature hot   "
the livingston perish school board is thinking or has already approved the teaching of creationism     grr    
jacuzzi tubs are the bomb!!!
getting my hair highlighted again!!! yay!!!
i've had a good weekend  i'm gonna miss my computer    with all of it's windows 7 awesomeness    wish i could stay just a bit longer    but i've had a good break from everything  so i don't mind going back home  i'm going to enjoy the rest of the time i have here though    family and computer time!!! what could be better? oh yeah    friends    lol
it's amazing how much things mean to you and you don't even ralize it untill it's to late    broadmoor was a much better school than i gave it credit for    i miss everyone there   
bordem struck me like a bat to a baseball   dang   
tonight was one of the best nights i've had in a while    my mom actually sat at the table to eat dinner!!! there is a first for everything     laugh 
einstein's impossible riddle was very fun  i like trying to figure things out like that   the hints give you all of the information you need to know  you just need to think a little   laugh 
just spent a lot of time looking at pictures   i wish i had a flashdrive to save some of them though    saving to the computer isn't very fun 
"i love christmas! family coming together, the smiles, the laughter, and everything that come along with christmas  it's just amazing   !  smile  i hope everyone has a wonderful christmas time!"
when i can finish a 4x4 rubik's cube without any trouble i'm moving on to a 5x5    that might take a while but i'm willing to wait   laugh 
everyone is getting ready for the new year! everyone is making resolutions! i hope everyone has a wonderful time  we all deserve to be happy! i love everyone!
so vitamin waer is so much better than i thought it was  it's awesome! thanks mom! lol i love you!
"wow    i never knew how long my hair looked from the back before it was cut i never could get a glimpse of my head from the back  i'm going to have to grow it out again sometime  i miss having long hair  right now though, short hair is fine "
