00cd7fd9249c262d39bf7ff0b81f0c7d
out of the woods 
"is currently registered for three math classes, including calc 2   this is not okay "
"hey, you nine people getting in my way of taking the classes i want, you should drop "
"well    goodbye, 4 0   it was nice knowing you "
does anyone have either a) a printer i could hook my laptop to or b) a computer printer with finale notepad??
project successfully-forge-my-way-into-duke-ldoc begins 
"question of the day: did i make it into duke ldoc?  yes, yes i did   did i get smuggled in in a car trunk?  maybe   "
"free things available in my room, first come first serve:  campbell's chicken noodle soup, starbucks via packets, chai tea, rice "
"let's try this again:  if you are a senior, post where you are going next year!"
can we just fast forward these next 5 days?
has completely hit a brick wall   would've been nice if that brick wall was just one week further away     hibernation begins friday 
hurray for 0 99-inch margins!
"astronomy exam tomorrow, then hitting up chapel hill with <propmale> cook, then hooome!  smile "
is home   smile 
artisphere with <propfirst> <propfirst> thompson!
"hey greenville, stop ignoring all my job applications  kthx "
"happy 2-year-old birthday, <propfemale>!"
probably won't be done unpacking when it's time to pack up for next year 
has absolutely nothing to do this week except get paid to pick up small children from school    anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
is so relieved to be surrounded by republicans again 
wants to do ctops again haha 
is now being attacked with jobs 
got a car  and a writing job with a publisher  all in one day 
misses anyone and everyone who usually finds themselves in <propmale> katz's room on any given night of the week!  you guys know who you are!!  reunion in sc?? yes?  laugh 
three days left of freedom   govie reunion this weekend??
is actually terrified of starting work next week!
why does everything happen on june 19th??  i need one of those things hermione had in the third book hahaha 
worked 42 hours this week   with 4 more tomorrow   death!
misses the <propmale> gang   sad 
happy summer solstice 
chapel hill   durham on saturday!!  smile   smile 
is in chapel thrill for the weekend   smile 
"had an awesome weekend with <propmale> katz, brayton hall, <propfirst> gibbons, <propfirst> kritchevsky, and <propfemale> teal!!!  wish i could have stayed longerrr! you guys are awesome   smile "
"any girls need a job for the rest of the summer??  or even for the school year if you are still in high school?  azia restaurant needs more hostesses, so let me know if you're interested and i can get you an application!"
lost my cello bow and my cell phone    what a fantastic weekend 
my lil bro who only 7yrs hates you to and dont even know what you did and is always blocking your chair haha!!
"has a phone again    but has no <propfirst> (again    i promise this is the last time)   anyone who sees this, post your number or send me a message with it!!  thanks "
team <propfirst> 
whoa    just stalked everyone who went to primer and first grade at christ church and i haven't seen since   so weird!!
"dear alarm clock,  why do you always fail me?"
ocean isle!
"this would happen, wouldn't it?"
"unc tuition for residents of north carolina: $6,665  for out of staters? $25,280  almost $10,000 more than it was six years ago   "
going home in the morning    not cool!  crying 
back to reality 
"has the greatest brother in the world, <propmale> cook!!"
