647f0362693e905e617d6ef78b66b896
cheers to a great year & a great 2010 
ufc:91   surprise 
is 7pm and stumbling
is sick as shit and downloaded 'ps i love you' instead of 'i love you man'  troubled 
dude mgmt!
is soaking up the last days of hi
is back at work -_________-
- up at 5!
"the arcade fire made the trailer for \where the wild things are\"""""
really liked the surprise party
bananarama
just had #77 on the top 100 beers in the world (according to ratebeer com and beeradvocate com)
had to use his passport to buy $97 worth of alcohol at bevmo 
is pretty sure the map was right
"on \why the world is flat\"""""
: 3
is wondering why he bothers trying to e playful lain himself 
needs to stop thinking about everything and go to work 
oh geeze district 9
alcohol party +1
is up at 5 smile 0 again  :[
"is violently hiding all of those quiz result updates, so that they will never show up again!  and for the last time i don't want to know what sex in the city girl you would most likely be!!!!!!  i already know i'd make the best <propfemale>   "
has hit a creative block and is suffering from a mild concussion   he's used music to stop the bleeding and is examining books to speed up the recovery process   unfortunately facebook isn't doing <propfirst> shit for anything 
just had a damn good meal in camarillo
"box margaritas, lime tostitos, and loitering  how classic "
is exhausted from packing
pulled the last <propmale>
wine bar!
decorated his roommates rooms with post-it notes in observance of post-it note day even though it really isn't post-it note day   
says having a half naked roommate running out of your door at 2am might get you a write up 
is making a special poster for his roomate out of cards he got in las vegas 
holy shit its 6am!  o o
"fuck, now its 7am! o o"
"is playing his music obnoxiously loud, and loving it   laugh "
has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
needs to stop waking up at 3 in the afernoon
was sewing a button on his jacket and lost the needle in his bed  [he will probably not sleep easy tonight   ]  surprise 
"is in need of a new sketchbook, so he's deciding to do the hipster thing, and make one     a trendy one    pretentious and stuff   "
is back from sf
"all i do is party - ha ha ha ha, all i do is party - ha ha ha ha, so bounce low (bounce low), bounce high (bounce high) [mstrkrft-bounce feat  nore]"
just finished hosting a wicked d a n c e  party!
just <propmale> rolled a classroom of 30 people
has gotten himself homesick looking at the street view of hawaii
mis pantalones de gallina se estan quemando en mi casa
thinks the rain is just - swell
just conformed and bought that call of duty game    its going to arrive on finals week      laugh 
is happily contemplating lines and existentialism  why?  because he's done with finals!
is back in hi
smells like fabreeze and vomit    classy   
passed out while brushing my teeth - woke up and finished brushing 
lesson 12:  saying you're not ignorant is ignorant 
has less than a week to party in hi!!!
i s dreunk
stabbed his tongue somehow
will be gone in 12 hrs     d:
just got back from san <propmale>
lazily finishing projects at 330 in the morning   
is sort of working on his paper   
is makin' home made long island iced teas ^^
is stil sore from p90x
is going to fall asleep while walking to classss        zzz     -_-     
is ecstatic   laugh 
is listening to parisian goldfish by flying lotus
"woke up this morning with a slight hangover - checked my email and realised i had bid on an item while drunk on ebay last night   thankfully it was a good buy!  i spent this morning deleting 27 items i apparently put on my watch list      troubled   ugh, what time is it?"
"ugh, 3 more pages to go    type type type type type type"
moiunihytfcrexwrsdtguyhihghffdszvnmmmf
is happy st pttyse dey o  ijluj            
i just had 6 people update their relationship status on my feed wth
my sister just got engaged!!!!  laugh 
"has gotten 15 hrs of  sleep after a 30 hour day of capstone work + classes and feels fuckingawesome   now, round 2 "
just hit the 40 hr month listening alowence on pandora  and now its telling me to come back on may 1st   
oh f  kk   
"is graduated, officially working, & moved into the new apartment!"
"is going to the dmv\avg wait time = 1 hr 6 min\ sad "
"has gone to the dmv\actual wait time = 2 hr 30 min\:["
"probably broke his exclamation point key while typing responses, but thats ok!!! thanks for the wishes!!!!  laugh "
will be back on the 15th
island bound - 840am   zzz   
last saturday in hi!!!!
"oh man, one more day to live up the hilife"
don't fix my smile   life is long enough   we will put this    flesh   into the ground again  
oh god    minecraft is awful  where the hell did tuesday go?
att finally came through and fixed the telephone lines  finally got internet back after 3 days   damn near killed myself   
wtf is all this talk about rapture!?
til <propmale> moore (skrillex) was originally in from first to last   makes a lot of sense 
thanks for the wishes!!
so    much    shots    ugh    
just finished chopping some wood -_-  time for some light reading and a gin tonic
ughhh     never playing the fast and the furious drinking game ever again with <propfemale>   every time someone gets punched in the face- 1 drink  lost the game before half time 
