e00cde5acd47dd05d78c546124c092b2
i am soooo bored
really hating this closing thing! i want back on my days!!!! i dont want to just sit here and wait to go to work 
<propmale> and i out on a proper date! been almost a year since we went out 
"what a boring night tonight,  very slow all night "
damn it who got my turtle?
i'm finally back home!  think the only thing i'm gunna miss is living in town
"t g i f, its about damn time "
stupid snakes got mites again  biggest reason i hate living in the country!!
"stupid  cranky, sick, bitch strikes again!!! i guess i should look at it as 3 day weekend "
"leave one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot, anything you remember  don't send a message, leave a comment on here  next, re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you  leave it for 24 hours, it could be          interesting what people remember about you!! see if anyone has anything i dont remember!"
"loving my 3 day week end, just sitting around doing nothing! yay!"
congrats <propfirst> and <propfemale> on the new baby!!!
my mom is here      first time we have seen each other in 9 yrs        this is sooo exciting
"we won our competition at work last week, nice change of pace for us"
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  a house, she will give you a home  groceries she will give you a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart  she mulitiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her crap, be       ready to receive a ton of shit        post it on your wall if you agree,hope to see every girl repost it"
"so night from hell get a call at work that my place is on fire, finally get home to fine everything in my living room, kitchen, hallway, and bathroom covered in ash and soot  but we are all ok and all the animals are ok but for now im homeless"
"ok well so after assessing the damage we have no kitchen, or much of a living room  so right now the things i need help with is mostly the reptiles, and tortuous, water turtle, fresh water fish, snake, lizard or cat supplies would be most appreciated, but anything u use in a kitchen would be great,  dishes, pots, pans, utensils, or any type of small appliances would be great "
"so its odd, i think i am more mad at the fact that i cant get help getting the fire cleaned up then i am about the house catching fire  gurrrrrrr ppl suck"
tired of facebook being retarded         gimmie my messages gurrrrrr
"gawd this sucks, im sick as hell and have to get up at 3 am tomorrow for my first opening shift  why does the world hate me "
well my first open went well but i hate being sent home early 
gawd im dressed up with nowhere to go
omg is it bad to say hitting my head with a hammer would be relief from this headache?
"brown, a 13 year old boy in texas shot himself in thehead after years of bullying torment for being gay  <propmale> walsh, also13, <propmale> himself from a backyard tree  <propfirst> clementi, 18 & a freshman at rutgers, jumped off the gw bridge -his roommate broadcast video of <propfirst> with another guy  today, i stand up to those bullies in their honor  if you care to stand up with me, please post this as your status!"
"ok so i have to say something about the abundance of stupid ppl today  so there is so far 3 ppl today that have posed up when they are not going to be home!? so i just want to make sure that they realize that all they are doing is saying, \hellow robbers im going to be out of town state at this time and so if you want come on in and have some stuff go for it!! i mean really ppl how stupid can we get?"""
"in every 10 people are born gay  that means 1 of every 10 people are instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority, andso much else, all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens aregoing to suicide as a way of escaping if you want to tell them life will get better, and you respect them for who they  are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% who will "
"youand i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would yousay to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in yourstatus -- fair is fair -- play along  surprise p)"
fake (+)(+) perfect (o)(o) perky ( wink ( wink  cold (^)(^) and even grandma's\\  \\  big ( o )( o ) or small ( )( ) save them all! repost for breast cancer awareness!!!! or just cause its funny!
choose lyrics from any song that remind you of me and post them below     re-post this as your status     and i'll think of some that make me think of you!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same, for the nspcc  until monday (december 6th), there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children "
read each sentence: this is this cat  this is is cat  this is how cat  this is to cat  this is keep cat  this is a cat  this is retard cat  this is busy cat  this is for cat  this is 40 cat  this is seconds cat  now read every third word in each sentence  smile 
"so let me get this straight    <propfirst> <propmale> is on his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all"
"got to love how bullshit drama brings out the children and ignorant people, but you get to know what ppl really think about you when they hear the stories and believe them  rather then just shrug their shoulders and say whatever "
well the home test is positive now its time to go to a doc  smile   sad 
"its official i am prego, guessing about 11 weeks, ultrasound next week!"
"so currently my phone doesnt work, so noone can get ahold of me sorry ppls!"
