d95f548e0807f8120353f7d37c635d62
where's <propmale> <propfirst>?
work it cox  do work 
raise yo fingers up if you're supposed to be doin' homework     yeah 
"when he came up to the window there was a sound of, a crescendo  oh"
zombieland is tha shiznit 
"i can exercise you, this can be your phys <propmale>  cheat on your <propfemale>n <propfemale>, thats how you get it ahizzead "
"it was <propfemale> yesterday, who screwed it up for today?"
"chillin' in wellington, nz"
about to go soak in some mud pools 
come on    no school    come on
friggin cancel it already!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pknywo2fjcy
still haven't considered doing chemistry
"i said ooh girl, shock me like an electric eel baby girl, turn me on with electric feel"
"you've got to press it on you, you just think it, that's what you do baby, hold it down  dare "
its all about the house music and it always has been 
still haven't started   
im a girl  i make fb groups about boys when i should be in the kitchen  <-- this 
is it gonna snow on friday?
"we're the three best friends that anybody could have, the three best friends that anybody could have  and we'll never ever ever ever ever ever ever leave each other "
"you ever eat a whole bag o' crackers, that were so old that they weren't crispy anymore    have you ever been    as fuck "
alabama hot pocket
sleep  wake up  run my game  sleep 
"don't be afraid, with the quickness you get laid, for your family get paid, it's the wrong way   "
"i pissed her off, great "
i was a dental hygenist! workin' on dem teeth!
dayum that shit was tight   
"i'm <propmale>, bitch"
"bite is the thing most rappers do, yo i can write my own shit too, i can understand things most rappers say, 'cause rappin' is my thing and i do it every day, i'm the number one rapper yo, my name is sven i can rap more raps than a superman can, so i'm the guy on your radio, also rockin' to the rhythm in ster-e-er-e-o    and you don't stop and you won't stop"
"out in the streets, they call it murder   "
"slow mo, when the tempo slows up and creates that new, new, he seems alive though he is feelin' blue, the sun is shinin man he's super cool, cool "
too much homework argh - listen to ratatat instead
"hello, is indiana jones there? no motherfucka he's fake"
"kush is my cologne, ku-kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong"
i hate notecards
"'cuz when you look at me, i'll be digesting, your legs "
"there she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of  donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses  - <propmale> 23:20"
"chickity-check yourself, before you wreck yourself "
"'cause i've got friends in all the right places, i know what they want, and i know they don't want me to stay "
where are you?
airsoft 
"stare at the <propfemale>, while you still can"
"ayy, got my phone back  finally"
"it's crunch time, term paper "
one    more    <propfemale>   
don't be such a jew  - my favorite bible teacher 
get crunk
"i ain't happy, i'm feelin' glad, i got sunshine in a bag, i'm useless, but not for long, the future is comin' on "
is everything going to work out? who knows 
sup swon?
"this goes out to you, and you, and you, and you   "
"it's the hard knock life, for us, instead-a treated, we get tricked, instead-a kisses, we get kicked "
"when i fly solo, i fly so high, i fly so high, don't touch me now "
black and white <propfemale>? meh 
do you hear that? is that the sound of n surprise ne caring?
after school was fun!  laugh 
"intense jam session in the morning today, eh <propfirst> box?"
"can't stand your loneliness, can't stand loneliness "
19 days to go 
airsoft all day!
i'm dead tired 
"i think i know you best when i sleep, i think i know everything "
   and we all went to heaven in a little row boat  there was nothing to fear and nothing to doubt 
"airsoft at ssairsoft , aye "
"yesterday the sky was you, and i still feel the same "
poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop
<propfirst> <propfemale> is beautiful  
"manchester orchestra, o'brother, and thrice killed it  g'night folks "
"someone take me away from here, bored as fuuuuuuu-"
d+ in english  term paper due tommorow  2 pages done  5 bad sources  oh what have i done?
why are my eyelashes so damn long?
i was lost then and i am lost now  and i doubt i'll ever know which way to go 
"iv confidential x - shit, i forgot my lighter "
ay swon?
noigel thornburreh
bacon or beer can?
i wanna uppercut the pope  in the balls  and be yelling at the same time 
<propfirst> woodard :                 kagameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
mmm    winterfresh  minty 
why is everyone sick? damnit 
"\i'm rounding up the troops of our generation \"""""
my ears are ringing 
rawr?
laaaaaaazy sunday 
<propfirst> gang or beat off with sandpaper?
kush 'n orange juice 
"we are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it\\always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it  \on and on and on we are calling out and out again,\\never looking down i'm just in awe of what's in front of me "
"the only person who never makes mistakes is the person who \never does anything "
kick it with the planes and it'll be your last flight 
ask me if you want to know the whole story  otherwise you're missing out 
would you trade your soul for gold? would you trade your soul? would you trade   
she's got a moist <propfemale>
yah trick yah?
truth or dare?
noice noice!
runnin' in the rain
behold! the night mare    rides on
just bought some water balloons  aww yeh <propmale> 
oh shi-
no phone = bored as fuck
beats
rj berger? hell yeh
"finally got my damn phone back, hahaha"
ain't it nice to have people that care for ye?
<propfirst> coast
"drivers <propmale> this week, gonna have a jolly good time "
doin' weird shit later tonight  cool beans!
touching my nipple fer fun
learning stick shift  badass
"don't text and drive kids, otherwise dr  <propmale> will harass you on national television "
"wub wub wub, shuffle shuffle shuffle, wub wub wub"
"no apologies ever need be made, i know you better than you fake it"
who's goin' to the indian thingy in nashville on friday?
deutschlaaaaaaaaaaaaaand!
the pumpkins aren't coming to <propfemale>  sweet  -_-
"i think you're a contra    yeah, that's it"
deutschlaaaand! 3-0 against <propfemale>! lmao
curren$y - this ain't no mixtape     real smooth
world cup final at tin's house sunday?
"no phone, no phun"
why is there a drunk chinese man doing push ups on my front lawn? and why's he wearing lipstick?
mars vs venusssssssssssssssssss
"\style is opinion of what you seek so disregard thoughts what the next man thinks \"""""
i  love  colab 
i'm gonna buy a telescope and start stargazing 
"finally got my phone back, after a month of torture"
"\y'all smoke to enjoy it  i smoke to die \"""""
guess who's going to the jungle?! oh wait    nevermind 
"don't forget yourselves, we've made up our minds,\and we signed 3, 4, 5 on that dotted line   !"
yeah soooo    iphone   laugh 
watching meteors fall from the sky 
"if you live in the world of men, you may become a man  if you live in your own world, you will become yourself "
go outside  now 
"is god responsible for love, or are we? is it about helping people, or helping ourselves?"
school's such a feckin downer   
nuh : sorta like <propmale> 
"don't forget yourselves, we've made up our minds, and we signed 3, 4, 5 on that dotted line!"
"where are you going? can i come with you? i just don't feel right, when you're not here "
philosophical conversation: engage me in it 
"   then labor day came and went, and we shed what was left of our summer skin "
cross country locker room = swinging richards
change starts with the man in the mirror
"ouch, you bit me  -_- it's an extra slow day folks "
adtr isn't coming to <propfemale>  -_-
"if any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone "
"love is in the air, breathe deep "
would it be okay if i took your breath away?
what is it that separates us from animals? whatever you want it to be 
<propmale> field trip + cross country meet = school skippage? yehh
"\the xx : emo makeout music!\"" - <propfemale> white"""
xc homeys bummed me cash to get a shirt  i  love  them
"sometimes things get, whatever"
"my friends come first, that's the bottom line"
"fuck, i'm not 18 "
mega fail? perhaps 
"i just wanna make some damned music so   \let  me  be "
"speak now, or forever hold your peace    trick"
your way with words is through silence 
i'm in deep ishh
open your mind before you open your mouth!
no school tomorrow! oh wait  nevermind 
"what's with people constantly judging others before they meet them, or on their looks? jesus effin christ    facebook stalkin creeps  yeah i'm talking about you    ha"
apushing me to kill myself because it's so damn boring   
had fun at the xc banquet!
"i think i'll play black ops today  \gamertag: suprbaked"
<propfirst> addington is my hero!
"i recieved an interesting call from 'blocked' today at the end of 7th period     surprise \what a creep  she sounded familiar though  ha "
it's a rather strange world
do you want some gooki gooki?
"recorded over 2 hours of jams, but only 10 minutes got saved  aye sweet yeah?"
i wonder what would happen if i made a status about <propfirst> skrove
light photography
woe is me was aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
"hey guys, i'm sad, shower me with attention  )))))))))):"
"dude, i'm anti-studying right now, don't disturb me "
"yo, i wanna be a broadcast journalist    ha"
"i'd like to thank the devil inside for slamming so many doors\but i thank god for opening so many more"
"only on occasion, cuz my mind be racin, lost in my thoughts so my eyes be asian"
imbibed a cusqueña with the 'rents in peru  sweeeet
"behind every mask, lies a man, who can't live in his own skin  he lives by the flask, he bathes in his past, and he dies by his own sins "
the tundra
if i peed my pants would you pretend that i just got wet from the rain?
"   they might have the appearance of riches, but beneath the clothes, we find a man    and beneath the man we find    his    nucleus "
omgomgomgomg the tundra tomorrow!  surprise 
"anybody wanna buy me 5 drum heads, drumsticks, and guitar strings? pweeeeze?"
"<propmale> cheetah or mr  peanut? or perhaps pink panther? actually no, not the pink panther, <propmale> redenbacher "
despite all my rage i am still just a rat in a cage
where in the world is <propfirst> sarris?
i love (most of the people from) gacs 
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
acquired a fresh trim 
they call holidays an option for a reason   
"i really fucked it up this time, didn't i my dear?"
"i hate this town, it's so washed up   "
sometimes things get    ah fuck it 
two-headed boy   
omgwtfbbq
beware the ides of march 
may 25th: manchester orchestra and cage the elephant  hoooooooly shit fuckyeah 
whoremoans are getting to me 
"i don't mean\to seem like i care about material things\like our social stats\i just want\four walls and adobe slats\for my girls"
