99b3f1f595c0f5983a5e75bc9ff70aa1
happy new year!!!!
just realized how big of a year 2010 is gonna be for her   and got really scared   
"is wondering when it's gonna be about \we\"" instead of only \""me\""      :-\\"""
misses her mom and dad so much    happy father's day daddy  love 
wonders exactly how hard is it to wanna spend time with the person ur supposed to love   ?
doesn't wanna go to work  just wants to sleeeeepppppp  sad 
has one more day of work then a few days of vacation!!!  laugh 
is excited to be heading to <propfemale> with her loves for the 4th!!
is back to work for a week straight   ughhhh
loves her and her baby's new tattoos!!! pics to come later 
is goin to hershey park today with her loves!!!
just wants things to be perfect   
"can't decide what's worse, knowing and living in fear?  or not knowing?"
the countdown to senior year of college is starting    28 days    i don't wanna go     sad 
loves her baby's surprise!!!  laugh   goin to the beach!
is celebrating her anniversary with her love!  happy 3 years baby!!!  love   love 
has her last week of work     yay!!
is spending her last days in lancaster packing up her life     ughhhhh
is leaving to atlantic city  in the morning!!!!!  smile 
is home from ac      broke and exhausted   but had a blast!!
is leaving for home      sad 
is missing him already   didn't sleep well without him  sad 
is heading to mama's for dinner   i get to see my baby tonight!!  smile   heading up to mu on saturday  laugh 
is finally done unpacking  smile 
starts her senior year of college tomorrow    wierd
is missing the love her of life   a body pillow and a <propmale> bear just doesn't cut it at night   waiting for a good nights sleep  sad 
is ready to kickoff the fall softball season this saturday with a home game @ 1pm!!
steelers game!!!! wooooo!!
9 11 2001    we remember   
must have forgotten how to hit this summer    coooooool
's hand really hurts     use ur glove next time jackass   
is <propfemale> happy that the weekend is here   love 
"is always busy busy busy, always on the run and never has the time to just take a minute, take a deep breath and take it all in    this never-ending running around is starting to take its toll   i need a vacation"
"doesn't feel to well   doing work, taking nyquill and passing out for the night   clinic in the am"
"\life ain't always beautful   but it's a beautiful ride   \"""""
"dunno what i did, to earn a love like this   but baby i must be doing something right  love   love "
thought she would have known how to deal with the loneliness by now    my heart hurts  sad 
"is running in circles, i hurt myself just to find my purpose   "
"has a presentation, midterm paper and test standing between her and fall break!!!  love "
okkk sooo paper - check   now presentation and test standing between me and fall break  love     p s  i dare the snow to stop    
"midterm paper - check, presentation - check  one lil lousy test tomorrow and then home  smile   love   love "
"whoa snow, whoooooaaaa "
thinks that fall break went way to fast and she doesn't wanna go back to mu tomorrow      sad 
is back @ mu    unfortunately    had an amazing fall break  love 
"has class, catching and them hoooommmee  love   -- wedding tomorrow"
"has class, catching and then hoooommeee  love  -- wedding tomorrow"
is always freakin bussssyyyyy    ahhhhhhhh   i can't wait for the weekend
has practice in the morning and then leaving for home   hollywood undead @ the electric factory on saturday!!!!  laugh    soooo excited!!!!  love   love 
is starting to feel a little better   just to start a new week of busyness to get all rundown and sick again    ughhhhh!
nyquill + yankees + bed = happiness!!
can't stand hypocritical people    
   tell me i can't and i'll prove you wrong   
is excited that hollywood undead's new cd comes out today!  laugh 
thank you to everyone who served or is serving in our military  god bless and happy veterans day  love 
"you wanna play?  fine, let's play    it's on!"
thinks it's gonna be a good day   one class and new <propfemale> later  smile  and then tonight my love comessss  love   love 
is definately looking forward to going hooommmeee tomorrow  love   love 
"has class, practice, {packing}, class, {packing}, test, hommmme tonight!!  love   love "
is so thankful for everything and everyone in her life   happy turkey day  love   love 
wants the break back   mostly the being home with her boy part
"hates that her boy left this morning, she had a migrane all freakin day where she couldn't even read the board, and now learned that obama wants to keep us in war for another year and a half   fuccckkkkk"
got more christmas shopping done today!  laugh   back to school tomorrow for her last week of classes!!! yaaaaaay
is back @ school     watching the steelers game and doing work   tons to do but it's the last week of classes  laugh 
just wants this week to be over    ugh
home in 6  love 
"last day of classes!! (finally), meeting, class and shit to do before a well deserved nap  then making shirts with my mounties and <propmale> comes tonightttttt  it's a good day  love  love "
"welp, scratch that   at least i still have my mounties tonight  love "
cannot focus for even a half hour to freakin study     ugggghhhh it's gonna be a long finals week
"1 final down, 2 and a paper to go      home in 3  love  christmas in 10  love   love "
"1 final and 1 paper down, 2 finals to go   home in 2  love "
still 2 finals to go  sad  buuuuut home tomorrow  love  love 
soooo sick of studying     
has 2 finals today and then hooooome sweet hooooomeeee  love 
is hooommmeeeeee  love  yay!
pretty much hates life    yay
"   keep your head up beautiful, because there are people who would kill to see you fall   "
is up early to start getting around for tonight   much needed naptime later when boyfriend gets home  smile    shits gonna get craaazzyyy tonight! happy new year's everyone!!!  love   love 
just wishes she wasnt sick anymore!! i just wanna feel better     sad 
this last week in lancaster would be so much nicer if i wasn't still feeling like crap  sad 
"work these next 2 days, then home on saturday and up to school on sunday     whoa last semester   whoa"
sooo today is the official start of my last semester    whoa baby!
"it will all be ok in the end   if it isn't ok, then it isn't the end   "
tired and run down   run down and tired   and it's only the first week! ughhh
tell me i can't and i'll prove you wrong     wink 
thanks so much everybody for the birthday wishes!!!!   love   love 
"\you're such a creeper that you creep on yourself!!!\"" -- <propfemale> weber"""
"if you get a <propmale>, take it   if it changes your life, let it  love "
"truth be told, i miss you    love "
sometimes you have to suck it up and realize what's important   
** and being with you was the moment i opened my eyes**   3 1 2 years   love  i love you  love 
is in lancaster for the weekend spending time with her babe  love 
"is counting down the days till may 8th, that bachlor degree and starting my life with my loverrrrrr     82 days  smile "
couple things then colgate tonight for our first scrimmage!!
is so disgusted with this week already   ugh
2 days of snow days plus 2 days weekend = best  ever 
68 days until graduation and 3 days until spring break @ <propfemale> beach!
busy day and then leaving tomorrow morning for <propfemale> beach with musb  love 
is in north <propfemale>!  double header tomorrow then to <propfemale> beach  love  musb  love 
is loving this ocean front condo and beautiful weather!!
"burnt face, blistered hands, and a sore body    yup sounds like softball season!  smile  2 early games tomorrow    love  musb  love "
we stay together and play to win   we are musb  love   6-0
300 career wins for coach g!  and musb to  surprise 
musb to 9-0 to start the season  love 
54 days till graduation and a shit ton of work standing in my way   ugh
happy st  <propfemale>'s day!  love 
just realized that everyone else is picking their classes for next semester    and i am not   holy shit graduation!
graduation fair today   yay cap and gown
"cap and gown - check, graduation announcements - check, the $110 that mu stole from me in a matter of 20 minutes - check, now the huge pile of work that stands between me and graduation   "
i never thought the absence of someone could make me feel so empty    i miss you so much babe  love 
wants the sunshine back   
game day!  at lock haven @ 230
"when you've got nothin left, you've got nothin left to lose   "
game day!   vs bloom @ 230     love  musb
game day!   @ iup   let's go musb!
finishing up laundry and bed  game day vs west <propmale> tomorrow and home for the rest of the weekend 
"has only one month left of days like today    absolutely, positively busy!"
game day!  vs clarion @ 230!  be there!!
"is absolutely, positively, 100% exhausted"
"it's so crazy to know that in exactly one month, i will be a college graduate!! ahhhh!"
dierks bentley tonight!  love   love 
game day!!!   vs lock haven @ noon
"26 days until graduation   and in my 4 years, i have never been this busy "
game day! @ bloom   go mounties!
"   but i'll be alright, i'm just missing you   and this is me kissing you   \x's and o's\"""""
just had her last collegiate softball practice    pretty bummed   sad 
game day @ clarion    go musb!!!
senior day vs iup     love my mounties  love   love 
"has another busy week ahead    ohhhh may 8th, where are you?!"
is in the library until a small break for dinner before night class   ughhhhh
enjoying a drink to celebrate the end and success of my presentations  smile   and writing a paper for the rest of the night
graduates in exactly 2 weeks   crazy!
"i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my  shine   "
is missing him more than ever right now    love   love 
"so maybe you could walk with me awhile, maybe i could rest beneath your smile  everybody stumbles sometimes and needs a hand to hold, cause it's a long trip alone    love "
"i've learned to play on the safe side, so i don't get hurt   "
all the best love stories have one thing in common - you have to go against the odds to get there         ((  love  its the fight  that makes it worth it ? ))
"last weekend as a college student, ever! so i am leaving my sobriety at home, along with my inside voice and anything considered ladylike  smile "
has 5 days until she is a college graduate 
4 days and 4 finals standing between me and a bachelor's degree
"just one more thing before you leave, don't forget to remember me     -- 3 days until graduation "
"anyone an upper level business <propmale> that needs books? i have bus  law, bus  policy and strategic mgmt and organizational behavior   all in perfect condition "
"it's not good-bye, it's i'll see ya later    -- 2 days until graduation"
"one more thing before you leave, don't forget to remember me     -- graduation tomorrow!  love   love "
graduation today!!! -- thanks mu for all the memories  love  class of 2010 -- we did it!
officially a mansfield university alum    wowzers  love 
is officially in lancaster  smile    let the unpacking begun   ughhhhh
date night with my love tonight  smile   love   love  sooo excited!
the only people you need in your life are the ones that need you in theirs   
's phone randomly went black and won't turn on   uggghhhh  get ahold of me on here if you need me 
"luckily had an old phone that she could put her sim card in   it's old, but i do have a phone   ohhhh at&t you will hear about this   "
ohhhh lancaster  love 
is soooooooo grumpy!!!!!
"there's a fight within me that no one knows, that no one's seen   "
loves summer  love 
"me: \i'm going home for the weekend\"" \",99b3f1f595c0f5983a5e75bc9ff70aa1,happy 23rd birthday to my love!!  love   smile 
wants a new apartment   like now!
oh sweet summertime    
hates all this big-girl grown up stuff    booooooooooo
knoebels for the day  love 
cooking out at <propfemale> brotzman and <propmale> dorph's place today after work  yum!!
's lonely weekend starts today      sad    haha text me if you wanna <propfemale> out!!
wedding dress shopping today for <propfemale> brotzman and bridesmaid dresses for <propfemale> laudenberger and i    smile 
is definitely not a morning person   need  coffee  now 
ur shit's weak   wizeeeeeeeeekkk!
decisions     oh decisions 
"i've never met anyone so wanting to help other people, your heart always was too big -- r i p  <propfirst> springman  love "
finishing up some packing and wilpo for the weekend for <propmale>'s wedding and seeing my wonderful parents!  love   love 
has decided that waking up at 5am is not one of her strengths    
"pocono for the race! oh please rain, pity my one day off and stay away!!  smile "
hopes that she is making the right decision   
"when you've got nothing left, you've got nothing left to lose   "
"and yet, it all comes down to this   this right here, could change your life   "
<propfirst> brown - you are my world and i love you more than anything   happy 4 years together  love   love 
just has to make it until 4 o'clock and then it's peace out lancaster and hellllooooo beach!!  love   love 
phillips  smile 
"absolutely, positively loves the beach    love  "
is feeling icky   i hate migranes!!
"dear hiccups,  puh-lease go away and leave me alone, i've had you for like 12 hours straight now    thaaaaaaaanks"
gimme a gun and call me <propfemale> oakley  smile    going up north to do some shooting this weekend
home and exhausted   smile  fantastic weekend though   have to rest up because i start my new job tomorrow! peace out walmart and helloooooo comcast!  smile 
day 2 of heels and i already have blisters  sad 
is entirely too exhausted   
"sorta, kinda itty bitty, teeny weeny slightly wishes she was going back to mansfield   "
"cannot wait for the regular season to start, even the rookies look awesome  smile  go steelers!"
 love  we remember    9 11 2001  love 
pinch me so i know that this dream that i'm living is real   
never knew she would miss mu this much    :-\\
toga party  smile 
i  love  my steelers
booooooo boyfriend is working 3rd shift for who knows how long and i see him for 10 minutes a day in passing as i'm leaving for work and he's coming home and i have to sleep alone   ughhh dislike!
i love football sundays  love   go steelers!  love 
sooo babe decided today was the day to put new flooring in the kitchen  therefore that is what we are spending the night doing   
steelers baby!    love 
everyone else gets to go to mansfield for alumni weekend   and i get to go to work   ughhhh
should be playing in the alumni game right about now and enjoying all the lovely alumni festivities     sad     boo for being a big girl
"one more thing before you leave   \don't forget to remember me   \"""""
"sooo many bills, sooo little money   :-\\"
fuck you cbs for blacking out the steelers game for the ravens and fuck you comcast for not having nfl sunday ticket   ughhhh gotta watch online  sad   go steelers  love 
jackass 3d = hilarious
"thinks is absolute bullshit for <propfirst> <propmale> to get a $75,000 fine for an awesome hit  the nfl needs to relax, football is a contact sport that's not for a bunch of babies - playing is the risk and if they don't like it, dont fucking play!"
steelers baby!  love   love 
   i can't always be the optimist
"i'll give you my heart, and let you just hold it -- i'd give you my soul, but i already sold it   "
happy 3rd birthday <propfemale> girl!!  love 
happy veterans day to our real heroes  love   love  thank you and god bless
"i'll give you my heart, and let you just hold it -- i'd give you my soul, but i already sold it   "
"  and with my last single breath, i'll still be singing to you   "
misses mansfield   
steelers baby!!  love  didn't know they were playing the raiders and the refs   
day 1 of being alone   some holiday 
happy thanksgiving  love 
"work, out tonight then wilpo for a couple days to see the family  love   love "
heading home for a couple days  love  wilpo here i come!
blahhh my days home go by wayy to fast! back to the grind   
just wants to scream!!!
steelers baby!  love   love 
it's the most wonderful time of the year  love 
"wonderful night, followed by a wonderful day! steelers baby!  love "
and the steelers clinch a playoff spot anyway!!! heeeeellll yeeeaaahhhh
3 days until my favoritest holiday eveerrrrr!!!
got the last present in the mail today for the family and got a present of my own  smile  inherited a wonderful doggy dog dog
"you ever feel like your so very close, yet what you want is just out of reach   ? ugh"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!  love   love 
going up north for a few days   cant wait to see my family!  love   love  wilpo - here i come!!!
just got home from being home  smile   love 
"dear grownup me,\i would like to thank you for ruining my life, first i work thanksgiving, then christmas and now new year's <propfemale>  i want the fun you back  \love, \the girl who misses college "
"wishes she could freeze time - this crazy, wonderful, unpredictable life is moving way too fast  "
just watched a segment on dog fighting and i'm a blubbering  mess   i don't understand how anyone could do that!
"dear lancaster and york penndot people\\how about you fucking plow the roads?!?!\\love,\people who work until 12am and are stuck driving on unplowed roads with 4 inches of snow "
"it's going to be a wonderful day! happy birthday to my sister, <propfirst> stiner and the steelers take on the ravens  smile  (and did i mention i have a 3-day weekend?) gooooo steelers!!!  love "
"going to see stone sour, avenged sevenfold and hollywood undead tonight!!!! fuckkk yeeaahhh!!"
"new schedule starts today, working 12-830 with thurs and fri off -- which means i'll get to catch the 2nd half!! go steelerssssss!!  love "
going to the superbowl!!! fuckkk yeahh go steelers!!!
thanks so much everyone for the birthday wishes!!!  love   love 
thanks again to everyone who wished me a happy bday   to the mu crew - i miss yall so much! can't wait to come up and visit  smile 
<propfirst>'s meeting with the recruiter  smile  excited and nervous for that next step for him   
pretty sure superbowl sunday should be a national holiday    let's go steelers!!! going for #7 baby!
ordered my bridesmaid dress and shoes today! so excited  smile 
got my hairs cut  smile 
"just about walked out of the store with a new motorcycled today    just have a few prices to check and i'm gonna be a proud owner, just have to wait for the 2011's to come out so i can get my beautiful <propfemale> white  smile "
wilpo for the night  smile 
"while he may not want me to get one, i can't believe that my dad took me motorcycle shopping!!  smile "
soak the place and light the flame   
just pre-ordered tickets to hollywood undead in april  smile 
"i'd give you my heart, and let you just hold it  love  -- i'd give you my soul, but i already sold it   "
<propfirst>'s taking his asvabs thursday morning  smile 
so proud of my babe!! he did awesome on his asvabs today  smile 
<propfirst>'s meeting with the recruiter and signing papers tomorrow  so excited and nervous for him!
gonna be a long one at work today   ughh and on like 4 hours of sleep 
soak the place and light the flame   
it is sooo gorgeous out!!!  smile 
"cleaning spree at 10 surprise 0 at night? sure, why not   "
"born to walk away, been walking my whole life   "
fuckkk  sad 
i spent my whole life choosing and i always chose wrong   
it's the little things     smile 
got my new bank card in the mail  whoop!
"we came as strangers, became friends, and left as family   love  i miss mansfield "
it's opening day!!  smile  pretty sure it should be a national holiday!  love 
iphone 4? yes please      smile 
trip to mansfield in 2 weeks? yes please!
"you should have known, the price of evil   "
