e91dfa6aaa0b15a53de586a8e945f3df
 sad  cant sleep      wish i could just lay down and sleep  sad 
broken not understanding why  sad 
heart broken and i dont understand why
"smile though your heart is aching, smile even though it's breaking, when there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by, if you smile through your fear and sorrow, smile and maybe tomorrow, you'll see the sun come shining through for you"
"light up your face with gladness, hide every trace of sadness, although a tear may be ever so near, that's the time you must keep on trying, smile, what's the use of crying?  you'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile"
well fb i guess i shoud try to get some sleep    although i dont know how much selep i will get i should at least try 
fellin better about a lot of things      still don't have a clue what to do about the car     i will figure it out i guess
"to all you mommies out there,join the fun and re-post this  how much did your child(ren) weigh at birth?      rylan was 8lbs  13oz  smile   "
ready for the weekend     can't wait to see booger     oh yeah and if anyone wants to come to a tuperware party my mom is having one saturday      get with me and i will provide more info 
should have my phone back on today       lets hope!!!!
"its a quarter after 1, im all alone and i need u now     said i wouldnt call but i've lost all control and i need u now     and i dont know how i can do without     i just need u now     i'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all"
happy birthday to me  smile 
"ugh! my allergies creeped up on me last night    congestion, cough, and scratchy throat     fun     shocked they haven't reared their ugly head till now  sad "
"the more anger towards the past you <propfemale> in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present "
you deserve to be with someone who makes you happy    somebody who doesn't complicate your life    somebody who won't hurt you    thats nice    where is he?
had a bad mornin & was runnin late    but somehow i ran in 2 no traffic    got an awesome parking spot    & got 2 work on time    maybe today will be a good day
ugh!  my aim and yahoo messanger are not working! this sucks!
just so ready to finally be happy     love     work     money     when is my luck gonna pick up     im not asking for a lot     just happiness is all  sad 
watchin rylan and <propfirst> play in the pool  smile        they are so cute  smile  !!!
friday    my day off    lots to do    so hot!!!    wish the <propfirst> had ac   sad 
my phone died and i lost all my <propfirst> and everything  sad       text me with your name so i will know whow you are and i can get the <propfirst> back lol!!!
i hate fedex      they don't seem to be able to follow instructions and no because of it i have to go pick up my package!!!!!! grrr fedex!!!
trying to fill out my application for the biggest loser between calls     but some of these questions are a little hard to answer about yourself      and some are just to hard to put into the space provided      i am determined to try this though      after the finale last night      i know anything is possible! still need to find a video camers though lol and someone to run it too
yay!!! full time hours starting again next month!!! god answers when you truly need it most     thank you god!!!
why does it always have to be me     why cant i get a decent vehicle that runs that i dont always have problems with!!! everytime something looks up     stuff like this happens!!! i hate my <propfirst>!!! i need something reliable    and cheap!!!
i have no clue whats wrong with the <propfirst>     or how im gonna get to work     ugh why me!
i hate this    i hate my <propfirst> bein broke down    i have no clue how i am gonna get home 
first the <propfirst>    now my job    lord i don't know how much more i can take 
"god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors that no man can close      so i am praying \god you have closed a door      please show me which path to take to find the next open door\"""""
wanting to go see the midnight showing of eclipse    sadly i have no way    no money    and no one to go with  sad 
ugh i so badly want to be the theater at midnight tomorrow  sad 
will i ever find mr right? does he even exsist? i can't find him for sure      not even mr  almost right lol!
its better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all      i have always loved that quote     there is a lot of truth in it     i should know 
had a great chat with an old friend     catching up was long overdue      gonna try to get some sleep before the munchkin wakes up!
"find that guy that will pick up every peice of your shattered heart and put it back together, keeping one peice for himself and replacing it with a peice of his "
makin cookies with <propfirst>!
you know your a mom when you get excited over this       rylan used the potty for the first time this morning!!!! yay!!!
had a pretty productive day    got stuff turned in for me to possibly get insurance     got the parts for the <propfirst>     and got a few groceries     pretty productive to me at least lol     can't wait to get the <propfirst> fixed so i am not stuck at home 24\\7 and i can have a life again lol!!!
i hate it when there is that one person that you don't want them even to cross your mined      and just when you thought they were out of sight and out of mind      you suddenly see them everywhere and all it does is depress you!!!! ugh!!!
seriously thinking about giving up red meat    sodas    sugar    eating after 7    and a few other things    hmmm i wonder how much it will cost me     well i will definatly benefit from it in the long run     gotta get healthy     tired of living my life like this
i hate days like this when i feel so depressed and alone     depressed about my job situation      and of course as always depressed about my love life     just depressed wondering if i will ever find someone    ugh
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and days before too  i think of you in silence  i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms  i have you in my heart  repost this if you have someone in heaven    "
beginning to think i am having bouts of insomnia     goin on about 2 to 3 hours of sleep from last night    i just couldn't turn my mind off and fall asleep    i hate having so much on your mind that you can't even turn it off to sleep
great!!! it's gonna be $300 plus parts to fix the <propfirst>!!! ugh!!! i hate bein unemployed and broke and without a vehicle!!!
mmm brocolli cheese and potato soup      nice on a rainy day  smile 
watchin a movie     wishin there was someone here watchin with me  sad 
"if your family has been touched and tormented by cancer  today is world \cancer day - i'd appreciate it if you would post this request  93% won't\repost it  a small request  just one line  dear god, i pray for a cure \for cancer  amen!"
seems to have bad luck with men     no matter what role they play!!!
isn't it funny how your child can make u feel stressed all day then u look at them asleep and realize you love them more than anything in the world xxx
really not having the best day at all!!!
ugh! i cannot get my child to keep clothes on!!!
god how i lothe allergys!!!
cookin dinner     mmmm it smells good!
doin a lot of thinking and ready to go back to school      although i am seriously considering changing my <propmale>     hmmm we well see      but i am going back in january no matter what!!!
i want to find my <propfirst> 
baked tilapia filets    garlic green beans    yellow rice    yum  smile      i love cookin!
unemployment ran out so now i am seriously desprate to find a job    gotta figure out what to do    please pray that something turns up soon    somethin has to turn up soon  sad 
"things have a way of working out  never underestimate the power of prayer, faith and love!"
i have an interview wednesday! yay! thank god! pray i get the job!
i have another interview!!! pray i get the job!!!  smile 
i have a job    not the best    but it is a job!!!
so i got a job    but now i gotta figure out how i am gonna get back and forth because i am broke    this stinks    plus mommas blood pressure meds run out tonight     sad      god i hate being broke
praise god! i was able to find some help  with gas and momma will have her medicine tonight!
hating the new job    but i think got put me here to get me through for now    something better has to be out there
this is perfect      now what am i going to do?
had an amazing night last night  smile !!!! ready for a fun day today
this week compaired to the last few months has been awsome!!! hope things continue to go the right way!!! thanks to a good friend for a great time last night and my church family for the great time i had today!!
looking into going back to school now that i am working nights      i can get in more classes because the daytime classes are shorter!!! yay me!!!
"change\your facebook profile portrait to a cartoon character from your \childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, \december 6th  join the fight against child abuse and invite your friends\to do the same!"
hey everyone i finally got my phone turned back on   yay!!! but i don't have any <propfirst> so if you have my number text me so i have your number    if you don't just message me your number to my inbox so i can add it to my phone     thanks!!!
too much stuff to do today to try to fit it all in today    thank god i am used to nights so at least i can get done with the time restricted things and move on to other stuff    1st stop     walmart     on my day off lol
ahh christmas shopping done    running to the christmas ranch    its raining so we might not get to see <propfemale> but lets hope    then off to the house to play wrap all the gifts and get a little sleep    <propfemale> christmas everyone!
hmmmm      thats all i can say is hmmmm
the hardest but most rewarding job in the world is a single parent  its twice the workload and twice the sacrifice  but it also comes with twice the rewards
i need to get out of this house for a little while    just to get away for a little while    but unfourtunatly i have no way to go  sad 
**inbox only** 2010 is almost over! confess something you have always wanted to tell or ask me!!! (100% private) put this as your status  you might be surprised with what you get!!!
ugh not feeling work tonight    depressed and don't really know why    wishing that a lot of my issues would be resolved    meanwhile i am in a crappy mood  sad 
tgif    well it may not be everyone elses friday    but in walmart time its mine lol
hard to believe that 2 years ago today i was in labor with my baby girl    of course she is as stubborn as her mother and didn't show her pretty little face till the next day lol!!!
"i'm off to get my beauty sleep  yeah, i know   i'm already so beautiful you can't stand it! i promise   a little more isn't lethal   yet!  wink  goodnight!"
ugh    work tonight     i don't wanna      sad 
"if you love me, comment on this status\if you think i'm a good friend, like this status\if you hate me message me why\if you ever had a crush on me, poke me\if you ain't scared, post this on your wall and see what u get"
well well well   look who is here   it's friday enjoy  smile       well my friday at least lol
on a christian rock kick this mornin    lovin it    i should listen more often!!!
not having a car sucks!!!
