125b5f1e9cab392cede23036a85d39a4
2011-make it your bitch
"uh, yeah, facebook   get ready for this "
just finished watching trapped in the closet a third time and is really embarrassed by this fact
5 am wake up call next four days   life sucks 
knows that nothing is more epic and dramatic than a ravens-panthers preseason game   
"its so fun doing a buncha homework before the first day of school   yeah, the answers are in the back of the book, but you have to keep flipping back and forth and try to show work and actually semi know some of the stuff   too much for my feeble tired mind "
"if possible, dont have a car breakdown on broadway   "
is tired of conjuring bs about the vital importance of chromatography to our everyday lives
anyone wanna go golf for me at 5 am tomorrow???  anyone???  didn't think so   
is in a crowd of hundreds in a tent watching ten year olds dance poorly to a <propfirst> bieber song
"boy, that ap chem is such a blowoff class"
two words: <propfirst> hoomanawanui
are we human or are we dancer?
so apparently i am resistible   
"is off to mattoon in the morning, ready to enjoy the obvious stench of nearby meth labs on the golf course"
footttbbbbaaaaallllll!!!!!!!! are you ready for some?
"wow, lady gaga   i never thought <propfemale> would be holding your meat purse either   "
"i know this is real shocking and all, so don't piss your pants or anything, but the rams suck at football"
is really embarrassed that his family is watching the new sitcom about fat people after they watched an hour of little people big world
now that   was fucking righteous
"in honor of the rams' future super bowl win, a new profile picture of the super sexy <propmale> spagnuolo"
"okay, i believe you, but my <propfirst> gun don't   "
this is a long drive for someone with nothing to think about
study groups: the most fantastic tool for avoiding studying ever devised
illinois looks like a real football team today   what the hell???
"finally getting to watch football, facebook in pirate and watching nowhere for the third time has made me muy muy contento"
is officially retiring from professional golf
needs halloween costume suggestions   any thoughts???
red wibbon week- it makes me feel sadd
is ready to engage in a year-long plot against nevershoutnever   who's with me???
"realized a life lesson for the umpteenth time this weekend: its way too much to ask highland, mizzou, and the rams to all win in the same weekend"
chickenshit bullshit
its bedlam in this basement right now   
hates when facebook quizzes automatically post your results to them on your wall and you dont take them down before someone notices   
keep it in your pants   
"prenzler wins, alexi loses   what the hell illinois?  what  the  hell  ?????????"
needs a new band to shamelessly promote after mgmt was violently opposed by y'all     
"michigan 67, illinois 65  still trying to figure out what the fuck just happened "
ahh   nothin like waitin for a crew of straight up gangstas so you can <propfemale> out at an animated movie
is sitting in a room filled with totally silent nerds and the beautiful sounds of <propfirst> buble
"<propfemale> persona <propfemale> es mayormente muy contentos de llegar <propmale> gueto mexicano  la heroína se inyecta, cab<propmale>los en miniatura será violada, billetes de <propfemale> dólar dólar estar lloviendo en la discoteca, y extravagante strippers negro enano enano se esconde en cada armario   ascensor  ¡qué fabuloso!"
wasted these words on lowercases and capitals
"dobby, i weep for you  frowny "
"chillin in the snowy stl, watchin the lions kill dem patriots"
"was a little premature in congratulating the lions  they truly suck (but hey, at least they dominate the rams   )"
just saw a majorly tricked out prius at target  uhm   this totally reaffirms my faith in americas good taste
"\womens sweaters are the best!\"" -<propfirst> d hooks"""
is at school studying on a snow day yeeaaa booyyy!!!
oh <propfirst> favre   
is in a room with <propfirst> sutton right now   what should i say to him?
do you ever feel like a plastic bag?
"so theres an asian guy at the gas station driving a brand new bmw tricked out with a nice, bright pink hello <propfemale> seat cover   wtf?"
so    murry christmas urrybody
"dear rams coaching staff: offense isn't for pussies, its for teams that actually win games   so, uh, try to get better at it before next year???"
cam <propmale> can now officially stop screwing with americas hopes and dreams of a ducks national championship and go be a bust in the nfl somewhere
no school again
"had a fabulous day of sledding, infomercial watching and pumping iron"
"aww, poor snooki     i hope you find love too"
