c4eec069ac0fed5ae06cfd1d58689606
life is full of surprises
life can be full or surprises!
"all days are nights too see till i see thee, and nights bright days when dreams do show thee to me "
she didnt think she was as murerastick as some of the people there!!!! hahahaha i love u <propfemale>
fuck all the haters im over fake shit!
r i p  papa i love you so much and i miss you each and every day 
sitting at the airport waiting for my flight back home  haven't seen home in over 10 months wat a trip 
can't sleep to much on my mind 
omg omg i just saw <propfirst> depp
"i cant make myself believe, but theirs no harm in hoping    wishing   even if wishes almost never come true          "
wishes do come true  smile 
fucking pot farm is pissing me off it won't load arggggg
i miss him wish i was with him
sitting at work bored! wish i wasent here right now
yay im finaly home and not having to deal with stupid people anymore 
many thoughts but not enough time to sort it all out
i love my life  cant wait to see my baby!
not to much longer till i get to see my baby and my family i cant wait! i love you babe 
i love u <propfirst> so much with everything i can ever love a person with u mean so much to me and i dont know wat i would ever do without u  u make me so happy and u r the man i want to spend the rest of my life with! i love u baby always and forever!
i love u <propfirst> so much with everything i can ever love a person with u mean so much to me and i dont know wat i would ever do without u  u make me so happy and u r the man i want to spend the rest of my life with! i love u baby always and forever!
thank god work is over im so tired  i love my future husband  i love u so much <propfirst>!
only 2 more days i cant wait to see my family and my baby! i love you baby always and forever
omg i cant believe i get to see my baby tomorow! i love you baby so much! cant wait to see the fam either love u guys!
vegas here i come i cant wait today is the big day! i love you baby see you soon!
i love my baby with all my heart! thank you for making me the happiest woman on earth! i love you baby!
i have the best fiance in the world he bought me the purse i have been wanting and a long stem <propfemale> and a little glass figurine with a saying about love! he is so amazing  i love you happy happy valentines day!
i love you baby with all my heart  thanks u for being in my life and loving me as much as i love u  i cant wait to spend the rest of my life for u  i love you 
yay gabby is coming tomorow i cant wait  smile 
fuck stupid ppl at work  i am so tired of being accused of doing shit when im the only one who does right by this company! fuck off!
i love my life  thanks baby for always knowing how to make me forget the bad and leave the haters behind me  i love you baby 
"like this status & i'll tell you annoyed 1  how did we meet? \2  how long have i known you? \3  what's my most memorable moment with you? \4  do you mean a lot to me? \5  word to describe you?\6  would i care if i lost you? \7  what i love about you? \8  what i hate about you? \9  would i date you? \10  you've just been dared to make this your status"
apple    and soon banana lol
