254d9c242127c686391a49243bbadea7
going to see fourth kind tonight soooo excited!
hopefully my insurance covers my accident today   now bout to take my meds and pass the f*ck out 
fcuk my life  everything honestly keeps going wrong! im just gonna end up shooting myself    between the eyes    maybe not go to that extreme but seriously eff all those lucky bastards who get all the luck 
"car getting checked out tomorrow and there gonna cover both front and end! so relieved! now, gotta get ready to go to another doc apt  and then out with brittanaaaay"
so irritated with eeeeeeverything!!!
have you ever met someone and you just knew from that day forward there gonna mean something special to you   
man my mom and my aunt are gossiping in <propmale> again    damnit if only i paid attention in school i would know if they were talking about me or not lol
just got my settlement for my car   sooooooooooo stoked to get my new car now! and just ordered the new blackberry flip phone smile  today is a goooooooood day!
loooooove my new nanny job the kids are great! and my comp was magically fixed today! amaaaazing
needs to find a carrrrrr  no luck so far  :
loooooooove my new car
car in the shop till tomorrow  i miss my baby already :[
camping with <propfemale>  smile 
going to chicoooooooooo
first saturday off in a looooooooooong time  feels amaaazing
mannnn gone with the wind still bring tears to my eyes
going to see g-force in 3d with the kids  smile 
19 today and feeling like im already 30  wink 
uppp early and work all day(if you wanna call it that smile ) off to rocklin to watch my kids no service all day :[
you think you know someone    when really i have noooooooooooo idea  people are scandalousssssssss
going to see <propfemale> and meababyyy  laugh  haven't seen them in days!
going to talk to my attorney today & get my claim settled finallyyyyy
going to see my boo thaaaang  smile 
having the worst day everrr
wont have a car for the next 3 days  people are dicks 
fml
had such an amaaaaazing time in monterey with my boo love 
looooove the weather today smile  fall is cominggg
loooooove the smell of fresh rain in the morning smile  another amazing night with my boo love 
catching up with my sister smile  monterey this weekend yesssssss!
i want my baaaaby back :[ damn mechanics take foreverrrrrrrrr
finally got my baaaaby back!  smile 
vegas was amaaaazing  love my babe love 
going to see <propfemale> and meababy in a bit smile 
fml i hate anxiety attacks   
going to <propfemale> <propfemale> with my boo love 
"half a bottle of robittusin, a muscle relaxer, 800mg ibuprofen, and a shot of a 100 proof yager  slept like a baaaaaaaaaaby smile "
watching poor sick <propfemale> all day  wont have any service in in rocklin 
in a weird mood    missing my love   a lot 
just started my first day at the cafe! already love my coworkers smile 
first official day at folsom grind    should be very interesting  smile 
work pretty much allllll day  booooooo
"ive been up way too early and im bored at work  somebody text me, time is going by too slooooow "
off to see my kids smile 
"its not that unusual, when everything is beautiful    love "
on my way to get a massage and my back adjusted oohhh yesssss smile 
my babyyy is leaving tomorrow morning for over a month!! :[
my sister is in town!!  smile 
hanging out with dollface <propfirst>  smile  watching movies and having fun!
24 more daaays till my babaaay comes home!
miss my love   got hit with the cold  annoyed  gooodnight all
drive ins  ohhh yesssssss!
its snooooowing!! sleeping alone sucks    only 5 more days!!
about to go get my boo love   from the airport! soooooooo excited to see him!!  smile 
had an amaaaazing day with my baby!! love 
such a great weekend   miss him already love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! my boyfriend is the besssst!!
'wake up in the mornin feelin like p diddy'
get busy livin' or get busy dyin'
being happy doesn't mean life is perfect  it means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections 
tomorrow is moving day into my first place!! 2010 is the start of a new beginning  smile 
hey look up your name on urbandictionary com and then post the one definition that you feel fits you the best!
haaate stressful days like today  annoyed 
might have kidney stones:[ but doing a lot better today! tomorrow is gonna be the best valentines day everrr cause i have the best boyfraaan evaaa smile ]]
"so    isn't the point of having a roommate is to have someone to come home to? its even better when there your best friend, but   i haven't seen mine in like a week  :["
"the pure and simple truth is rarely pure, and never simple "
"only 3 more daaays of my mans diet, then sushi here we come!! && no more grumpy nights!"
its a beautiful morning! now goin for a walk with my mama!  smile 
in a grrrreat mood with my beauuuutiful rachel smile 
boyyyy do i looooove my boyfraaaaan smile  its a beautiful day everyone! go outside!  smile 
wtheeeck i never get allergies but like the past week i have a pounding headache and i took allergy medicine and it went away?? madness 
phone broken:[ now i think i lost my sim card  fml
"i don't care what you say, guys pms toooo!"
when nothing goes right – go left 
wishing for a miracle    
im sane but im overwhelmed 
my sistaaa is here for the weekend!!
happy 4 20 stonerrrrs!!
love the rain to help me fall asleep but haaaaaate driving in it!!
"\the will of god will never take you where the grace of god will not protect you \"""""
i hate this! i hate this! i hate dealing with this! i hate all of it!!! someone take me away from all this bullshit!!!!
you may be out of my sight    but never out of my mind 
"smile, it enhances your face value "
\and in this crazy life, and through these crazy times\254d9c242127c686391a49243bbadea7,going to watch my kids for a little bit then gettin my nails did with shelbi booo  smile 
wow it would be nice if my blank cds actually would work when i used them! ugh such a waste of time
women and cats will do as they please and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea  -<propfirst> anson heinlein
ughhhh hate job searching! so gaaaaay!!
i wanna be a billionaire    so effin bad 
so i randomly get 2 money orders for about a grand each and i wasn't born yesterday so i don't cash them and now i get an email from this guy and is asking me to please  deposit them!?! i don't get it! why is this man teasing me with all this money!!! lol
"out of sight, doesn't mean out of mind "
grrreat day! went to sushi and saw shrek at the imax with my booo smile 
"sometimes you feel everything,\and nothing,\all at once "
uggggh my blackberry is working but it can't receive the network!! soooo frustrating!!
i could really use a wish right now    
just had an awesome interview! hopefully i get the job!!! *crossing my fingers*
my telly is dyinnnng and i can't find my charger   waahhhh
man sooooo borrrrred!!!
\not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that \254d9c242127c686391a49243bbadea7,uggh 2nd day of the new job   not really feeling it   got another interview tomorrow though!!  smile 
yesssssss new job! starting next monday!!  smile 
so done with broken promises  people are never what you think    i always learn that the hard way      
"every now and then i get a\little bit restless and i dream of something wild  "
going to see the a team tonight with my lovaaa smile 
"starting\off the day with the quote my boss gave to motivate me smile  \each time we\",254d9c242127c686391a49243bbadea7,peace is stimulating and quite exciting when truly e playful erienced and understood 
going to wash my baaaby
"in the end, only kindness matters "
so many roads  so many detours  so many choices  soooo many mistakes 
my mama & i are going to <propmale>  smile 
goin to work! hate getting out a bed w my love on monday mornings  annoyed  ugggh and its hot already!!
love is finding someone that you don't mind being with through the hard times and at the end it is all worth it  one team=one fight  thanks baaaby  smile 
"man, i am such a pro at cutting my own hurrrr!!  laugh "
yaaaay! my boo is taking me to see twilight tomorrow morning!!! can't wait!  smile 
i could really use a sewing machine
my boo's birthday today smile  had a good morning then having dinna with his fam lataaa and then la this weekend!!!
"going to see my lovaa, hes not feeling goooood today so im gonna go make him feel better wink "
mi mancherai se te ne vai  love 
don't know how to feel right now     annoyed 
my mama is leaving today for germany for 2 weeks!! ughhh so jealous!!!
"put into motion all of your good intentions today  ask gods angels to assist, and they will happily do so "
it is wise to keep in mind that no success or failure is necessarily final 
inception     what a trip 
stress  haaaaate the feeling  annoyed 
phone is off  grrreat  hit me up on here
phone is back on!  smile 
does anyone know how to look up a car in the past by the vin # and find out what the license plate # was??
"happiness consists of three things; someone to love, work to do, and a clear conscience "
"life should be like a game of cards, you make a mistake, shuffle the deck and start over "
gonna watch the new real world tonight with my boo  smile  and then jersey shore 2 tomorrow!
"bbq with the boo today  smile  sucks that he had to wake me up at 7 though!! it won't be \good morning\"" till 10 """
dinner with the schmucks tonight!!  smile ]]
20 tomorrow  smile 
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! i had a great day thanks to my lovaa love  \monterey next weekend!!!  smile "
"\if you weren't real i would make you up  now \"""""
"even after a year, you still give me goosebumps smile  happy year one baaaby! now off for some sushi!!  smile "
going to my babes to cuddle and watch the new real world  smile 
"when life gives you a bad romance, show everyone your poker face, buy a new telephone, call <propmale>, and you guys just dance!!"
getting ready for monterey this weekend! can't wait to be by the beach with my love smile 
such a beautiful weekend in monterey! i had an amaaaazing time with my boo smile  hes the best bf evaaaaaa love 
"i wish my memories came with ? save, delete and ?play buttons "
so sad my boo is leaving me tomorrow for 3 weeks! :[
18 days more to go    miss my baby:[ especially at night
just talked to the bf smile  were going to vegasssss next month!!!!
"you cannot change the past, you can cease to let it be role-played out every time a new challenge arises   "
going to my boo's house to sleep even though it definitely won't be the same without him:[ gooodnight fb
work today:[ caaaan't wait till friday!!
only 2 more days till my  love  is home! definitely loving this fall weather today!!  smile 
it smells amaaazing outside smile 
on my way to the airport to pick up my loove smile  sooo excited to see him!!!
less than 2 weeks till vegas to see mr  <propfemale>! can't wait! my baby will one day be on that stage!!!  smile 
ughh so frustrating trying to copy the new linkin park cd to my bf's ipod but his settings are all wack that it wont let me from my itunes! does anyone know how i can change that??
great night with my boo last night! but now i have work    pretty much all day :[
90 <propfemale> massage with my man   ohhhhhh yeaaaah  love 
"on my way to <propfemale> <propfemale>, then tomorrrow, vegassss!!  smile  be back monday!"
grreat time in vegas! smile  now back to reality  
man when is all this pirate shit on fb gonna go away!?! i don't know what they mean half the time!
broke my glasses and out of contacts:[ hate not being able to see!
"this is love my\sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your\tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you\on and kept you strong, copy and paste this as your status  sisters are\a promise that we will have a friend forever! post if you have an\amazing sister!"
booooo not feeling too good today   or the past couple of days :[ work in a bit but at least i have a massage to look forward too with my love tonight!  smile 
fml :[
may the wind always be at your back and the sun upon your face  and may the wings of <propfemale> <propfemale> you aloft to dance with the stars 
great weekend! fort bragg was b e a utiful!! buuuuut i just got home and i got my first jury duty notice :[ boo oh well im getting the new samsung galaxy sometime this week!! soooo excited!!! i really do have the best boyfriend evaaaa!!  love 
yesss i can finally pick up my car tomorrow from the shop!! its been a long week and a half i miss my baaaby
just got my new phone!! i love it!  smile  also have a new number message me if you want it and maybe ill give it to you  wink 
amazing weekend! reno was awesome it was snowing it was so beautiful  smile  but now i just got my car back last thurs and my check engine light came on today again!! grrrrr!!
 sad 
such a great christmas smile  i have such an amazing bf im so thankful to have him in my life!! <propfemale> christmas everyone!!
the power is out  sad  boooooo
jersey shore tooonight @ 7!!
they say bad things happen in 3s   i'm on #2 fml
my man is my life saver  so happy to have someone who is really there for me! i'm so lucky  smile 
"happy valentines day to the besssst boyfriend <propfemale> and the love of my life, <propfirst> &hearts;"
just went and saw i am number 4  pretty good smile  now i'm so ready to cuddle and get warm with my baaaby!!
butterfinger ice cream    aaaamazing 
wow soo crazyyy  i can't believe it    
i could really go for some        
san <propfirst> with my mama  smile 
"yuibgshfcofjkfhogxuohdyokhfhjb laugh yjgdg\\that felt good "
l o v e fresh out the dryer sheets  smile  nighty night fb
"if you want the rainbow, you need to put up with the rain "
aw the boo is making me pasta  smile  mmmm
girls day with my beautiful mama and aunt <propfemale> in san <propfirst>  smile 
you know what's frustrating? being short and not being able to reach shelves   like in my closet 
work  sad  but my boyfriend singing destinys child in the shower and knowing i have a massage appt tonight brings a smile to my face  smile  have a good saturday everyone!
i just can't get enough &hearts;
\not my chair  not my problem \,254d9c242127c686391a49243bbadea7,almost had my phone stolen  thank goodness for security cameras  smile 
ooooooh happy day!! just got a job at <propfemale> benz!!!!!!! woooooo!!!!
free from rpm at lasssssssssst!!!!!
candlelit bubblebath with <propmale> groban in the background = heaven &hearts;
"first day of work went good, a little overwhelming but give me a few days and i got it!  smile  7 smile 0-7 tomorrow! yay for overtime!!!"
"so i'm literally getting paid to just sit here at a desk reading a cosmo  nice, yes  but i'm so borrrrrrrred! 7 please hurry up!!"
