55a0344f32f8f0afeada9e3857b91ba9
and she screams claudi surprise ! dear claudi surprise ! coheed is coming 
i have my wits about me and i swear i'm leaving soon
we're there!
went to the drama theater festival in <propfemale> today 
the coheed concert was awsome!
i was completely appalled this morning  read my note 
what does this mean?: a competitive and cooperative co-evolutionary approach to multi-objective particle swarm optimization algorithm design
happy halloween-o everyone 
so there are like 22 people on here right now   how many of us are avoiding homework?
facebook is such a big waste of time   
just conquered that research paper 
field trip tomorrow!
apparently <propfemale> murphy just died today   i'm curious if this is real or fake 
does school have to start again tomorrow?
calling all <propmale>sy people! i am very much in need of <propmale> done by any of you for my stupid project  if any of you would be awsome enough to <propfemale> me something it would make the whole processes much easier  anyone interested?
who ever said psychology was a 'fun' class lied til their pants caught fire 
procrastination
forza on xbox live anyone? let me know  i need something new to beat : )
i quit facebook until i get all my projects done 
is the ultimate password finder 
"one final down, two to go "
i  am  screwed  f group projects 
someone fix my spell check i'm begging you  it won't check any of the spelling in my final paper and i can't make it turn on 
who wants to go do something in the sun? i think i need to get out there  let me know! maybe the beach? : )
officially class of 2013 at the uw! : )
it appears a somewhat beach kind of day just turned into a somewhat cloudy <propfemale> kind of day : (
so    general vote: should i paint my wheels fuschia or red?
fuschia wheels it is! done deal 
how about we all stop being stupid for like ten minutes 
"this weather is messing up my fashion statements  -_-\\just be <propfemale> so i don't have to change again "
"all of my classes this quarter have added to the feeling that i wish i was living back in 1000 bc   \\evil modern society "
learned to drive a stick shift on an sti last night  laugh 
the people who walk around at the grocery store with ipods on are so obnoxious  could you be any more tuned out? really?
"acquired 10 misquito bites in one part of my back last night   \\soooooo itchy : ("
"mmmk, who wants to go wakeboarding? \\let me know and we'll go "
got bitch slapped wakeboarding today : )
"i must go to rufio's concert on the 25th  \\anyone want to join me?"
"well i enjoyed our adventure despite the lack of greeness  to put a downer on it, apparently they appeared around 10 30 fml  shooting stars were nice though : )"
who wants to go see four year strong with me on october 18th?
"it's raining\\ smile "
anyone want to go see the uw vs  wsu hockey game on saturday?
and i thought with being in the middle of uw away from real roads i wouldn't have cars to distract me    annoyed 
i kind of hate tuesdays and thursdays  a lot 
oooh seeing someone wakeboarding on the glassy lake while i'm going to school is the worst!  annoyed 
"dear facebook,\you suck  i don't like you \\on a side note, my brownie cupcakes came out quite nicely  smile "
anyone home want to go wakeboarding in like an hour?
procrastination!
going to see miss <propfemale> in b-ham this weekend  smile 
aaaand i'm officially sick now  annoyed 
circa survive concert!
"wash, dried and vacuumed the little impreza after the drive over stevens pass  smile "
"dear creepy men, i wish you could get it through your thick skulls that despite the fact i'm wearing a cute dress i don't want cat calls or whistles from you "
thank you bus system for casually leaving me stranded at uw   
made the top 8 female lap times of all time at traxx tonight! go find my picture on the wall  playful 
ugh why must everything for school have to be done on the computer?
thanks electrical people  i love putting on make-up when the power goes out 
"7 10 of this paper is conquered  \time to go wash my car or make some cake  smile "
yay uw!!!
why does everyone insist on driving 5+ mph under the speed limit? i don't understand   
dashboard confessional concert on january 13th  anyone want to go? its the 10th anniversary tour show  smile 
uw wins the bowl game!!!
"so school today makes me want the week to just be over right now  ugh \be back never: time to read my life away "
ooooh seahawks! way to take em down!
