83152141560bd7b2879a953e5f33ddbc
at school          daydreaming   
at my mamas house    i have no internet or phone at mine;'(
"i just want this year to be over with already  its dragging on,,"
i was watching a movie but then the stupid comp    froze now i have to wait for it to load again  
the time travelers wife     movie im watching
ughh <propfemale> bored and i don't feel like cleaning   somebody bring me a rockstar please  
i thought i was going to go to the block today     thanx mom   
i love fit tv     
eeeewwww <propfemale> u smell like hot dogs hahaha
is starting a new chapter in my book of life
watching <propfemale> the effin e playful lorer for the umpteenth time   waiting for jazzlyn to fall asleep  
same shit different day  
some say holding on is what makes you strong    but sometimes it takes more strength to let go and move on       im in desperate need of an intervention    ladies
so glad to finally be over that bump in the road   
spring cleaning    my arms hurt from scrubbing all the jazzlyns <propmale> work off the walls     but i must clean the canvas for the next masterpiece  smile 
bored n i want to go for a walk     but no one wants to go with me  sad 
i like it on the kitchen counter  
i miss my baby already she's been at grandmas house for to long     but she's coming home tomorrow smile 
i wanna be a billionaire sooo freakin bad!!!!
i want to do something crazy this weekend    yes it's barely monday and i'm already thinking about the weekend  
i've always thought spongebobs pants were more rectangle than square    idk i'm just saying  
shouldn't even be awake right now   ughhh
ohhh dang    my juju bear is sick again  sad  but she still managed to get cheerios all over the floor 
"and that's what your there for, to put it all in perspective  love "
watching the hills <propmale> is sooooo annoying and hydie irritated me too   whats up with all the blondes for real though brunettes do it better love 
about to get my work out on with some pop pilates     aaahhhh i love the burn  love 
dude seriously what the fuck??? have you always been this much of an asshole or is it just a phase your going through???
dream as if you will live forever  love 
a womens heart should be so lost in god that a man needs to seek him in order to find her love 
ok i know one of you guys know    what the hell is formspring??
 love  love todays my babys b day  love  love  happy 1st birthday <propfemale> mommy loves you love  love 
birthday party tomorrow for my girls   message me your number so i can call you with the info  love 
last night was a huge success     my girls had a blast  im a lil upset cus i didn't get to jump in the jumper though   to busy mingling ):
it's jazzlyns bday she's officially a terrible 2     
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  love  it means that youv'e decided to look beyond the imperfections  love 
"taking time to grieve the loss of a friend \\rip <propfirst> meza"
some persue happiness  love  others create it
i think i just might bbq outside today love  carnasada     beans    rice    slasa    mmmmmmm delicious  love 
sucks lakers lost but the celtics played with heart  love 
the only thing a girl should <propmale> is her liquor  love  ughhh dmv later     i don't understand how the wether could be hot as hell the last week and now it looks like it's going to rain wtf
"i love the new eminem song ft  rihanna \ love the way you lie\"" if you havent heard it you best go youtube that shit!"""
i have new workout buddies     yay me love 
"california girls, were unforgettable <propfemale> dukes, bikinis on top sun-kissed skin, so hot will melt your popsicle  love   love   love "
going to chill with <propfemale> today  love 
ohh myy i had thee most horrible dream last night     too weird    wish i would of pulled an all nighter
about to watch a movie with the babby daddy  love 
sooo im sitting in the bathroom with both girls for like 30 <propfemale> trying to get them to go pee pee in the potty and the second i let them out of the bathroom <propfemale> pees in the hall was  ughh i dont get it why cant you just go pee pee in the effin potty already
"ugh   <propfemale> nervous about tonight, i just want this all to be over with so everyone can go back to trying to move on with there lives "
just finished cleaning now i need to get ready  time to breakout the water proof mascara  love   rip <propfirst> meza aka monster
today took a lot out of me 
barely getting home and i lest saturday morning  love  sooo effin tired
life is a song     and love is the music  love 
"\insanity is doing the same thing over and over and e playful ecting a different result\"""""
thank me later released today    sooo excited    gotta love drake  love 
laker game tonight       does anyone know what time it starts??? i don't feel like flipping through the channels right now
dammm it the lakers are whooping that ass    lets go lakers    lets go!!!!
dammm it's freezing right now   i want to go back to sleep and wake up when it's hot
ooohhh eeemmm gggeee did anyone els know this ??? love spelled backward is evol!!!! wtf that e playful lains everything!!! love is a curse wether it's good or bad you decide  love 
"it's like and e playful losion everytime i hold ya  wasn't joken when i told ya you take my breath away   your a super <propfemale> and im a space bound rocket ship and your heartz the <propfemale>    and im aimin right at you     right at you   250 thounsand <propmale> ima keep my aim at you    im aiming right at you,, right at you!  love "
karmas a bitch    oh im sorry i should of told you sooner    you mean you didn't know   well you know now don't cha bitch  love 
ughh it was a long day today  love  can't wait to take the girls to the beach tomorrow     if your not doing anything meet me at huntington   
there's <propfemale> much that i want to say but i don't know how to put it in words   why does everything sound so much cooler in my head ???
i'm nice and burned    love  gotta love cali
happy fathers day to all you dads out there that deserve it   anyone can be a father but it takes a real man to be a dad  love 
lately i've been drinking like there's a message in a bottle
don't take this life to seriously no one makes it out alive anyway  
throw dirt on me and grow a wild flower  love 
home    sweet home  
"daughterweek! if you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun,who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around- copy and paste this to your status  i love you jazzlyn and <propfemale>"
its friday and i wish i had something to look forward too ):
cleaning the house bumping eminem recovery       this cd makes me wanna blaze lol
yesterday was great won 80$ playing poker with my man and his friends today not so great feeling betrayed ): but the weekend isn't over yet lets hope for a two out of three good days lol
i live for the nights i can't remember and the people i can't forget  love 
"   i be up all night whole crewz in here , cuz i don't realy know who ima lose this year    so we do it how we do it  lol"
<propfemale> bored but looking forward to watching last comic standing    just realized a new episode recorded on the dvr
for just one day i wish i could stop being mom and just be <propfemale> i know it sounds selfish but it gets overwhelming at times  
eclipse premiers tonight at midnight sooo excited but no one to go with ): who wants to go with me??
<propfemale> tired of my long hair    can't wait to chop it off  love 
why when your fighting in dreams gravity decides to intervene and make it impossible to pound someone face   
"fb waist so much of my time, imagine if there was fb in shakespeare time    he wouldn't have accomplished anything he would just be the guy with amazing status updated   like this status if you need to go to facebook anonymous (fba)"
"is ready to give her sheets some ass and her pillow some head   lol\\good night everyone  love "
i wish my kids had a snooze button
i have come to the conclusion that fruit loops are just gay cheerios  love 
is it pronounced (care-em-el) or (car-mel) that is the question ??????
"a soldier issomeone, who at one point in their life wrote a blank check madepayable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, andincluding, their life  that is an honor, and there are way too manypeople in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copyand paste this if you are thankful for    your freedom  god bless oursoldiers ?"
i like how im still drunk lol (; i don't like all the bruises on my legs from jumping the pool gate to go in the jacuzzi last night they effin hurt ):
still  soooo hungover  :
i got my license bitchez  love  so happy  love 
i am writing a script right now where <propfemale> the e playful lorer goes to bikini bottom on a suicide mission   
"if you have multiple personalities and you shoot yourself is it suicide, or homicide?"
"there's always a little truth behind evey \just kidding\"" a little knowledge behind every \"" i don't know\"" a little emotion behind every \"" i don't care\"" and a little pain behind every\"" it's okayy\"""""
is at the junction between wtf and i don't give a shit
hate that im sitting home on the saturday of my birthday week ): can't wait for my id to come  
"i've always wanted to jump in a yellow cab and shout, \follow that car!\"""""
"thinks that if you want to spend your life focused on negativity, then keep it to yourself and don't bring others down with you "
am i the only one not watching the soccer game lol   my daughter is watching <propfemale> montana waiting for the premier of <propfemale> montana forever to come on which doesnt start till 8 and its 4   oh god pleasse help me    
the pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist e playful ects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails 
it's my birthday and ill do what i want  smile 
<propfemale> i've decided that i want to go to the oc fair this weekend   whos down?
so yeah everyones like your 21 now you can buy your own beer !! and im like why would i want to buy my own beer   i was perfectly fine with people buying it for me!
i wasn't planning on drinking today but my baby brought home a big ass bottle of patron     i better put the girls to sleep early cuz its gunna take a lot of sissy la la's to finish the bottle 
well my bday is officially over   i guess the only thing i have to look forward to now is 65   senior citizen discounts here i come! unless i get <propmale> and live the hollywood life style where thanx to botox  40 is the new 20  smile 
"can't wait till august !!! ozzfest the 14th and anjelah <propmale> n <propfirst> <propfirst> are gunna be at the brea improv, awww i could use a good laugh  love "
im making fish for dinner cuz im trying to get in shape    wait    i am in shape    round is a shape right     im trying to get in a different shape !
i am starting to get bored    and boredom is something up of which i will not put!
takingt the girls to the doc  today   they need to get caught up on some shots   and not the good kind either ): <propfemale> i'll be in la habra trick  smile 
omg it was so hot outside today   i walked from the doc  to my moms and almost died!! <propfemale> glad to be back in my air conditioned apt  where the temp is never over 72 degress  smile  i never want to leave again 
"men may say why marry the cow , when u can get the milk 4 free ? well we say why marry a pig just to get a little sausage?"
notice- if you have noticed this notice you may have noticed that this notice is noticeably a notice that's not worth noticing   smile 
the girls came home from there grandmas last night <propfemale> i guess my vacation is over ): but its ok   they give me a reason to wake up in the morning  smile 
is wondering where this road is taking me and who will be with me once i get where i am going   and who i'll leave along side the road in the middle of nowhere!
stupid people start problems   smart people solve problems   intelligent people avoid problems   and bitches add to the problem    which one are you?
jazzlyn just went pee pee n the potty!!! it only took me putting the potty chair in front of the tv and telling her if she gets up ima turn off <propfemale>   then i gave her like three cups off juice and whalla pee pee n the potty   she didnt know what the big deal was lol  smile 
"my day just took a turn for the worst   i know ill be fine, as for you i doubt it   you were only strong when i was carrying most of the wait "
wonder why it's so hard to tell the difference between your knight in shining armor and some random moron wrapped in tinfoil ):
"life ain't always as it seems, neither are people "
i think it's funny how the guilty are always the first to accuse    
"which way are you gonna take? the left one where there's nothing right, or the right one where there's nothing left?"
"\hearts will never be made practical until they are made unbreakable \"" - tinman (wizard of oz)"""
is one bad relationship away from owning 30 cats );
"3 things in life you can't take back  words, so mean what you say, bullets, so hit what you aim at and bad decisions, so always think twice if u know its wrong "
"life has handed me a fare share of lemons  i have decided to make grape juice with them, then stand back and watch everyone wonder how the hell i did it  "
"when a man talks dirty to a woman its sexual harassment  when a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3 95 min"
here's how you end the twilight saga in one scene  <propfemale> and <propfirst> smoke a blunt together  <propfirst> gets the munchies  no more <propfemale>  the end rofl
i wish i could just rip my own heart out and stomp it into the ground and save men the trouble!!
i'm going to smile like nothings wrong (;
"sometimes when you're in love with someone, you have to forgive them for all the weird and idiotic mistakes they make  love "
i lost my weed cookies ):
"i wonder how 2 toddlers can make more work than an infant? i used to think i couldn't get anything done, now everything i get done, just gets \undone\"" """
jersey shore season 2 premier tonight  smile  yay!
my two year old just told me she wants the ab rocket   wtf??
@ the park with the girls  playful 
just got home and i already want to leave    ughh   fml!
i am awake before the girls   uhm this is a first    
making homemade speghetti for dinner   with garlic bread and salad   i can't wait it's gunna be <propfemale> bomb  
friendship is love and love is friendship   if love fails then friendship should remain for friendship is the foundation of love  love 
"i guess in the end, it all comes down to the fine line between who you thought that person was, and the truth "
i could put your ass on blast all over face book but luckily for you im just too classy  love 
ahhh the pleasures of junk food are bitter sweet (;
being in love doesn't mean you'll never break up with someone  it means you'll always get back together!  smile  x
"when the power of love overcomes the love of power, then we will know peace - jimi hendrix"
seriously thinking about suing redbull for false advertisement          
"shrek is the best fairytale  in the others, the princes and the princesses are perfect  it teaches us that imperfect people can still have a happily-ever-after "
not feeling like myself today     well actually i haven't felt like myself for a few years now   i miss me ):
my free spirit has been locked in a cage and the key has been thrown away     
dont regret it    but i still live with the side effects  annoyed 
another day to <propfirst> off the calendar    
i really want some <propmale> right now  
ughh i woke up feeling sick   i have so much to do today   where's all the motivation at??
just got my phone in the mail !! yay me !!
super excited for ozzfest tomorrow!!!
ozzfest today!!! yay me!!     rip <propfirst> munster meza today is in memory of you   
ozzfest was intense!!! n im proud of myself i have no hangover  smile 
about to hit up starbucks***
making enchiladas  smile 
worried   hope everything turns out for the best  
ugh   i dont feel like doing anything  annoyed 
back n the dayz when i was young im not a kid anymore but some dayz i sit n wish i was a kid agian  annoyed 
walked outside to do laundry and there was a praying mantis by my door   how awesome is that  wish the girls were here to see it 
ugh   can't sleep  annoyed 
stressing out       fml!!
hoot hoot zoo pals    ribbit ribbit zoo pal    zoo pals make eating fun!!    
i just want to get this over with already    so i can put it behind me *
fudge sickles were invented with me n mind (;
"watching \ the simpson movie\"" and lmao  smile      waiting for <propfemale> to get here  sara if you read this bring me chocolate  smile """
when you get to that fork in the road do you follow the path led by you mind or led by your heart ?
"can't sleep     the \ what ifs\"" are really starting to get to me  annoyed """
i hate cooking when im not hungry   
watching i  love  <propfemale>    gotta love it!
ugh i've been cleaning for hours just trying to keep my mind off things and the second i stop scrubbing the walls it all comes back to me  
i need to find a job and i need a car   ugh  i hate being so needy!!
you dont deserve my tears but yet you keep finding new ways to make me cry  
going to do something today   dont know what yet but somethings better than nothing  smile 
anybody know whos hiring? i need a job asap  
ughh <propfemale> bored who's down to do something???
"work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody is watching, sing like no one is listening, live like there's no tomorrow "
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
today is a coffee kinda day   
i need to make phone calls but i dont feel like talking to people   dont know how thats going to work  annoyed 
be the change you want to see in the world  smile 
if i had a nickel for all the worries i have i would probably be <propmale> and have a lot less worries 
today i feel <propfemale> accomplished     cant wait for jersey shore tonight  
it would be easier to convince a toddler that you mean business if their side of the conversation did not make you laugh   
mission accomplished (;
happy friday everyone!!
drinking some blue <propfemale> and chillin with my baby  love 
hello world  smile 
some times coffee is not enough   would somebody please get the jumper cables!
i've been doing so much cleaning i better get  a pair of glass slippers and a <propmale> charming when i'm done  annoyed 
time that you enjoy wasting is not wasted  --<propfirst> lennon
~it's sad to know that there are some people who will only need and want you when it is convenient for them   ~
ok people <propfemale> everyone goes to vegas n arizona n big brear blah blah blah   so me n <propfemale> want to switch it up we're planning a road trip to new orleans    effin mardi gras bitchez   if you want to go hit me up for details if not sux for you  
ladies  life is too short to wait for a man to do it!
faith is not the belief that god will do what you want  it is the belief that god will do what is right 
someone will walk into your life one day and you will finally understand why the relationships in your past never worked out 
"dear god, if u give us back biggie and tupac   you can have bieber and miley    crossing my fingers on this one  smile "
i need a voice repeat button so i don't spend my days energy saying the same things over and over again to my kids!
did you ever wake up in the morning and want to smack the crap out of someone for something they did in your dream?
"whatever you are going through remember: god brings us into deep waters, not to drown us, but to cleanse us!"
"too blessed to be stressed because if i do my best, then god will do the rest!  love "
i'm loving this wether  love 
keep dancing with god and he will let the right guy cut in  smile 
what is this ignore <propfemale> day?? !! no bueno !!
!! que sera sera !!  smile 
overcast   the perfect cuddling wether    baby i like it  smile 
who needs a gym when you have kids??
finally cut off the died part of my hair so its all my natural hair again lol my hair is a born again virgin  smile  oh n the lil mamas got there hair did today too  smile 
vicodin and a cup of coffee  smile 
fuck i have to get up early tomorrow n i cant sleep   what do i do now?
showty ima only tell you this once you the illest!!
<propfemale> over <propfemale> over go away i have to go to work today    
what does it mean when someone pokes you??? n im talking about on facebook for you nasty minded people!!
omg!! looking for a job is <propfemale> effing hard when you have no car n can only work at a certain time because you have no babysitter      fml!
hopefully today isn't as disappointing as yesterday   
so far so good     im keeping my hopes up  smile 
today will be what i make it out to be   i will accept the things i cannot change and change the things i cannot except   smile 
starbucks did me good  smile 
ok the wether is bipolar         
omg the thunder is scaring the girls   it looks like a big storm is on the way which is weird cuz it was <propfemale> hot yesterday      be prepared for an earthquake people  
"a good mom doesn't complain when she's home on a friday night for the first time in a long time she brags about how excited she is, to go out on saturday for the first time in two months   cant wait for tomarrow  smile "
i just ate super nachos from moca salsa   dam i haven't had those in over two years  
<propfemale> tired it was a long day i dont know where im gunna find the energy to go out tonight 
im on some knew shit chucking my deuces up!!
why did i drink a cup of coffee at 10 o clock at night?
ok wheres my big cup of motivation that i ordered last week???
it hurts sooo goood   my abs feel like i got hit by a bus   i love pilates!!
i like it on the coffee table  smile 
im keeping my head up but the tide is slowly rising    i am just prolonging the inevitable  annoyed 
omg so glad to be back in civilization    went camping in idywild this weekend with the fam bam   hiked up a 7 mile trail n heard a mountain lion    im so sore i felt like i was on survivor but then again i feel like that every day  smile 
i bought jazzlyn some <propfemale> big girl underwear   maybe she wont pee in them       crossing my fingers!
applied at a few more jobs today   like my status if you wish me luck  smile 
jazzlyn went pee pee in the potty 3 times in a row with out going in her underwear   i have high hopes for tomorrow n big plans for all the money ill be saving on diapers  smile 
todays gunna be a great day!! because i said so    dammit !!
omg jazzlyn just went to the restroom with me asking her too im super excited!!
"hahaha i was watching the step up and get involved commercial so i yelled at the girls \ you better graduate high school\"" n jazzlyn says \"" gimme <propfemale> first \"" if only it was that easy  smile """
so many young people are passing away i vow to never take this life or my loved ones for granted          rip <propfemale> soto
"im so glad i dont live in whittier or la habra any more i'll never forget where i came from cuz it reminds me that my girls deserve so much more i couldn't imagine losing them at a young age or at any age for that matter due to a fucked up neighborhood   \(rip <propfemale> soto)"
today was pretty unpredictable  smile  its only 5 o' clock cant wait to see what happens next!
"i feel <propfemale> bad, jazzlyns had a fever that keeps coming back since last night   im going to take her to urgent care if it comes back again   i hate it when my babies are sick ):"
bags are supposed to be cute accessories not something attached to my face    
i 've cleaned up poop n throw up n its not even 1200 yet yay me!!!!
im speechless       and that's saying a lot   
i can't sleep     not used to being alone ): i never knew my bed was so big!
"\blah                            yep that's it just blah\"""""
omg this is going to be the longest two weeks of my life     i miss you already    i cant wait to feel you   in my arms again!!!
of course when im depending on the girls to wake me up early they sleep in   
i hope it doesnt start raining again so me n the girls can get out of the house and get our mind of missing daddy       annoyed 
i *ucking miss you!!!!
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer \r i p  grandma <propfemale>   "
yay!!!! daddys home!!    its going to be a great day  smile 
when one door closes another opens but the time in the hallway is hell! and some hallways are longer than others 
i think i would be much skinnier if i had to peddle to keep my computer on   all well i guess im stuck with pilates  
im a sucka for love  love 
"some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to "
"i look at people sometimes and think, \for real? that's the sperm that won??\"""""
when you're having a happy moment--praise god  difficult moment--seek god  quiet moment--worship god  painful moment--trust god  every moment--thank god  smile 
oh yeah time to wake up yeah!!!
where are all the parties going down tonight??
oh yeah   i dont remember how i got home yeah!!
you know you had a good night when you wake up in the morning and it takes you a while to figure out where your at and how you got there hehe  smile 
im a pirate arrrrg !!!!
i got the job!!! yay me!!
i have this overwhelming feeling that i have been truly blessed and i hope it never goes away  smile 
can't wait to start christmas shopping for my girls  smile 
everything is falling into place nicely  smile 
so glad im done with all the running around i had to today !! can't wait for <propfirst> to get home so we can go look at day cares for the mamas 
i have so much to do but it's all going to be worth it in the end        hopefully (;
first day of work on monday   can't wait for my first pay day  smile 
wtf is the point of myspace if it looks like facebook?
"there's so many things i want to get the girls for christmas!! i can't stop browsing through toys online, i think i'm more excited then they are hehe  smile  life is so good right now !"
it's going to be cold tomorrow i get to wear my boots with the fur lol  smile 
over all today was a freakin' great day  smile 
i hardly have time to get on here anymore ):
thank god tomorrow's friday  smile  it's been a long week and im looking forward to the weekend!
yawn        
went shopping n loved it!!
today was the girls first day of daycare they loved it  love  now its time to clean n make dinner  smile 
im finally home! today was the longest day ever  i cant wait to show the girls all the stuff i bought them  (;
its saturday    lets do this !
the possibilities are endless  smile 
there wasn't enough time in today to do everything i wanted to do ): but there's always tomorrow 
uugghh my head hurts  i just want to get tomorrow over with so i can start to enjoy the holidays 
happy turkey day everyone!! can't wait to get my grub on later  smile 
"it's sad but true, that reason and love keep little company nowadays "
clean   make dinner   laundry    bed   wake up and do it all over again   wish me luck  smile 
"tuesdays almost over i think im gunna make it out alive   but this is just the battle, if i make it till friday i will have won the war  smile "
staying home from work to take care of my sick kids is more work than my actual work  
i am at a loss for words  
putting up my christmas decorations    how exciting  smile  i love the holiday season !
getting ready to go to the brea improv can't wait to lmao!!
making lasagna for dinner    i'm so hungry i can't wait  smile 
"everyone if you get a link telling you \what are you doing in this video\"" sent to you by one of your friends dont open it!! click the arow on the right hand side of the comment on report it !!!! stop the virus or get hacked lol!!! oh shit now i feel like tech support   lol"""
"always remember with boys & heels: the ones that look the best, hurt the worse  \  annoyed """
is realizing that sometimes your happy ending is letting go!
"sometimes we need to get out, get away and momentarily forget everything    tonight will be one of those nights  smile "
how could you be so dr  evil    your bringin out a side of me that i dont know    
"women are like ovens, u have to let them get heated up first, while men are like microwaves, push one button and their good to go!"
men have family jewels    is this why women have jewelry boxes lol    ?
"gooood morning friends, family, and assholes!! each one of u know what category u fit in, so no need to ponder nor ask "
i think that people with sharp tongues should be careful  you might just open your mouth & cut your own throat 
"i don't have children, i have terrorists, my own little weapons of mass destruction!"
<propfemale> glad christmas is over    rushing my baby to the emergency room at 1am is not my favorite thing to do for the holiday    annoyed 
this year needs to hurry up and be over already    its just dragging on now 
the possibilities are endless for 2011   cant wait to get drunk and forget 2010   smile 
hating my stupid daycare right now   my girls are always sick  annoyed  eerrrr
double stuffed vanilla oreos    heaven on earth  smile 
the first week of the new year has been good to me        so far  smile 
even on the darkest days the sun is shinning somewhere  smile 
time to put the kids down for a nap    its about to get x rated (;
so much to do so little motivation  i could never just enjoy my days off   maybe one day  smile 
dinner special at the barajas residence : boneless bbq ribs with potato salad and veggies   waiting for daddy to get home so i can grub!
"i've been lagging it all morning and now i only have 30 <propfemale> to get me n the girls ready for their doc apt    annoyed  the extra 15 <propfemale> of sleep was <propfemale> not worth is, but i never learn "
omg im <propfemale> glad jersey shores back on      this season looks likes it's going to be intense  smile 
work shifts starting at 6am sat and sun at this point i just want the weekend to be over  annoyed         
<propfemale> much to do today but im not going to do shit until i drink my coffee 
i hate that ungrateful little bitch <propfemale> on teen mom 2 she needs to get checked!!
i drove on the freeway for the first time yesterday and im still alive to talk about it      yay me!  
if my car wasn't such a gas guzzler i'd drive as far away from this place as possible 
praying that my shift goes by fast!
i just keep reminding myself that tomorrow is my friday  smile 
patron on the rocks n im ready for some shotz  playful  it's my friday!!
pilate time !! hope i get super soar!
i don't give a dam who won all i know is i won 50 bucks yay me!
day three !!!!!!!!!
todays going to be fun!! shopping with thee sisters  smile 
getting ready  love 
not in the mood for valentines  annoyed 
it's just me and my bottle of marlot   happy v-day people if no one loves you i love you    oh wait i think thats the alcohol talking lol 
time to turn up the radio and clean the house   this is exactly what i wanted to do today      not!
time to start getting ready for work    booo!
uuuugggghhhhhhrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"omg <propfirst> is going to be so mad @ me when he gets home   i just gave his burrito to a hobo in front of 7 11 that had a sign that said \i don't drink\"" lol """
on my way to starbucks before work   im working 6 days this week and then im off for my mans bday     maybe we'll go to dtf  hit me up if you want to meet us there  smile 
dtf tonight!!
about to get my drink on   waiting for my girls to get here with that patron  playful 
im so confused right now       wait what just happened? i think i need an instant replay button for my life!
if you want it you can get it for the rest of your life  love 
you would think potty training would be easier the second time around      well it's not  annoyed 
on my way to the beach  smile 
the beach was awesome  smile  now i have to clean make dinner and then go on my evening run    tomorrows my monday and i feel so accomplished!
it's saturday and the girls are @ grandmas house   the possibilities are endless   or i can just stay home order pizza and enjoy the peace n quiet  annoyed 
