004a5469536d001baa1469979a449e85
just back from short trip to conn  mystic    gotta love having those weekends off!!!
the start of a beautiful day   and bonus- weekend is now closer than the start of the week!!
"yeah    so not happy- probably need a new radiator,  drat! just when i was getting  more comfortable without drama!!!"
work meeting at blue    life is rough!!!
enjoying  free speech and freedom of thought today   thankful for my life today!
"kicking back today, enjoying  family, and fireworks tonight  decided to avoid the poison <propfemale> in the bushes today- i can slay them  another day!!!"
"long day, lots of growth   time to hit the pillow and say a prayer or two "
"attitude, today, more serene and taking time to embrace some acceptance  apparently i don't know everything!!!"
yeah   note to self:  remember to actually use sunscreen!!!
looking foreward to tackling the hedge- this time with long sleves and long pants- no more poisen for me!!
"vacation!!!  nice just taking time to pause  lots to do around the house, time for meditation, and family time  awesome"
grateul today to once again learn humility
really enjoying spending time with my family   vacation rocks!
soooo glad to have my computer back   looking foreward to a great weekend 
"what a great day!  spent the morning having a wonderful brunch with my favorite pregnant friend, then finally took out the bike!  i know    awesome!  haven't been out in so long   initially a little tentative, but it was fine   glad to have the time to ri"
"breathing for one    terribly humid out there   secondly- thought that when it came to feelings, done meant done   jokes on me i guess   still struggling with  feelings surrounding my mom's death   going thru  the pain apparently is better than circumvent"
little relaxing time at musikfest tonight with my daughter   took her to listen to some music and ran into some friends   how great is that???!!!
"long day, and it is not even over yet    thinking about just staying in tonight   just needing some down time for a change  oh    perhaps not    i see dust bunnies mating on my ceiling fan!!!"
up early to pick blueberries!  what am i thinking???
"really had a nice end to my day!  went to <propfemale> and jax's house on my bike, had some dinner, and then long ride   so glad to have good friends who keep me moving  "
"back from another 2 shifts at musikfest!! truth be told- rain does not keep people home, nor do people wear sensible shoes to a place they must walk, walk,walk?? go figure  no emergences today though!!"
oh yeah    weekend finally here!!!
back to work today to relax!  weekends seem to fill up so fast!  no time to just pause   still haven't gotten the whole   5 day workweek thing 
at work and working hard 
"reflecting on all the wonderful things i have been priveledged to enjoy this year   evidently  growth is inevitable, pain optional   all in all, glad to be still younger than my sister!!!"
i am the luckiest girl on the planet>  great family times when you least e playful ect it!!!
pow wow today! should be alot of fun   need to remember sun screen though   start of vacation!!! wohoo!!!
"home from work, kicking up my feet, enjoying tossing a ball to the dog  dogs are great= they love you no matter what kind of day you have had!"
working on acceptance today-certainly a lesson i am getting over and over again   what's the learning curve on this???
"painted the gazebo yesterday, going to watch my niece play softball today, chillin with the fam  "
happy to greet the night   
friday!!!!!
eating!!that's what's on my mind!!!
yeah  not infective- no h1n1
"today feeling better, looking forward to the weekend,  thinking about making some homemade soup   hmmmmm"
ok- now i've decided to learn to do a few more feminine things that i wish i had learned when i was young   why is learning so easy for little people and so hard for us grownups 
the world as i know it is in constant flux  how very wonderful and painful all at once 
"funny how i used to see my life changing before me like i was  watching a movie   today, i feel like i am participating in my life   how wonderful!!!"
really struggling with the absurdity of my own mind  struggling with the holidays   again 
"beautiful morning, crisp air, sunshine    coffee, dinner, and games with my universe  what a great way to start the week!"
i hate when people come to work sick   i always get it!!!
off to the movies with my two favorite kids!
"nude, for now   "
"feels like a reiki kinda day!  give a few, get one,  life is good!!!"
love saturday morning breakfast with my daughter   
"spent the day, eyes wide open, heart strong, and swallowing my pride-  what a wonderful day!  learned so much about myself today "
anybody have the switch to turn off the chatter in my head so i could sleep?
practicing peaceful <propfemale> in all things dear to me 
ugh    the stomach virus <propfemale> has officially come to visit our home! <propfirst> greeted me tonight with all the usual symptoms   it's been a long night for both of us  wish she felt better! pulling out the garlic to <propmale> off the darn <propfemale>  hope it works for this and not just vampires!
well   there is power in positive thinking!  <propfirst> feeling better and i seem to have fought off the virus <propfemale>!  ready to hop right into a beautiful saturday!!!
"saw avatar- amazing scenery and special effects   several powerful messages weaved into the story   overall,  a good show!"
warm cup of coffee and then off to the dog park   hoepfully it is not so muddy this am!  i do love mornings
"wish i could get a few hours sleep at night    i was counseled on \good sleep hygeine\"" and still having trouble   ugh   """
glad to be home   
"deb   short for d'butante, a term for the subject of a coming of age event in which a young girl \makes her debut into society \""  often in a very formal context  can be defined  by the trained edge at which they interact with others and perhaps themselves """
deb: 1  n  a sassy remark on the noticible effort another puts into their appearance presentation   2  adj- the act of preparing for a big entrance   3  n: a work an actual debutante would use if feeling rebellious 
constantly in amazement at the person i left behind   
"shovelled the house and car out, now time to play in it instead!  taking the dog out for a walk   loving life!"
life is  a constant state of flux   it is how i respond to the changes that makes me the woman i am   i hope that i am a loving woman filled with grace and honor 
"for all my wonderful friends braving the weather, already living at the hospital, or otherwise stressed out   didn't sleep in this am either  up since 5 am anyway  guess 30 some years of working has had the last laugh!"
"ah    the beauty of it    my son, who was not talking to me,  took the first snow shoveling shift and he and <propfirst> are helping our elderly neighbor   just when you think you  messed everthing and everyone up     "
"well, home alone with the animals (no not the kids), everyone off to grandma's to shovel her out   i am holding down the fort here at home    time to  catch my breath"
who left the faucet on?????
"\every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity\""  <propmale> hubbel chapin"""
"\sometimes you need to let go of something great in order to get something really wonderful\"""""
"nice long afternoon walk with a dear friend, sunshine, dogs and kids in tow   what a great afternoon!  think i am starting to warm up to winter   hmmm"
"so thankful i got a <propmale> to connect with a friend from phila    what a great morning  filled with gratitude, love , and hope   hard to beat that!!!"
"i'v done a good job of keeping busy in the daytime, nighttime however is filled with the comittee in my head   really missing my mom tonight  feeling vunerable and like that little girl who grew up feeling all alone in this world "
"i have found that i really enjoy these vegetarian meals i have been making   love this new cookbook i found  amazing how my perspective changes , given enough time   and motivation!"
hearing the waves crash against the surf reminds me that all i need do is show up and practice peaceful <propfemale> 
"<propfemale>,  so blessed to been given the opportunity to see <propfemale>!  it was probably the best musical i have seen  wonderful job, kudos to the entire troupe, orchestra, and crew  hugs "
"if you sent me an email in the last 4 days, you will need to resend it  my computer deleted them all as soon as i signed into my yahoo mail  ugh!!!"
"even tho i am grateful, i am finding myself a <propmale> intolerable- angry, frustrated, and oh so cranky   big tenth today   "
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, and the backbeat"
"enjoyed doing the autism walk yesterday@ the parkway_it was beautiful  but am paying for it today, even after cutting it short  sometimes i still think i'm invincible!"
what are you doing for your earth   everyday????  make a difference!!!
warming up my arms for the flight tomorrow   hope it's warmer there!
"grateful, tired, hurting, burnt brain=much needed down time  skipping the last meeting and resting   "
"ah    beautiful sunrise, morning meditations, and peaceful <propfemale>  it's gonna be a great day!"
oh so cold here   35 this am!
can you say intense!!!  feel like i have walked into congress or something!   word for the night- chill!!
think i've finally adjusted and have caught up on some sleep as i am wide awake at 3am!
oh---i think i'm gonna pay for this   
getting ready to come home to my family and friends 
layover in chicago   love to people watch!
ugh   lousy afternoon  feeling yucky   thankfully home bound 
wtf?  client had electric shut off- calls dr for authorization to get it turned back on  caveat- she owes $9000   wtf!
tired of not feeling well   
just when i thought i couldn't be prouder   kids are amazing! and i have two i'm so damned proud of!
decided i need to make some tough decisions about time management   ugh-
blech     
tea with a friend at perk them the emmaus farmers market 
"can i say what a great time i had with two wonderful friends tonight, and a lil ole band called the large flowerheads! they really rocked mayfair!"
ouch!  new i would pay  for all the fun i had last night!
"laying low today, did some housework, worked on clearing the porch so i can sit there in the mornings before work and meditate, off to a friends later for dinner and hopefully a fire!!"
"if old wounds are not healed before we take a mental approach to training the mind,  the feeling of monsters in the basement will forever be clawing on the cellar door, even as we smile and <propfemale> against the latch   we must weave a healing story that transforms our life's e playful erience and gives meaning to whatever pain we have endured "
baptism today 4 a special someone and picnic to follow  fun!
"so looking forward to the weekend! bows, guns, woods, friends: what more could i ask for?"
it's a wonderful thing to wake up to the birds chirping and the sounds of the earth awakening 
good class tonight  there's nothing like seeing a light go on when you tell women they have the right of empowerment and can ask questions about the health care they recieve 
"think of my dad every day, esp today"
"\i just haven't  met you yet!\"""""
eight down four to go!
"ok, i lost my asset list, can anyone help  me start a new one?"
jft: feeling a bit like a  lotus flower that hasn't hit the surface yet   
very happy to have a wonderful reason to go shopping for some new duds and get all gussied up!
heading downtown for my morning wake up!
heading downtown <propfemale>  for my morning wakeup <propfirst>!
have i mentioned lately just how much i love bethlehem?!
"now  that i've been ironized,  i'm thinking i should be avoiding all you magnetic personalaties     "
begining a new week with a renewed sense of gratitude!
four
"ok, finally got to half the hedge, still more to do, but alas, not today  the heat is even too warm in the early morning,tomorrow is another day, hope the neighbors don't mind an early start  then   vacation week!!!!"
"blueberry festival!!!  bonus-  <propfemale>, moe, and <propfirst>!"
"home alone  generally i like the peace and quiet, but tonight i find it somewhat of a letdown! hmmm "
"today looks like a beautiful begining to a great week!  vacation week, no plans but will try to fit as much fun in as possible,,, any ideas anyone?"
grateful to have my life!
hanging with the universe today!
"went to the pool with a good friend,kids, and my daughter   i finally  got some sun in my soul, and am heading off to teach soon  so thankful for  all life has provided me "
storm!
"saw  inception tonight with a friend, it was kinda confusing! that combined with being tired= me losing focus "
"wondering if everything we are doing day to day, is just busywork?"
home early tonight  nice change   wink 
trying to face today with love and grace  the choices of my past have molded me  the choices of my present define me   the choices of my future free me!
sitting with my beautiful daughter on main st bethlehem totally engaged and loving her company!  smile 
musikfest countdown 24 hours! yeah!
"morning paper, cup of coffee, and breakfast    not a bad way to start the day!"
"getting ready to head to musikfest very soon   waitin on the kid to get home! dinner, then out the door!  catch you all there!"
hanging at musikfest enjoying <propfemale> jones and  earning my keep!
keep moving   just  keep moving
awoke this morning filled with awesomeness!!!
soggy!!!
what a beautiful large red sunrise this morning 
so very grateful to be true to my spirit and stop letting fear direct my life  thanks for another life lesson!
"i am filled with such love and gratitude for all my loving friends  thank you all for the birthday wishes, they made my day! what a great way to start 49!"
"wonderful night with all my kids! great birthday present, wonderful show!  thanks <propfirst> and <propfirst>  hugs"
"wonderful time with some fabulous women at the evolve festival in new jersey  did some yoga, lots of meditation, singing bowls, and great music, and people watched "
heading out of town for an ob ultrasound certification  hold down the fort   y'all
exam over- 4*6 weeks for results  what's done       is done!
"waking up in my own bed, hearing the rain gently tap on my window pane, dog curled up in a chair, priceless   "
catching up on life 
wtf   on my way to work driving downtown allentown when  the guy in front of me is apparently enjoying his morning hummer!  at least stay in your own <propfirst>!
each morning i get another opportunity to decide how best to live my life with honesty and integrity  i get to choose my level of participation in life   today    i'm full in!
"home sick today, damn asthma"
no   not well   not well at all!
"usually the dining room table, if i must, on the bed "
"ooh, the afternoon is looking up! steroids have kicked in and the antibiotics have started kicking butt!"
sometimes ya just get blindsided!!!
"new love, spicy eggplant relish with goat cheese on whole grain flats!  yummy!"
rip june your loving soul will be dearly missed
could this day get any longer? perhaps i shouldn't ask!
today  27years ago i was blessed with a beautiful daughtrr!  happy birthday <propfirst>
"up again,  really?!"
lazy morning no doubt due to my peroidic insomnia!
"loving the beautiful fall!!! there is just something about the crunch of the leaves and the smell of fall- trees and wood stoves, fire pits and coffee!"
just plain ole blessed!!!
wonderful time with friends  and music!  now a day of spiritual regeneration 
"somber morning, but, rome was not built in  a day !"
"wow moe , that was beyond fantasic! thanks  who would have thought  tapping on some  skins would bring such peace! namaste"
"every day presents new opportunity to do things differently   if ivdo what i've always done, i'll get what i've always gotten!"
rehoboth - beach-  yeah!!!
"beach,films, sunshine, good company    need i say more?"
moving the sis and dog to a brand new home   
"round one and two done,  only one more plus pulling out thr tools to finish up    pne home officially moved!!"
"happy gratitude day! i am so blessed to have my health, passion for living, and friends and family to love  if you are reading this i am so grateful you are a part of my world  tell someone you love them today!"
growth     ugh    wishing it was a <propmale> less painful
"life is ever fluid, constantly changing, falling into the tiniest cracks and spaces forcing us to e playful and and give where necessary  the change water effects can take several years to see the differences  just like me!"
"working on positive changes   following direction ,   and  enjoying every moment!"
"lollipops, flying monkeys, broomsticks     gotta love the wizard of oz!!!"
meditative drumming!
thanks  moe for a great proactive drumming session with lehigh valley drum circle!  feeling extremely fantabulous this morning!!!
hanging with most of the universe tonight!!! looking forward to some laughs
"not disappointed in the least!  great fun, deep belly laughs, fantabulous food, and people i love!!!"
"christmas tree up and semi decorated, making vegetarian chili thanks to el !!!gonna watch a movie and relax at home for a change "
"it's all good  all my faves won something! dina,flowerheads, connie   thanks for the inspiration   "
drumming tonight!!!
round two on the iv iron!  should be livelier soon!
"ah    nothing like a crisp, brisk morning to help you appreciate  the day!  where's my coffee?"
drumming again tonight   nuff said
"exhausted, migraine hanging on, and  early work tomorrow= insomnia tonight!!!"
"and so the week begins    early starts, home early!!!"
"decided to sleep in this morning, really   "
"mmmmm    toasted goat cheese, turkey bacon and hot pepper jelly from the back doorbakeshop "
making homemade wild mushroom ravioli and veggie relenos for the coming workweek
"breakfast with my two favorite kids, at blue sky    ran into some friends, great food, together for a change, what a fabulous way to begin my day!"
2011;  life begins at the end of your comfort zone!  planneng on testing this out some more !!
just when you think you are breaking even- got home and the transformer died on the heating system   after hours call plus part=$$$ 
haircut    traditional or a little edgy???
listening in on the wdiy listener appreciation party!
late start today!  office opens at nine=more time for me to dig out!
congrats to thw backdoor bakeshop !  saw the morning call pic from the easton choc  soiree   your logo stood right out!!!
"finally sprung, now i can go home   feeling much better "
just walked the labyrinth at the church down the street-  best meditation i've had all week!
participating in a day of peace  today!
really emjoying the <propfemale> of the rain on the metal porch roof   takes me back   
prayers to all areas and people affected by the earthquake and tsunami 
f%*^~#*!
"can't wait to hear the \bhoys\"" shortly!!!"""
i am always  amazed at the pure beauty of the people i choose to include in my life!!
the <propfemale> is vibing in bethlehem
"a productive and love filled day spent with family, good friends, music, and mother earth!"
sleet and snow   really??!!!
acceptance and adaptation   
430am  on a sunday     really???
