7632d0759bc05ca4a62dfda5261c0d2c
help!!! i got the pig flu!
im bored  i need some gossip  any volunteers?
just got off work  im tired 
thank god sucky 2010 is almost over! i cant wait for 2011!! happy new year everybody!! just say no to drugs n alcohol!
i just talked to my baby boy <propfirst>! that just made my day!!!!!
i am bored!!
help! im bored with a 18 pack of beer can somebody help me?
i miss my ex co workers!!!!!!!!!!
i wanna go shopping!!!!!
im freezing my balls off  i need something warm to drink  any suggestions?
im tired n lazy
whats good for getting rid of the flu? im miserable n i dont know what to do!!!
"fuckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! shit!!!!!!!!!!! im still sick!!!!! i need a flu shot, or 2 or 3  help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
fuck! i dont wanna go to work today 
the rain makes me want to sleep!
"i need a job that will start me out at $20  an hour , full benefits, a monthly bonus, 3 week paid vacation every 6 months, oh n i make my own schedule  no background checks please! any suggestions?"
i really get tired of being nice sometimes like today!!!!
drunk people kind get on my nerves after they've been drunk for 3 days in a row 
im bored n hungry!
help!! i cant breathe through my nose!!!! damm allergies!! fiddle faddle!!
i hate working with annoying people!! i dont wanna work today
why r people soooooo fuckin annoying!!!!!!!!!!!????????????????? im so glad to be home!
im tired of being sick!!! im about to go to the emergency room n wait all night so that they can help me!!!
i feel soooo much better  antibiotics r da shit!!!!!!
im suposed to be going to my brother in law's b-day party today but id rather just kick it at home wit my <propfemale>
"i did go to the party  it was fun, lots of drunk people  including my husband  he almost took a piss on the living room tv  yep thats a proud moment right there"
im enjoying my day off  tomorow i have to go back to work oh well at least im working with fun people so my day will fly by 
if only i had the balls to leave
im hungry! somebody needs to bring me food  right now!!!!!
fucken faded n almost single! i deserve a happy life  f all da bullshit  ni que fuedas el unico cabron en este mundo!
fuck! is anybody awake right now  its a beautiful day n ima a litlee drunk rigjght noew 
whats a good remedy for hangovers? besides not drinking?
i am tired n cannot wait to sleep in tomorow!!!
im excited about the rsvl fair! free admission  hells yes!!!!!! hispanic day jun 27!
my poor pale legs will not change color!!!!!!!!!! im about to get a orange tan from the bottle!!!!!!
im gonna be a grandma!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i wonder how many puppies my dog's girlfriend will have 
i cant wait to see the puppies  i wonder when my kids r gonna give me some grandbabies?
"shit, damm, balls, ouch! i am <propfemale> sunburned i dread going to bed tonight! i dont know what to do to take this pain away  help!!!!!!!!!!"
i started tanning today  im gonna go everyday n hopefully my legs will change color soon!
i have no car right now! this really sucks!
i still have no car but its amazing what a few minutes of tanning will do for u  it will make u super happy! : ) !!!!
can somebody wave a magic wand for me so that my car will run again 
i got my car back! im super duper happy!
i hope everybody has a happy 4th of july!
4th of july traffic sucked!!!!!
the new twilight movie was the shit!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want to molest <propmale>!
somebody scratched the shit out of my car door! fuckin great!!!!
"thank god this weekend is almost over  im tired of nosy, drunk, people  i would rather babysit a bratty kid than a drunk!"
"im hungry! somebody needs to feed me, right now!!!"
i goz <propfemale> hair did today  (thank u <propfirst>) i feel perty!
dang my house was on the news thursday night due to some crazy ass drama that broke out 
i guess i could get off my ass n clean my bedroom but ahh whatever!
"my room is clean now, dinner is cooked, n im going to work in an hour  im such a good housewife!!!"
i slept like a baby  thank u <propfemale>!
im ready to go shopping!!!
hangovers suck!
another boring monday has arrived 
im about to eat some <propmale> n cheese  yummy!!!!!!!!
"i wanna go shopping  but i have to pay my rent  whats more important, rent or a cute shirt? decisions desicions"
can somebody tell me how to make jello shooters? or whatever their called
counting down the hours til my party!
it came n gone  the party was a blast  the cleaning up sucks though!
today was a lovely day  i hate having to say by to my kids though!!!
who's hiring? i need a real job with real hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : (
"does anybody out there know how to save a resume onto a computer, attach that muther fucker and send it  because i dont!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
another boring friday  came n gone  i have no life  i guess thats what happens when ur old
so far so good  now lets close the weekend tomorow with another fun day!
i got 2 possibilities for a new job!! wish me luck!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess who has an interview this morning?!!!!!!!!
and another interview tomorow morning  just hire me already!!!!!!
"to all kids out there, dont do drugs n get caught  it will become a felony and stay on your record for ever and then you cannot get good jobs  trust me i know this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i am officially a grandma!!!!!!!!!!my dog's babys mama had her puppys today!!!!!!!!
it has been brought to my attention that today is friday the 13! guess i better get <propfemale> drink on in order to celebrate
im lazy and hungry  cant somebody feed me already!
here i go to work  im actually getting 5 hrs today 
as i was giving my cat a bath i realized cats dont like baths  n thats when she scratched the crap out of me  but she smells like herbal essense 
"back pain sucks  i am an old crippeld lady today! ouch, help!!!!!!!"
everybody is getting on my last nerve today!!!!!!!!! i need to go hide somewhere  where can i go?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ok, so now im not as cranky as i was earlier  i just hope nobody pisses me off tonight "
fuck my life!!
"i have no money, no job, no life  but my <propfemale> is takin me to the lake today! wooo hoooo!"
after a fun weekend another boring ass week is here again
"i am quite the miss <propfemale> crocker today! fried chicken, rice, mashed potatoes, n biscuits  anybody hungry?"
it is too damm hot to do anything except skinnydip  here i go!
im going insane  soooo bored  i guess i will pick my nose a lil more 
ya me chingo de hambre! quien me va a dar de comer?
today is my anniversary n my husband is getting drunk  out of all days to be a jerk 
uh  i feel shitty 
whats on my mind? spicy food and ice water  thanks noni
i hate mondays n mondays hate me
if i could whistle i'd be whistling right now
the chicken was frying n then it popped n burned me  poor me  : (
i need a beer! right now!!!!!!!
i have today n tomorrow off!! woohoo  now          what shall i do?
"car accidents suck! the front of my car is totaled, n i cant get the image out of my mind  my life sucks right now!!!!!  : ("
i miss my car already  im about to start driving it the way it is 
cut my arms off n tell me to swim!!!!
fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"fuck today, fuck everyday, i quit!!!!!! ( not my job)"
i go to work n stay on my feet for 5 5 hrs than i get home n cant even relax  thats some bullshit!!!!!!!
woo hoo! i love <propmale> <propfirst> n <propmale> <propfirst> loves me!
dinner wont cook itself so i guess i better go get some take out!
woop woop  <propfemale> car is fixed!!! no more begging for a ride  i can do my own thing!!!!!
i thought that one phone call fucked up my day but my husband saved the day by taking me n <propfemale> dog for a walk at the park!
today was a long but good day  ive been needing a good day 
i thought that if i got a flu shot i couldnt get sick  i guess i was wrong!
"sniffle sniffle, sneeze sneeze  somebody should come visit me! hey i can ryme!"
"im still sick  can somebody bring me a starbucks right now, please?"
ll8uiiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk gbvgggggggggggggg  n that was my cat sitting on my keyboard 
"im about to enjoy the breakfast of all champions, instant coffee, cookies, n a bowl of generic coco puffs! yummy"
drunk people r annoying sometimes  specially when im sober  ok not all of them just 1 in particular 
im about to get ready for work  n im not too excited about going 
hey everybody look what i can do!!!!                     : )
thank god sunday is over 
im so glad the situation did not get kicked off dancing wit the stars!!!
i have friday off  whats a girl to do? any suggestions?
why cant it be friday already?!
im hungry 
i am baking home made chocolate chip cookies! yummy
im heartbroken  my son is probably going to prison  i hope he gets a nice judge with a forgiving heart 
thank u everybody for ur support  this is one of the most difficult times of my life  it helps knowing that i have friends who care 
i got to see my son today  i heard his side of the story n i feel a <propfemale> bit better knowing that he didnt pull the trigger  i miss him soooooooo much!!!!!!!
my son has court today  i hope luck is on his side  i wanna bring my baby boy home!
woop woop  they dropped 4 out of 5 charges  i feel so much better 
my hubby is the best! he made me pancakes n a chocolate shake for dessert  he knows how to cheer me up! : )
my son called me finally! <propfirst> paid to fix my blue car  things r getting a lot better for me!!!!!!!!!
"wonders--if they squeeze <propfemale>s to make <propfemale> oil, how do they make baby oil?"
i have so many things to do today  here i go
im about to go to the jail to see my son 
court tomorrow morning  wish my baby luck!!!!!
court was a fuckin joke today!!!!!!!!!!!!! fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today was a horribe day for me  i guess tomorrow will be better 
can somebody make me smile? please!!??
off to work i go! god give me the strenth to smile!
woop woop! im off work  another day down!!!!!!
here i go to visit my son  paying for parking in downtown though is killing me!!!!
court tomorrow  another long day in downtown sac  ugghh!
"i went to court  that was a joke, so i went to the galleria n that was a nightmare! the hell wit today im going back to bed  sad \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"i feel a headache coming on, off to bed i go! annoyed \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
good morning <propfemale>! im gonna be happy today! smile 
i am home from work now  i made it through another day!! laugh 
"i guess im not going to denios today  im gonna cuddle wit <propfemale> <propfemale> all day! wink \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"i am lazy today(^p^)\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"im getting ready to go to work  i hope all customers r nice n tipping  hahaha, yea right!!!!! everybody tip ur cashier!!!!!!!!!! playful \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
home from work  im hungry  feed me!!(^-^)
i just got back from the jail  why r cops so mean!!!!!!! im not the criminal here annoyed 
"ugghh, give me coffee, right now!( joyful )"
does somebody got $1000 i can have? not borrowed bcause i dont plan on paying it back  laugh 
"im off work now  another day down in paradise (^_-)\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
i do not want to leave my house today  work will have to come to me  playful 
what is everyone gonna be for halloween? im gonna be a gorilla(^p^)
"omg!!!! ghost hunters marathon tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
ghost hunters marathon!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hells yes!!!!!!!!!! im sooooooo excited!!!!(^-^)
"i hope everybody had a happy halloween  im on such a sugar rush right now, anyways i gotta go mop my kitchen floor!!! zoom zoom zoom!!! love "
"work flew by today!! busy busy busy  i like those kinda days  smile *\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"court tomorrow  i hope things will finally go good for my baby boy!! annoyed \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
today is the day  my baby boy will probably get screwed again but let's see  sad 
f  m   l!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"don't mind my smile, the voices in my head are just telling dirty jokes  wink "
can somebody bring me a cup of hot coco wit whip cream or marshmallows  i would go get it myself but im too cold n tired  watching tv all day can tire a person out sad 
hi to my friends  i miss u all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! kiss 
off to work i go  it better go by fast  workin wit nikkee tonight  good shit!! smile *
"dang  off to work i go, again!!!!! sad "
"my hands r freezing!!! n i dont want to go to work but here i go anyways crying \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"home from work  tired, tired!!!! sad "
this sexy mama is going to bed!! wink 
i want to have another baby!!!! laugh 
"i dont want to work today!!!!!! i wanna sleep sad \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"just had dinner wit my friends  i missed u guys, n i had fun!!!!! luv u <propfirst>, <propfemale>, n kristen!!!!!!!!!!! kiss "
me n my baby girl made chocolate chip cookie brownies  yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"today im gonna teach u how to burn french fries, 1st put frozen fries into hot oil n make sure the stove is on high  then go check ur facebook home <propfemale> n let french fries turn black  once u see ur house full of smoke u have succeded!!! now i have to air out my house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"spending the day wit my godson, <propfirst> "
"im excited to see my brother n his family but my heart is broken knowing that my baby boy <propfirst> will not be wit me this year crying \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
i love my homie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love 
"i think everybody likes workin wit me  i hope so?! annoyed \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m144yyus"
"its monday n i have to go to work, so not cool but whatever  let me start my 6 day work week!!"
its freezing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im baking chocolate chip cookie brownie bars  my house smells soooo yummy right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this time 14 years ago i was in labor  i remember every detail just like it was yesterday  n now i have a beautiful baby girl who will be 14yrs old at 7:51 pm today  she is my life n i love her ssoooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its tooooooooooo cold  i should be excused from work today bcause of the cold n im toooo tired  i need a tall cup of energy right now
i swear that almost every tweeker in north highlands came into my work today just to irritate me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they did a great job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate ghetto ass people
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i need to sleep for 2 more hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i just had me some hot chocolate, now im gonna go spoon wit my homie dog  thats what i call a perfect evening!!!!"
i dont want to be sick on my birthday  ugh!!!!!!
3 more days til my birthday  i wonder who will be showering me wit gifts this year  hahahaha yea right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"says, \don't make me take you camping at lake slap-a-ho!\"""""
thank u everybody who remembered my birthday!!!!!!! i love u all
i had a fun birthday  it ended with us going to the iglesia de <propfirst> para cantar las mananitas a la virgin  the whole street was full of people n food stands  got home at 3am n it was well worth it
"being poor sucks because im sick n feel miserable n i have to go to work, so that i dont miss another day of pay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ("
my son has court tomorrow  i hope they do something besides continue his case!!!
"here i go to court  deal with traffic n parking just to get a glimpse of my baby boy, <propfirst>  i miss him sooooo much  say a lil prayer as i drive "
court was a joke again  i got kicked out of the court room for talking  that ugly bald cop can kiss dese nuts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we celebrated christ<propfemale>s here today wit <propfemale> mom<propfemale>  now i gotta get ready for our road trip  woop woop!!!!
i got a crock pot for christmas  now i just need some recipes or ideas on what to cook in it 
i went to see my son at the jail today  i miss him sooo much it hurts 
off to work i go  8 hr shift today  my poor fat feet r in for a workout
been sittin bitch for 2 hrs n i got another 3 hrs to go 
getting ready to go to pismo beach 
"ah its so good to be home  i loved pismo beach  <propfemale>, were going again with or without los borachitos!!"
my poor knee  im 37 but i feel like 67!!  : ( o n i get to go be on my feet for 5 hrs today 
"just got home from the er  i have a ugly leg brace, n crutches  n im still going to work tomorrow!! if that aint dedication than i dont know what is"
ouch ouch ouch  it hurts to walk n i gotta go to work
if ur gonna party on new year's <propfemale> raise ur hand n say i am!
i love geting letters from my son  i cant wait til he gets out of that hell hole!!
im off to work  freezing to death n sick but here i go anyways!
im freezing my balls off  can somebody go find the sunshine please!
snoop dogg is coming to sac on <propfirst>'s day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im soooooo there!!!!!!!
just got home from the bowling alley  my knee is so swolen i can barely walk but it was worth it 
im tired yet when i lay down i cant sleep  waz up wit that?
i am making a yummy dinner  is anyone hungry?
i do not wanna go to work today!!!!
my son has court on friday  im starting to get nervous for him  i just want him to come home already!!!! 4 months already  i miss him sooo much 
i feel cripled today  my stupid knee is acting up  this cold weather is not helping  oh well going out to eat wit my friends n then im going shopping in my girl <propfemale>'s closet   that will be fun!!!!!!!!
im sooo excited for jershey shore tonight  <propfirst> needs to go home already!!
"my baby boy called me last night  that was an almost perfect way to end my day, hearing his voice n hearing him laugh  now if only i can get him home"
is anybody out there watching american idol?
tomorrow is court day for my son  im gonna be rattling god's ear all day today!!!!
here we go again  off to court  n their probably gonna postpone his case again bcause thats what they do best!
"sure enough, court was a joke again! he goes back on feb 16!n i didn't get kicked out this time "
i woke up this morning due to the phone ringing n to my surprise it was my baby boy <propfirst>!!!!!!!! this is gonna be a good day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
here i go to work now  im not motivated to work today til 10 surprise 0 pm but oh well 
another day down  time to relax!!!
american idol night!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love watching people make asses of themselves on there  it would be better if my son was home to watch it with me  i miss u <propfirst>!!
"as i was watching american idol the phone rang, it was <propfirst>!!!!!! i gotta watch people try to sing n talk wit my baby boy  it was a good night!!"
too tired to go to work this early!!
cold cold cold  its sooooooo cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! somebody needs to bring me some hot coco!!!!!!
good night fb  hasta manana
i feel like a old person  its saturday night n im getting ready for bed  thats sad !!
just had a nice evening shoppin wit my girl <propfemale>  anchor blue here we come!!
my grandma is sick  guess im going back to washington 
hopefully working tonight will help me keep my mind off of my dr appointment tomorrow  thinking about it scares the crap out of me!!
why am i even up right now? i should be sleeping 
"fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i just paid $81 00 so the dr could make me bend my leg n tell me to take 4 advil every 6 hrs for the arthritis!! r u fuckin kidden me!!! oh n as if i didnt know, i am over weight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! really!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so mad, im going to mcdonalds to make myself feel better!!!!"
my hours got cut at work  ugh!!!!!! right when things r starting to go a lil better 
"oh no!! its the 3rd of the month, that means all tweekers n ghetto ass people r gonna be out shopping today  i dont wanna go to work today!!!  : ("
i hate hood rats!
i got to see my baby boy <propfirst> today 
i cant sleep  i should have not drank that 1 liter of pepsi wit dinner 
i got called into work so here i go 
hola fb family  im back!!
so ive come to the conclusion that if u steal from susies deals( which is already discounted) then u is a hood rat! if u try to get us to <propfirst> down a $1 00 item then its probably safe to say ur a hood rat!!
i hope today flies by  i havent had to work morning shift in a while  i wanna stay here wit <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
off to the bowling alley 
just got home  the hubby is in a drunk coma ofcourse n now im bored to death!!!
my son just called me  he has court on wednsday  i hope they let him go this time 
my hubby n my bro in law r bugging me  every time i turn on my computer they want me to put videos or cartoons from youtube on  they act like little kids 
"feliz <propfemale> de amor y amistad a todos!!! n for u english speaking people, happy valentines day!!"
my husband just called to tell me he left me money so i can go pick out a valentines gift for myself  if that aint screaming romantic then i dont know what is!!
my <propfemale> came home n surprised me wit plans to go out to dinner  everything was gonna be great n then we ended up wit a house full of uninvited guests!! fml!!
counting down the hours now until court  they better not continue his case again 
"here we go again, back to court today  i hope something good comes out of this "
i never thought that one of my kids would go to prison  the shock is so bad that i cant stop shaking
yesterday i was an emotional wreck  ive had time to think n i want to know how they can give him 2 years if the evidence still hasnt come back from forensics? he wasnt sentenced yesterday  but the da said they want to give him 2 years  does he still have a <propmale> of not going to prison? i need answers please!! sad 
i gotta stay positive or im gonna go insane
now i get to drive to work in this crappy weather  sad 
i watched paranormal activity 2 for the first time last night  it was better than part 1  wink 
"hi <propfemale>, im home "
pretty day  im goin to denios 
off to work  im having such a good day wit my <propfemale> i dont want to leave him but i gotta earn that paycheck
"i had a yummy lunch now i have to go to work  ugh!!!!! i am not answering my phone tomorrow, i dont care who calls in sick "
it is sooooo nasty outside i cant sleep  gonna make me some hot coco n watch the news  meanwhile my poor baby is workin in this crappy weather   sad  wink *
i was suposed to have the day off but now my boss is sick so i get to cover for her sad   i want to go back to bed n say hell no but i can use the extra hours
ok it is too damm cold  im going to bed!!! kiss 
im going in to another long day at work  oh well i gotta keep thinking about that check 
"<propfirst> has that pig flu, i have the bird flu n i think we both got the amthrax flu thing bcause were both really sick n miserable  sad "
i hate being sick n having to go to work  ugh!!!!!! sad 
can somebody tell me how long this stupid head cold is gonna last? sad 
where can i get a cute collar for my cat?
my 2 day weekend went by way tooo fast  back to work y me voy ir sin ganas!!
work today kicked my ass! 14 boxes of shipment!! im getting too old for this!!
its too early  screw this im going back to bed playful *
my neighborhood is turning ghetto  we had the cops out here n fox 40 news  a very eventful evening!!
is there any <propmale> people out there that would like to adopt me? that way i wont have to go to work anymore 
i get to take my dog to the vet in a lil while  this will be fun
so somebod put chile sauce on my cat's neck!!!! thats real mature to hurt a animal  now i have to give her a bath so she will stop licking herself!!!!!!!
yo iba ser costillas de puerco pero ahora no se come carne  en ves de costillas voy hacer charrales  fuchila  laugh 
my cat brought a live baby rabbit into my house  its so cute 
i thought i was gonna have a nice evening wit my <propfemale> but i guess im going to work  oh well annoyed 
well i guess tomorrow i'll find out if my prayers have been heard annoyed 
my husband could tell that i was stressed so he took me to the casino  i gave them $120 00  the end!
here we go again  off to court  sad 
they continued his court again but this time it was bcause the other 2 attorneys didnt show up  now we get to wait for another 2 weeks  fml!!!!!!!!! sad 
as much as i would love to sit on my booty all day n goof off on facebook i have to go to work  damm u bills!!!!! smile *
yucky yucky rain  yummy yummy hot chocolate  playful *
off to pick up my babies from school!! love 
so i found out that my dog is bi sexual  <propfemale>'s boy dog turned my dog out  thanks cochis!!!!!
happy st patties day everyone!!!!! dont forget to sport green or i will pinch u 
i dont know why im such an emotional wreck right now? i feel like im gonna start balling at any moment  n no im not pregnant oh well ill watch jersey shore n be a new woman 
n now i have to leave the comforts of my home to go sell mom jeans  ugh!!!
im home!!!!! now what do i do?
about to head out to the bowling alley  taking a 2 year old should be fun ? 
i want some hot chocolate right now!
off to denios laugh 
"good night  i have left the building  tomorrow i will be feeling old bcause my oldest baby is turning 20 yrs old  i wish i could wrap him in his fuzzy blanket n hold him but he probably wouldnt be ok wit that now  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, poor sport annoyed "
im about to take my baby boy out to lunch  where should we go? annoyed 
"ugh, i dont want to go to work!!! dear lord, please do not send any annoying, tweekers, hood rats, thieves or stuck up high maintanence people to my store this evening  thank u, amen sad "
;;;;;;;;ghjhnm ollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllcdo;pfppppppppppppppc that was my cat walkin on my keyboard 
im kinda dreading monday  i sure wish i had my family here with me  when all this is over im going back to washington  i miss everybody there  specially my grandma n cousin liz sad 
i just got off the phone with my baby boy  i love hearing his voice
goin to denios   i hope it dont start raining 
tomorrow is the day  it will make us or break us 
here we go again  fml!!!!!!! off to court for my inocent son!!!!
"last time his case was continued bcause the other 2 attorneys didnt show up, n today the stupid da didnt show up so he goes back to court next monday!!!"
good night fb fam 
i am sooooo tired  i actually did some work at work n i have to go back for more tomorrow 
"off to work again  ugh, i wanna go back to bed!!!!! i was just there 11 hrs ago!!"
today is my friday  if i can make it through today then i will be alright   guess ill enjoy working while i can
does anyone know whos hiring? annoyed 
i keep finding more n more of my relatives on facebook  i havent seen any of them in years  im excited yet it makes me home sick at the same time  it just gives me more motivation to go back to washington 
off to work 
i cannot sleep  n i want a snack  can somebody bring me something to eat right now? taco <propfemale> sounds good right now 
i feel allergy season coming on  ugh!!!
tomorrow is court day again!!! this has to be the last time or im gonna go insane  i guess i'll put my positive face on tomorrow n hope my prayers have been heard 
"positive, positive, positive!!!!!"
after being locked up for 6 months i am sooooooo happy to say that my baby boy is coming home today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy tears today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my 2 day weekend is over  back to work  ugh!!
i think im gonna see if my baby boy wants to go out to lunch tomorrow 
