196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f
gonna try and stay up all night at get the rough draft of this essay done   
im home! and of course the sun hasnt shone itself yet -_-  depressing   
needs somethin' to talk about   wow life is boring this week    -  _  -
there's nothing worse than having the one you love most out of reach 
open a reese’s and get ready to feel the love  lol
is happily content with life for the first time  & & & the big country bash was awesome!!!
is sik of guys gettin pissed cuz i just want to be friends with them and decided to move on w  life  get over it!
totally havin an awesome 4th! went camping in the rain! got wet   grrr   
has gone through another f$%^*ng loner phone!!!!!!!
i lost all my <propfirst> in my phone since i got a new loner! txt me plz! so i can get my <propfirst> back!
finally got some of her <propfirst> back! whoot to those who check their facebook!!
is definatly a fan of yelling at inanimate objects   and fish   and  drivers in other cars   and friends bf's when their not around to hear 
is at home  in her house    alone   with no one else home   and is bored as hell  annoyed 
got attackeddededed by a puma!!
"you know you're crazy when you get into an argument with yourself,fight, eventually lose, and refuse to speak to yourself for the rest of the night  -story of my life"
whent to ohana's for the 1st time and it was e playful encive but amazing!
soooooooooooooooooo ready for action   
friday was awesome  smile  hope it comes again
i fainted at work and they made me stay late anyway    annoyed  stupid ppl!
i am so bored right now  school registration sucked!!! i hate high school     - _ -
   
one minuet you have friends the next they act like you don't  exist  so whats the point
"had an awesome barnstormers night, even though we lost!!"
made it through the state fair and almost 2 months w o fighting each other once! its amazing since we got no sleep and had long hrs!
i        am idk at the moment   i'll ply b failing out of a few classes this year  so much for an easy senior yr!!!
lalalalalala   don't you love killin time on facebook doin worthless crap?? lol
i have to wait for the whole f-ing day to b over in order to talk to anybody these days! sheeshhh   !! lol
is so behind in her classes that she decided to get on facebook and join the other procrastinators  laugh  whoot!
i hate my job!!!! i*&%#&#&*#*$(^%^&%!!!!!!!!
i am     broke  sad  but im goin to the buckcherry concert free so its a good
just spent all day cleaning her room and somehow everything ended  up on her bed - _ -
whoot! i made <propfemale> for church tonight i ended up eating 1 piece  the natzis took 'em all lol
o o no sleep! and ap bio officially begins     
tired   soooo tiired     soooo   soooo   so tir-zzzzzzzzz   
"conscious #1 : \you need to study for yor tests!!! now!\"" conscious #2 : \""5 more minuets! 5 more minuets plz!!!\"""""
     
rain at night= good nights sleep  rain at school=   really wet shoes - _ -
decided not to go to homecoming 
i lied im going to homecoming but it'll ply b boring  sad 
senior pictures are here! whoot whoot!!! i luv photoshop!!
is    is    is    idk what i am today  _ -- _  there   today i'm upsidedown  smile 
seems like the worlds always lonley now
nothing to do until wednesday!!!!! its eod lol
llama llama llama duck! llama lllama llama duck! llama llama lama llama llamallama llama llama duck duck duck!!! (i forgot the words to the lama song  sad )
this was my last halloween in iowa  sad 
college + arguments = one big bowl of ice cream c>
feels like some1 jsut shot her 
"*sigh* i tired from sleepless night \  annoyed  grrrrrrrrrrrrr   """
feels like shes being put on the back burner and no1 even cares   
just got her acceptance too    hawaii!!!! whoot!
skillet tonight!!! whoot!
just pulled a 12 hr day for almost minimum wage   but i have a job   ya   and a headache *sigh*
i'm poor  sad 
it's raining - _ -
had a pretty decent friday  smile 
i need help staying up all night   
senior pix are here!!!!    certisy of <propfirst> butler (future <propmale> photographer)
i like watching raindrops race across my window and silently cheer for them 
not doin anythin right and not sure of anything at all   confusing   
feels completly useless and thinks it does no good to be on facebook cuz no1 is gonna notice anyway 
i really need help not going insane 
has had the worst christmas ever   isn't worth anything 
wants everything to fix itself  but it wont  it can't 
everything is almost back to normal  life was pretty good till the act crashed my day  sob's
whoot! essay complete after <propmale> complications and adn attacking kitten  its a good feeling   
"\my knight and shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum \"""""
"\it starts with an 'i' and it ends with a 'u' and its all i think about when i see you\"""""
"\love is stronger than any addiction  hell it is one \"" --madea"""
"i'm a selfish, controling b*@#h go me"
i'm tryin to figure stuff out and b honest and now ever1 is mad at me   crying 
it's amazing how someone else could be dying and i can't find the strength to care   senior year offiially sucks
isaw the coolest thing ever on the way to church tonight  a cop pulled over a school bus! rotflmao!!! it was great
almost time to get ready for my pointless shift at my pointless job for money i have to have   
i'm a sick-ling  crying  can't eat w o gettin sick & it's pissin me off
really don't want monday to come   
life=a bunch of b s= stupid ppl   
"\ i'll close my etes and then i wont see the love u don't feel when your holding me  morning will come and i'll do whats right just give me till then to give up this fight  and i will give up this fight  cuz i can't make you love me if you don't  and you can't make your heart feel something it wont \"" --<propfemale> raitt"""
is realizing how far away hawaii is  sad  needs to chill with ppl she hasn't seen in awhile  for the past 6-7 months i think ive only <propmale> out with about 2 ppl     
this is the worst night  i got stood up 2x  not once  twice 
i need a better life  mine is boring   
i need to do somethin w  somebody cuz i'm bored and no1 is txting me    how you sleep till noon i'll never know 
i am goin insane and no1 can save me   
i keep lookin at the math review on my bed but im too afraid to look at it  i just kinda hope it magicaly comes to me tomorrow! lmao! ya right mother nature's not that nice  annoyed 
i'm not sure if i'm excited about tonight or dreding it  i'm not sure how i feel about movin on this soon  but i suppose it'll be for the best  give me some1 to talk to for awhile  i need a stress releaver    
i hate the empty feeling your chest when you miss someone you cant be old and wise without being young a stupid its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring ?
"if were friends i hope it stays that way  if your cool w  me then i'm cool w  u  if you got somethin to say to me, say it  and if your just here to try and hurt me, don't let the door hit ya' on the way out "
i'm sry for all the hurt i've caused for words missunderstood  i'll stop using facebook as a vent lol npi  love 
we could save the world if only the problems that got fixed stayed that way 
"\never say goodbye! cuz goodbye means  going away and going away means forgetting \"" -<propfirst> pan"""
"\sometimes the heart does thing reason itself cannot understand\"" - <propfemale> diaries"""
looks like i was right  and i'll ply never hear from him again  *gun to head* fml
"i love how you can be havin the greatest day and seein one person, txt, or not hearin anything can ruin the entire day   *sigh* no wonder no1 likes me that's pathetic   "
loves it when she's almost finally done with alll your homework for once!    and then remembers that she forgot to do something - __ -
whoot whoot! goin to see avatar!!   again   
"i know, but don't trust  i see but can't have  they want, but i can't let them  and if i succeed, i fail   "
life is to short to clip your wings and stay behind
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this to your status and copy what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment
y can't it be like it used to be? i don't wanna go out with him i just wanna be friends  be just as close as we were  but he doesn't believe me  i'm over it  but i want my best friend back    
the superbowls stage was 20x better than the performers
it'a ironic how opposite the world is  the closer you get to some1 the futher away they get and the more u move on the more they want you  *confusionextreme*  (p s this is not about any1 specific  )
i'm floatin' right now and hopin i wont have to come down any time soon
"pickin up the pieces of my broken heart one little shred at a time, hopin itll still work when you put it back together  but all the time i wonder   "
"\boy's should not be alowed to grow baby-making devices until they are mature enough to raise their own kids\""  lmao  love  luv it"""
so i can't get my tattoo tomorrow  real let down  but     i'm hangin out with a friend and couldn't be happier about it  love  so i guess it's all goood
it's gonna be a great night and totally worth it but i'm sooper confused on whats goin on w  me  i don't even know what i want anymore *deep sigh* florida needs to b sooner   
"it's been an awesome, tiring, not long enough kind of weekend  smile ) now off to work"
"my heart has this hole in it that i can't sew together alone, and i can't give anyone enough of it to let them help   <*confusion extreme*>"
2nd rate to everything
i need help  this b-day sucked ass  my family cannot be reunited  it can't be fixed  and all of my best friends are no longer alowed at my house  i lost my phone and i can't stay here another minuet
oh its not my fault huh? then y wont y listen to me  talk like im not there  keep fighting when im begging you to stop! keep goin cuz u think its your respect thats deserved  fuck that! fuck life  im done
been a bad week and i need to tell my best friend something i shouldof said a long time ago but guess what?! during my bad week i lost my phone!!! and he's too busy to talk all night  sad 
really wishes that 17 days of almost bliss would get here already
"y do i have this feeling that things will always be complicated and that \love kills slowly\"" was more than just christian audigier's catch phrase   """
"no matter how much anyone else wants him, i have most him "
"still workin on the honesty thing  hope it goes back to what it was when \i lov you\"" wasnt so hard to come by  and my stomache is actin up again  sad """
"it's almost 3 in the morn and i got on facebook cuz i couldnt sleep, saw some1's post and thought of you  made me sad till i figured out that was my problem  maybe i think of you too much    "
"no matter how hard i try to be \ok\"" with it    i'll never trust it enough to be ok"""
"\sometimes you pray that god will give you some1 to help share your pain  then you fall inlove and you pray that they never feel that pain\"""""
"goin bowling tonight w  ppl, yay   "
idk y ppl think im stupid  i know how it is i know what the talk means and i know that deep down ppl know im right but do they fix it? no they shrug it off and act like it didnt happen cuz they too afraid to c the truth 
if i posted that i was gonna die tomorrow would u care? if i said i cried myself to sleep everynight would u show up to hold me while i cried? if i said i was sick of it would you make me well again? would u be what u used to b or better?
so not lookin forward to sleeping alone tongiht  sad  *must keep eyes open*
u ever look at an old pic of u and somebody and wonder what happened? how everything turned upside down? how everything got sooooooo much harder? ever wonder what made u keep trying and never give up? what made your heart never let go?
you know sometimes i get this feeling that you never think of me   *sigh* as will ply always be   
"life's not worth this pain and suffering  it's not worth the missunderstanding, the burns, or the liars  it's not worth the opinions, or remembering the past  if memorys could be erased like they were never there and life could start over new, i'd take the drug shot bullet that made it so "
my eyes see that he has more fun with his friends than he does w  me  he can't even remember me w  them  i am a parasite  just lingering until your sick of me 
y do i care so much about looks? i used to not give a shit  now   i don't feel good in anything  the camera hasn't seen me in months   and the last one that did broke (literaly) 
can't wait to see his face again  love  glade easter is here  <propfemale> galore!!
i had an awesome night day  smile  <propmale> out and got hw done *sigh* time for sleep zzzzzzzzzz    
"\there are plenty of fish in the sea   so   can you please stop hitting on my fish\"""""
gonna get my tattoo tonight!! whoot whoot! wish me luck!
hes late and im nervous as hell now lol x x  playful 
now that shes finally gone i have him all to myself  smile  finally    
just lost one of her best friends to a mental breakdown  prayer is much needed 
goin to work    fun
it's finally not so complicated & on day 7   it's ironic lol
i know u act like you dont care but i know inside you do  im sry for the hurt i've caused but just know i'm not out to get you  i've been through the hurt and i've been through the pain of watchin love slip away  so i know what it's like to give him away but i'm not ruining it w  me 
goin to prom and evidently i look asian -__- *shakes head slowly*
"\if you tickle my feet i am not responsible for what happens to your face\"""""
no matter how many times i get told our problems arent just my fault i always try and come up with a way for me to make it better    
end of the year and i finally passed an in class essay!!!!  -lol-
what is a group of boobies (the bird perv's) called? a trap! lmfao
"so i tried to find my \lover of the day\"" and i got \""error there is a problem finding your lover\"" -__- you finally get him and then he gone fml  lol"""
"''when u loved, u loved him, and when you had nothing else to give, u still gave him love'' -1984"
have u ever done something for someone and then wondered y? i mean u know they wouldnt do the same for u but u do it anyway? -lol-
ever get so paranoid that everytime u feel like u've done somethin wrong your just sure the person you love most will leave? or the days that you've literally done everything wrong and ur just waiting for someone to make it feel better even though you know they wont can't?
made an ass of myself unintentionally once again  = annoyed \\\ shoot me 
    
im tryin to figure out how to keep him closer and its just pushing him away more  i cant win by being who i am  and i cant figure out how to change    
teachers should be sworn into service and taught not to lie 
parents need to stop using their friends to spy on their kids and assuming crap they don't know (just cuz were teenagers doesn't mean all of us are sex crazy)  there's a reason we aren't friends on facebook and your not improving your chances and no i dnt really care if i am goin off to college  and do i care i posted this on fb for all to see?   nope that was the point
"''as they sinned so are they punished  they took no sides, therefore they are given no place '' --<propmale>"
"today was horrible  i may have to quit my job, i dont get to see my b f on his b-day, and it feels like i care more about my friends then they care bout me  i'd drop almost anything to be with them but would they do the same? no   "
im sick of trying to talk about problems  it always ends up being my fault 
"does anybody know anywhere that\s hiring!!!!!"""
if it wasn't for the man i love i would've gone completly insane
mrs z!!!! where are u!!!! i am not doin my speech with this creep!!!!
"one manager says \oh i'll see if we can get u transfered to do your traning\"" the other one says \""oh she told the promotion gal that you werent available at bon ton anymore  sorry'  -__- so ya i turned in my 2 weeks """
why does it feel like everything went wrong? why can't i feel like they do?
i can't help but think that it's not gonna last forever  everytime i see them together it hurts worse n worse    
the more a thing is perfect the more it feels of pleasure and of pain = annoyed \\\
i need a hug  sad  today was a long day    and i can't afford avatar
"hope the weekend goes as planned (though it never does), hopethe stress ebbs off so ppl will believe me when i say i'm happy, and hope the teachers don't plan anything too important for monday   "
got 3 hrs of sleep and i feel great  prom night was amazing  and i won an ipod dock that i can't use yet lol gonna be a great day 
i'll never believe the problems are over but i'll always believe they'll be worth fighting through 
the hypmotist at after prom was so awesome that i hit my head on the back of the chair in front of me cuz i was laughing so hard
just figured out that her scholorship is per year and is suddenly very happy to go to <propfirst> college  smile   = annoyed \\\
is sick
''what do u call 2000 lawywer at the bottom of the sea? a good start! '' -loaded weapon
damn family drama causin problems need to stop!
after sunday monday tuesday even the calendars like wtf  lmao!  = annoyed \\\
i hate senior year!!!!!!!!
is it possible to study for an ap test in 1 night? nope! thanx stroop for not telling me sooner about the 100 point test
''its hard to learn your lesson when uve become the whole worlds whore''
i always ruin it  you can't dig much deeper than this 
test is over and looks like so are a lot of other things    
how is it possible for one person to ruin everything all at once? life's greatest mystery   
off to work  gonna be a lonely day  very boring   
got a really bad feeling in the pit of her stomache   sick? or coincidence?   maybe i'm going mental    that'd be fun l o l
while every1 else is bashing obama i'm glade to be going to college and that my family has a place to live because of him  so he hasn't done everything wrong
i miss him   too many problems n no way to deal   
a pessimist is never dsappointed 
when your there for every1 else whos left to be there for you? everything's falling apart and i'm sick of being second best to every1 
sometimes you forgive someone just because you still want them in your life 
i'll never change my views  so it'll never change   the broken pieces will always be broken pieces  i can just keep dealing as i go 
goin to <propfirst> swift with lil sis and niki   gonna be    great  hopefully buy oh well  i got a  new phone!  so i guess its not another totally horrible day lol 
i hate having 2 completly opposite feelings for the same subject    *sigh* oh well
"\i'll always be here waiting for you\"""""
im thinkin its gonna be a great night  smile  smthn bout lookin nice  smile  and i think im gonna like it lol
"soooo tired   must clean room   must smile at all times or ppl think your \mad\"" even though your not   must   must   """
movie night was deffinatly fun  smile  i love how to train my dragon! best movie ever
i feel like crawling back under a rock   
if we agree to disagree aren't we just going around in circles??
havin another spell   wonderful   maybe thta's what wass wrong w  me today   
*sigh* i have a headache    gonna be a grreat day! i need a job -__-
anybody know of any really high cliffs??
\i'll give you everything i can \,196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,woke up this morning and put my left foot right socks on backwards lol
i need to end it  i'll just be steppin into somethin i can't handle n makin every1 elses life worse 
the rain translates exactly how i feel 
jealousy killed the gods
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
"guys are  dicks, girls are bitches, everyone sucks, get over it "
why am i always last on every1s mind?
"\this time maybe i'll be bulletproof   but baby your time is running out\"" - la ru (or something like that)"""
i found a picture in my bible last night  it reminded me of the good times and made me wanna work a little harder to get through the bad 
suddenly lazerfeast doesnt seem like such a great idea
lazerfeast was definitly more fun last yr  this yr sux  might as well leave  dnt wanna b an even bigger bun though
lazerfeast was awesome! after i got done being sick lol
"\redundant tautology\""  look it up"""
"\if you tickle my feet i am not responsible for what happens to your face\"" *cough* <propfemale> *cough cough* lol"""
if its not 100% set in stone maybe its best tto leave some things unsaid 
extremely craving grannys ice cream! must have ice cream o o lol
i don't care if they think i'm too good for you or if they think you're too good for me  i'm with you i'm gonna stay with you  they can get over it or leave 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrr       blah blah blah
really don't feel like waking up tomorrow  but i finally finished my book!
i hate finding shit out the hard way and realizing that nothing ever really changed 
"\dn't let some1 who isn't even in your life control your happiness\"""""
pain and sickness   great night
i am   nothing i should be 
i used to be different  idk what happened but it's gonna ruin my life 
   
contrary to popular belief it cannot be purchased on ebay
good thing m b has a lot to do today  i've been here since 3        -__-
good thing m b has a lot to do today  i've been here since 10        -__-
"\givin' me the finger is like givin' the spider the web  i'm just gonna spin n use it to my advantage\"" -eminem"""
gotta go to work whooo    need to learn how to pretend better  feels like theres a brick in my lungs n it's ply gonna get worse  annoyed  oh well welcome to life right?
i knew it'd happen  i dnt even know why i tried  i'm just bad luck  summers gonna suck
i feel like im gonna die
summer 2010 you will suck and i hate u 
why do we always remember more of the bad than the good? maybe because there arent as many to remember 
one of the hardest lessons in life to learn is how to mix oil and water
i hate it when  i think so much i cant even loose myself in a book to make myself feel better 
i hate waiting like am idiot for stuff i know isn't gonna happen to happen 
i hate waiting for something i know isn't gonna come and remembering that i knew this would happen a long time b4 the problems even started   
"i love it when your \friends\"" that know you soooooooooo well leave you hangin when you need them most and don't even notice or don't care   """
"\be loved but never love  attatch but never combine  trip but never fall  to be broken is better than shattered  tell him of your strength but never your past  be trustworthy but never trust  be cracked but never open \"""""
whats the one thing a poor chick shouldn't do? ebay??
what is the point of a mini fridge that only holds a 6-pack?? wtf! my cooler can hold more!!
\looking at all or nothing \,196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,i hate it when some1 complains that you never start the conversation and then you try and you don't even get a responce   great start! congradulations on acting like a great friend by ignoring me when i needed you most
i've got a <propmale> headache and not feelin good and it's class night x x i dont wanna go!!!
"\how can u say you love some1 and then take everything back and act like i don't exist? i don't understand  i guess you didn't love me after all \"" i don't feel good  got a lot to do tomorrow """
"\men are like trees  some are content to grow streight and true  and some in twists and turns  following their own path \"""""
live free or die trying
wishes don't come true  its what u work for that gets you where your going 
nothing in life thats worth having is easy
if you love me say it! if you don't love me don't say it!
why does whinny the poo  have a belly shirt and no pants? no wonder our generation turned out the way we did! lmao!!
"\torn: which one would you choose? the one that you loved or the one that loved you?\""-ayla"""
so i have a delema  i have 160 g's to fill on my ipod and i have 300 songs so far   any suggestions? i haven't done my c d's yet
"you can only shatter a girl into so many pieces b4 she disappears   so if you wanna be a little boy, accept the concequences cuz i'm done "
love doesn't have a happy ending  love doesn't have an ending  if your love ended then you've never really loved 
dear knock off pain killer: you suck ass  you have failed me in my hour of need for the millionth time  i hate you  i hope you enjoy your e playful encive piece of crap bottle 
"\he broke her heart  she broke his xbox  who cried harder?\"""""
"what the hell is the point of saying \ya we should <propfemale>\"" if you dn't wanna <propfemale> w  me? do you honestly think it's gonna make me feel better? glade your summers goin great  thanx for ruining mine   """
[fml]
[ heart-broken ]
[ heart-broken ] how many ways can ones heart be mangled and still be e playful ected to keep beating   
had a great time with friends  wish there weren't so many walls between us   but not every1 can be happy all the time can they? oh well maybe if one person is miserable ten more can be happy 
i got my license & my car! muahahha! who wants to party?!?
i need something fun to do!!!! b4 i go insane!!! x x grrrrr   
" annoyed ,  heart-broken , = annoyed  , -->-->,x:"
"\you can go threw so many bad relationships before you  realize theres no such thing as a good one \""-the ugly truth"""
dear ipod: please start working like your e playful ected to  you are way o e playful encive to quite on me now! i've had enough disappointments lately and i don't need your shit too!
uggg   pain   uhhh   
hangin alllllll day today and tonight  feels good to be back!
has wednesday off  hmmm what should i do???
"never thought that i'd say wish i didn't love you ever\since the first date when you got close my heart\would just stop thought me and you together would end\up on top, you changed me for better for worse i know\i was caught up alway's put you first i never once thought\you would be triflin but o i was blinded   "
"\love is like a fire  if you leave it unfed for too long it'll just burn out w  nothin but ashes and memories left behind \"""""
i have a feeling i really shouldn't b here  another stupid day w  thoughts that should have been erased by now 
i always try for the impossible 
never give love everything you have  cuz when it's gone you have nothing left to feel 
why did i let myself do this? i'll never forgive myself for this   
i won't stop you from falling but i'll help you to stand  i'll lead you into the dark and i'll guide you with my hand  i wont ask you to do anything just to do what you can  i won't always be a lover but i'll always be a friend  i wont break your heart i'll help it to mend  i'll never stay mad at you because i'll always forgive  i'll always be there by you as long as you live 
might not b goin to college this fall   everything just went downhill
i keep tryin to talk to u cuz i need to talk to some1 i trust  but i keep forgeting u dont give a shit anymore 
blah blah blah    lol
i saw a scooter cop today and fought the urge to speed up just to see how fast he could go lmao!!!!!!!!!!!
i won't stop you from falling but i'll help you to stand  i'll lead you into the dark and i'll guide you with my hand  i wont ask you to do anything just to do what you can  i won't always be a lover but i'll always be a friend  i wont break your heart i'll help it to mend  i'll never stay mad at you because i'll alway   s forgive  i'll always be there by you as long as you live  (or as long as u want me around)
still no college   *sigh*
i love eatin good food and talkin to old friends  the simple things always make life worth it 
"\more than a memory\"""""
"\more than a memory\"" -- <propmale> <propmale>"""
"\god knows ive tried  call me a sinner call me a saint tell me its over ill love you the same  call me your favorite call me the worst  tell me its over i dnt want you to hurt  its all that i can say so ill b on my way \"" -shinedown"""
so evidently my car hates men
i'm sick to the point where the world is numb and nothing matters  uggg really tired and dizzy  don't wanna go to work   
don't wanna leave the empty house  i don't have to fake life when i'm here 
theres somethings i know i need to do  but i can't find my way  i'm lost and confused and i'm slowly dying    
"\don't fall inlove  fall off a bridge  it ply hurts less \"" -lmao!"""
"i hate dreaming    \)parasite("
i'm afraid that since you've changed so much that you wont want what u used to   
my stomache feels lik its gonna e playful lode  crying ( not in a full of food kinda way
tornadoes at adventurland  pray i dnt die  unless u want me then w e f u  lol
\tell them all i know now\,196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,i found a poem i wrote years ago  never knew it ws there  but its funny how it answered every question i've had these past few months 
i get to work early today  yay me   
screw you shelving that didn't come with instructions!
be carefull who u fall inlove w  cuz some1 somewhere wont approve 
my room is complete  i now have a hedgehog named <propfemale> and a betta named moose  smile 
"\don't know why people think that i've got everything  baby na uhh  wherever i go i'm searchin for the soul  the one who holds the key to my heart  so irresponsible to search high n low for the one who holds the key to my heart \"""""
hopeless   
2 ppl cnt b together if they cnt decide how they feel  it just causes more pain than happiness
y say u care? act like it  let me finish what i'm sayin b4 u assume u know what i mean 
forgot how amazing pizza tasted after a long night lol
love doesn't exist
i don't wanna be here   
goin to see <propfirst> <propmale> at val-air  any1 else goin??
<propfirst> <propmale> at val-air  any1 else goin?
nothin to do till 5 
shooting pool w  a friend  ignoring the pain n gonna have a great time b4 work tomorrow  hopefully lol
"\thats what u do man  uve got a problem u hold it in fruitcake!\"" -fezz"""
isu or dmacc?? hmmm decisions decisions   
*sigh* dn't worry about me  ill deal with my problems my own way  n theres nothin u can do about it 
i keep turning thiis same phrase over n over around in my head  it e playful lains a lot
"\paraniod lonliness\"""""
"i found my lost key chain!!! \my knight n shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum\"""""
i am cutting and dying my hair
is goin' to isu officially  hopefully i can <propfemale> with some friends n relax tonight  gotta move in a week   annoyed 
sick of waitin around for crap that aint gonna change  it's not all my fault  if it was it woulda been fixed a long time ago  i'm startin my life over  even if it kills me   
"i'm \fine\"" but i can't eat anything but crackers w o feelin sick  great night  feels like some1 chucked a brick at my stomach """
"deal with life as it comes, suck it up, ignore the pain, walk w  your head held high  to all the high school bullshit drama this is goodbye  forget what happened in the past, dn't make it who you are today "
i should dye my hair blonde  get some green contacts and c what ppl say lol
adventurland! w o friends cuz no1 wanted to go w  me  sad  oh well lol
my room is a horrible mess from trying to get everything organized  hmmm makes total sence   
some of my best friends are leaving and they don't even care enough to say goodbye
is leaving and has 3 days to pack 
talked to an old friend all night last night  suprising how after all theses years of not seeing each other and old friends can still make you feel 95% better about everything  smile 
"\you can only shatter a heart so many times before it's impossible to put the pieces together again \"" so leave before they get the <propmale>"""
skillet is amazing  laugh !!
finishin my packing tonight  so ready to be outta here! but i'm not far enough -__- hopefully life will get a lil easier to handle now that the worst or the pain is over
i love bein able to talk to someone who loves talkin to me  smile 
its the beginning of the end and the end of the beginning 
i feel like a loner  all the freshmen travel in packs!
im so dumb! i cant even get home
"\half of my heart has a real good imagination and half of its got u  half of my heart wont do \"""""
takin lil sis to okaboji  smile  last free weekend
so confusing    *sigh*
this whole not eating all day thing isn't gonna work out so well  annoyed  lol
i love it when ppl txt me just to see how i'm doin  just cuz they want to talk to me   smile  you know who you are
im soooooo happy! one of my friends i haven't seen in way way way too long might come see me tomorrow! whoot whoot! *does a dance* lol
best night i've had in a loooong time  can't wait to do it again  smile 
arguing w  my best friend is not the depressing weekend i wanted 
my best friends on life support  please pray for the family and my friend 
my heart aches  im missing 3 different people right now  and all for very different reasons
"\i don't hate you  you just turned into everything you'd said you'd never be \"""""
gonna be a long long day    full of up's and down  hopefully plenty to keep my mind off things  though i doubt i'll keep my mind off you while your so sick   
"\the trouble with normal is it always gets worse\"" - <propmale> cockburn """
"\ love is a promise made everyday only to be broken tomorrow  \"" - <propfirst> konner"""
i hate the feeling like nothing can make me happy  especially today 
omg for the first time this year <propfemale> mcclain is not logged onto facebook! lmao!!! i'm bored -__-
goin' to the prairie for bio  wooo    ya  feelin a little better  txt me i'll be bored all day 
eating all alone  sad  but not friday night!
"everyone has their ups n downs, their rights and wrongs, their highs n lows but how much can you handle?"
i hate life 
must do homework o o
"the navajos names hitler \caterpiller on his lip\"" lmao!!"""
y does thinkin make ppl so unhappy?
i hate feeling like it doesn't really matter anymore 
i love my big bro! u know who u r smile   n i'ma miss my friends but it's for the best i'm sure  gonna be a great night! great weekend hopefully 
"\ every tear has its reason and every smile has its own season \"""""
to every1 at isu do not take the <propfemale> elevators! they will trap u inside!
last night was an awesome night full of confusion and annoying little ststers  smile  and a phone call made my night  smile 
i hate it when people do stuff just to use me  n then guilt trip me when i say no 
i finally got my biscuits and gravy! i am a happy happy woman 
i have no phone everyone! no more texting  you'll have to fine some other way to get ahold of me  (f bor skype) till i can fix it  annoyed 
skillets touring w  papa roach! in freaking idaho!!!
hey i have a loner but i have no numbes!
text me ppl! if you ever wana talk to me  if not it's ok i'll take a hint!
"heartache, wonderfull suprises, and papers to write   awesome night!"
two tests a quiz and i midterm essay  grrr
vampires in the great hall!! and everyone lining up to feed them lol
i don't know why i can't get over this hurt  maybe i never will  but at least i can't make that mistake again   
rip moose :^(
"\my bars are full of broken bottles by nightstands are full of open bibles\""; \""no love lost no love found  what you say just don't hurt me anymore\"""""
when it rains it pours   sad 
"'entwined, all that we are is defined by each others shipwrecked hearts and i shiver to think what would have been if i wouldn't have seen you in time, would we pass by?\ --<propfirst> reeves"""
i have sooo much to get done by 5! whellll     f u biology! you are so gettin' skipped today!!
i hate waiting for things to go my way   i need to just forget about it n go w  the flow   who cares who claims me 
whatever   
grrr cat! i got no sleep cuz of u!
pretty sure i screwed it all up  but oh well things never last when u want them  to  gonna try n get some sleep tonight  sleeping pills are by the bed lmao
it's 11:11 my time  make a wish   
i hate being bored to death when every1 else is busy 
i'm thinkin' i should start workin' out  do yoga or somethin' to not feel so damn lazy!
whoot!!! i'm passin bio lab!!!! (now will i pass the rest) *dun dun dun*
oh sweet sweet addictions that college forces upon u
i need a good job   i need to get my mind off stuff and do something constructive 
don't bother talking to me if your not gonna like what i've got to say 
"the girl who seemed unbreakable broke, the girl who always laughed cried, the girl who never stop trying finally gave up  she dropped a fake smile as a tear ran down her cheek and she whispered to herself \i can't do this anymore\"""""
omg white hot chocolate is amazing
if it seems too good to be true   chances are it's ply not true 
and there goes my appitite for salads for the rest of the year x x
hopefully tomorrow goes as planned!!!! really need to have some fun!
grrr tonight was too short   hopefully next week will be better  smile 
still no midterm omg!
fml i quit
gotta go through me to mess with my sister  good luck
after so long and so much theres a time when letting go is all you can do to make yourself happy
"dear tomorrow,\ please be here and then be gone \thanks  smile \<propfirst>"
\go ahead and call it love\,196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,game day!! whoot whoot!!
"\if you wanna hear god laugh tell him your plans\"""""
"mom: \don't do drugs on halloween!\"" me: \""was i allowed to another day??\""   oh the family life   """
*note to self: university id's dnt qualify for everything on campus
why is it only thursday? it needs to be friday
if i see a shooting <propfemale> what should i wish for?
the stars are beautiful this far from the city
"the world isn't fair  my world is completly hopeless, and there are never enough shooting stars "
grrr i wanna go hiking  the city is boring 
maybe eating wasnt such a good idea haha gonna b a long night now  wish i had company
dear kanye! your mouth is too big for your own good
does not get the day off for vetrans day
gonna be a long lonly day    time for chores!
"rain rain go away, coma again some other freakin' weekend!!"
awesome awesome weekend! drama thoughout but at least i got away for a little bit  smile 
"\women may fall when there's no strength in men \"" -shakspere"""
grrr my schedule doesn't wanna fit my schedule ^ < problem? i think so   
"dear powerpoint,\stop deleting my shit!\thanx"
i swear boys pms more that women sometimes > sad 
"\you made a rebel out of a careless mans careful daugter\"""""
i love my g-gma to death but she doesnt understand how hard it is to accept help no matter how much i need it 
why is everything more pain then gain?
grrr sickness  go away! i got stuff to fix tomorrow
"\just because he doesnt answer doesnt mean he dont care  some of gods greatest gifts are unanswered prayers\"""""
so so so ready to be done w  this class! been fun but i gotta go! lol
broken glass all over <propfemale>  hmmm   
just got turned down for another job  broke n loanly is deffinitly no fun 
is it thursday yet?
i hate not having a job around the holidays   
"dear biology 211,\i hate you even more now because i can't sell your book yet \ love,\me"
\tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself  and that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams," because every second of the search is a second's encounter with god and with eternity \"" \"196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,possibly a very happy thursday  smile 
how many times are people gonna try and kill me??
*sigh*
yay for failing english    which final is next?
its always too good to be true
hacking away at my final project deffinitly counts as anger managment *evil laugh*
"\a line is a <propfemale> that went for a walk\"" lol its a real quote"""
i love being stranded on the interstate  damn tires!!
i have no phone for awhile now  great day so far     so if you wanna talk i'll b online around 630 or 7 
why do i have to riun everything? why not some1 else for once  i'm sick of screwing everything up
rip memow  you will be greatly missed by all who loved you 
another long day ahead   
"it felt odd to go to a \goodbye iowans\"" breakfest  at ihop without memow there  life w o her is gonna take a lot of getting used to"""
§digame`§
a house caught on fire this week  i feel sorry for them but they blamed it on the christmas tree  *note to self: dont forget the candles on the tree*
missin my man  cant wait for christmas new years with him!
i just lost battleship to a 9 yr old cuz i couldnt count to 5  i feel awesome
can't wait till friday!!!!
make a wish!
its friday! lovin' it 
i think im getting more and more of an idiot as i go up in school  isn't it supposed to go the other way?
im just bad luck   grrr
cant wait to see him!! back up in ames already  annoyed 
insomnia sux  annoyed 
age is just a number
every1! its 11111! make a freakin wish!!!
has it reallly only been 2 days??
people who don't tell me what they want has made my top 10 annoyance list
wish i didnt always say stupid crap  knew when to keep my mouth shut
you know its bad when the guy at the drink bar knows you exact order  laugh 
"shortest lab in existance  breakfest? i think so!\§digame`§"
i have come to the scientific conclusion that all doctors are hypochondriacs   
*note to self- when feeling light-headed  dont take the elevator
4 hours later most of chem is done   *note to self- never get behind
7 smile 0 never tasted so gooood
\3 frustration is better than laughter, \196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,hopefully tomorrow will b   better
whoever says the more you try the better you pass has obviously not been in my shoes 
thankful for my man  smile )
its been a long time since ive failed anything this bad and tried this hard 
uggg           
another terrible assignment    i just can't focus
failed 2 out of 3  wonder whats gonna go down tomorrow   
lameness   
im terrified cuz the chem test wasnt as bad as i imagined    hmmm we'll see
"\he loves you more than you  love yourself\""    amen"""
i have to take a math test without studying    not gonna go well for me
is it pronounced oppossums?? or oppossi?
grrr week  go away 
i need the sun   no more florida to look forward to this year    maybe i'll transfer back to hawaii    
lets hope today makes up for yesterday 
i need hw time n decision making time   still got  a lot to think bout
weekends should be longer    nights like last night should be shorter   
i have the best b f on the planet  smile   love 
"<propfemale> \look <propmale> it's the worlds smallest violin and it's playing just for you\""\",196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,so bored
i have no internet yet again    hope they got my quiz  annoyed 
#1 reason to not live on campus: no internet again!
a lil worried
"warmin up soup, terrible homework, another night w  the b f  smile  good weekend"
"everybodys breaking up, giving up, and just not trying to work it out    *sigh*"
shoulda pulled an all-nighter   todays just not worth it
evidently 8 hours of studying isn't enough for one test   
3 hours later  succeeded at half a problem  out of 22  fml i quit 
b-a-n-a-n-a!!
"\keep ones eyes always on the sea\"""""
"20,000 $ later and the verdict is exacty what i said itd be  coulda saved a hella ton of money if some1 would just listen to me"
\it's not always rainbows and butterflies\,196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,i hate the nights  they are the worst
its gonna be a very lame wednesday    
great morning for finding nemo
i'm not sure how to deal with this situation    
*sigh*
\i wanna hold you baby, right or wrong  \196ad93865c47b3d6e0f85aa511de85f,<propmale> fail   
good thing i didnt go to ames today!
not feelin good  at 'fun city' all day! got my but kicked at bowling by 9 yr olds
and the 3rd world war begins  get ready
on my way to ames and home by daughtry comes on  great  smile 
i got a job!! whoot whoot!!
so i just find out today that i was so busy yesterday i wasn't awear of the local tornado    wonderful
some days just aren't worth waking up and walking through the rain for
i dont wanna mess this up   but it feels like its starting to fall apart   
nothin' like havin' someone sing  you to sleep  smile 
is it bad to accidently steal half a sandwhich??
it sucks to have no backup plan
they just don't get it  never there when you need them and always changing their minds  pisses me off how people can just not care 
ever have the feeling someone went behind your back? and then find out you were right? then what?
shoulda slept more lol oh well it was  a great night  wink 
18 30 on the test i studied 10 hours plus for and 18 30 on the test i spent 3 hours studying for    and missed lectures for   hmmmm i dn't understand!!!!
is it bad to go to bed at noon?
any1 know when classes end for isu?
