39e9cbf7ebb477b1bfed478d96f9205a
says this sucks!!
is sad 
is bored!!!!!!!!!!!! soooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored
soooooooooooooooooo bored
is bored  again 
is tired 
thinks that today sucks
loves mafia wars  laugh 
doesn't want to go to work   
is bored 
just got home from a bon fire     forgot how much i missed people
doesn't want to go to work   
doesn't want to go to work again     im so ready for the 4th!!!
is bored     wants to go to cabin      doesn't want to go to work 
is annoyed and a little depressed   
wishes i took summer classes     sooooooooooooooooooooo bored!!!
is kinda sad 
is bored   i gotta go mow the lawn   
"is multi-tasking     watching clueless, talking to pammy, and playing mafia wars!!! yay!!!"
is gunna run some errands today    with mommy and possibly cassee     smile 
is waiting for chili!!!
is having a <propmale> potter marathon with cassee!!! yay!!! on #3 prisioner of azkaban
hopes i can get labor day weekend off!!!
and i turn 21 in 20 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is meh 
is really really annoyed  and pissed off a bit too    
is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited to see <propmale> potter tonight with my mom and cassee!!!  laugh 
    wants to go buy cigs     can't think of another good option 
is bored 
is alone    as usual 
depressed    going to work    sad 
is at nicks house looking for a car for him     again
happy birthday to meeeeeeeeeeeeee!
hey y'all i turn 21 today! and we are gunna be partying at tuttles in hopkins if you wanna join the party!!  laugh 
my 21st rocked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woke up tooooo early tho
just got my outer tie-rod ends replaced yay!!!!!!!!!!!
is getting ready to go to my new job at <propfemale> secret  laugh 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
soooooooooooooooooooooooo tired!!
watching <propmale> play guitar hero metallica!!! lol
is catchin up b4 school starts monday
has a stupid car that isn't starting right     stupid car!!
just bought a new computer!! yay!!
is going to bed     night night
is suuuuuper depressed now    this sucks 
is doing homework     boooo!!!
's life sucks 
watching the new vampire diaries show and so far im very disappointed 
stupid test
is waiting for <propmale> so we can start watching our movie    well first we gotta find a movie 
is still tired after a 3 hour nap    booo
is at work and my stomach is killing me 
wants to go back to bed    stupid school 
wants a nap    almost done tho yay!
is at work    bored    wanna go home and nap    back is sore   again
dislikes mn weather right now and wishes i didn't have homework to do    boo school!!
watching the vikings game!!!! yahoooooo!!!!!!!
twins rock!!!!!!!!!!!
is at work     tired as hell!!
stupid snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stupid homework!!!
is relaxing at melodees  smile  missing my <propfirst>  sad 
is sick of being at work i just wanna go home and take a nap!
just got home from making cookies with cassee and <propfirst>
is going to moa with my <propfirst>!!! yay!!! hooters maybe?!?!
soooo addicted to all these games      grrr
making steak and salad and potatoes with <propmale>
is sitting at the hospital    mom is in sugery    glad they have wireless 
is at my last day of work!! yay!!
is bored   
going to the liquor store so i can make my cake!!!! yay cake!!
is waiting for <propmale> to get of work so we can  go to christmas party!! yay!! decided i wanna switch phones 
is going to run errands and wait until i can get cassee and <propfemale>
is going to bed!! soooooo excited for twins fest tomorrow!! yay!
hates snow and wishes my driveway didn't consist of mostly ice!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments   "
doesn't want to work tonight but i need the money 
doesn't want to go to work 
is at nicks house  waiting for him to make me egg-in-a-hole!! yay!
wants to take a nap 
at nicks house watching secret window!! yay
finally got my car working!! yay!! now tomorrow start job hunting     again 
"misses seeing all my family happy and healthy, & i miss grandma"
is tired and bored and hungry
"wants a job, doesn't want to do homework, misses <propmale>, needs friends, bored   "
got a job at <propfirst> <propmale> in ridgedale!! yay! hopefully ill get lots of hours
"president obama has proposed a 1 4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011  this is the lowest since 1973! nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation, while war is fought in 2 theatres, our men and women in uniform get a lower pay increase than welfare recipients!!! please repost if you support our troops "
wants to go tanning! feels very <propfemale> in the nice weather!
i am so sick of people  f-ing grrrrr 
"kind of sad, a little depressed, don't know who to talk to, everyone left   "
lots of new photos!! yay
today sucks
ugggg    work is stupid  work all week then missouri wed-fri and back to work sat
is in missouri with <propfemale>!! yay!
"is finally home    missouri is warmer, minnesota is cold    booo"
posted pics of haileys graduation!
is already sick of working 2 jobs and school 
is still tired 
needs more money    
got an interview tomorrow at 1!! yay!
did inventory at famous footwear tonight  boring  lol but interesting  looking forward to my interview tomorrow
is bored  should be doing homework     i dont wanna
is soooo sick of school
is doing homework   i gots the whole day off
doesn't wanna work today     its supposed to be nice out   sad 
doesn't want to go back to work!!! booooo!! stupid money
is off to work at famous footwear! yay!
went shopping!! yay!! happy times
time for work!! yay money     boo work  lol
well i get some daytime hours free and i gotta do homework and its not <propfemale> out  sad 
wants job bad    now
homework=stupid
stupid teeth so ready for the dentist dont like hydorocodone anymore
yay!! last day of school may 13 soooooo close!
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear   \ while you humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow wonderful she is  \while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishinghe could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a manstealing smiles from her    \post this on your wall if you're againstdomestic violence"
yay!! 1 test down    1 to go!!
all done with school for summer yay!!
stupid banks     broke
needs to mow the really long grass    stupid mowers
finally got to sleep in today    feels so freaking good!!!!!!
need job now! full time m-f 8-430 or 5 help!
"i hate lawn mowers     but now it is done, for at least a couple days    "
"mowing, fertilizing, shoveling, and then doing the same thing in the front yard     boooooo grass"
is at nicks house     excited for work tomorrow!!
wants my internet back at my house!!!!
totally ready for next weekend!!!!!! finally going to the cabin!!!!
is going to the cabin tomorrow!!! so excited!!!  smile 
so happy its the weekend!
soooooo bored 
is tired and crabby and im watching bed knobs and broomsticks  smile   kinda lonely tho
is a little depressed today ;-(
is irritated with this stupid f-ing printer!!!
wants a driod 2     needs life   
"tomorrow: buy school books, make printer work, and deposit checks   good night everyone"
"$506 32 in school books, and $4 28 arbys    one e playful ensive monday"
"last night=awesome! halestorm, stone sour, avenged sevenfold, disturbed!! i looooovvvvveeeee live music!   need to see slipknot"
has strep throat    1st day of school     this sucks 
"sooo bored, computers suck yada yada yada"
"??sisterweek!!? ifyou have a sister, whether biological or spiritual, who has made youlaugh, wiped your tears, prayed for you, hugged you tight, watched yousucceed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong; copy andpaste this on her wall???"
weekends are soooo much shorter when you have a full time job and fulltime school  but at the same time the week goes by quicker too     not sure if its good or bad yet    thinking good
just want to go to nicks and relax and eat food
stupid homework    still sick of homework    just want to be done!
loving life  <propfemale> happy    almost done    fishy fishy fishy    
i dunno    im a little sad right now   
today sucks!!
7 effin classes left     no time for any of them     grrrr
wants to see <propmale> potter!!
count down to the end of the semester     19 days  then a nap
last day of class= tuesday!! yay!!
yay  just finished my last final!!!!
exhausted for some reason    still making up for waking up at 630 saturday morning for inventory!
o nook how i wish i could play longer    sadly i must sleep
i love that i can facebook on my nook
i love coffee
"sweet girls come from the south, barbies come from california, but minnesota girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can drive in the snow, handle the cold, beat the heat, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook or a football and drink with the boys! we can cook a wicked good meal, and if we have an opinion    you can bet your sweet ass you're gonna hear it!!! (re-post if you came from the frozen tundra of minnesota)"
depressed yada yada yada  needs to leave home  soon!
o mondays how i hate you     <propmale> paying time  sad 
1st day not smoking= not fun  want cig now!
time to take a test     ewwww
got a tooth pulled thursday  thank god for vicodin!!
i hate snow!!!!
"\supervising\"" <propmale> playin resident evil 5     for 4 hours"""
