97052b19f1001357c6a9f93e076fdc4e
didn't exacly have a happy new year 
tries to make amends   
needs to get out of this city   need to travel the world  but for free
is on the hunt for a new job   
is burnt   
is moving the drums today!
is going to the beach tonight!
is looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking   
needs a job    preferably in the sun or in front of a comuter
cant they just say they wont hire instead of just saying we'll call and then never call   this isnt highschool 
"remembers california ave  memories of model plaines, cinnimon mini buns, bob-oscar, <propfemale> wood trips, and <propmale> city stops  playin at the big park and swimmin at the pool "
will be training for collections once again  note to self   8am- 5pm 
needs to make $400 00 a week  it can be done 
is pretty good with a bow staff 
"is on a boat and its going fast and has a nautical themed pashima afhgan  is the <propmale> of the world, on a boat like <propfirst>, if your on the shore then your sure not me, oh   "
needs a fake name   any ideas?
is actually enjoying life again 
almost died   again 
will hopefully be back on the road tuesday 
wishes his phone would turn on   oh and is on an adventure to repair his own brakes  hah  theres a lesson in faith 
"after he, breaks your heart then you'll be sad and your teardrops start then you'll know how it hurts to be alone just because you think that you're so smart going around breaking lover's hearts now you're defeated by your own weapon after he, breaks your heart then you'll be sad and your teardrops start then you'll know now it hurts to be alone"
   alls i need is two floor jacks 
wow  never get to see a girl drummer  who you playing?
"\you fire muskette but i'll run you through!\"""""
is enjoying a good ol tuna sangwich 
"took the \which storm are you?\"" quiz    im hail and fire storm"""
oh man it's gonna be a good day 
"you are: incomprehensible, inconceivable, incredible, unbelievable, unimaginable, unthinkable; extraordinary, phenomenal, rare, sensational, spectacular; singular, uncommon, unique, unusual, unwonted; conspicuous, notable, noticeable, outstanding, remarkable; impressive, striking; animating, energizing, enlightening, enlivening, exciting, galvanizing, invigorating, stimulating; alluring, attracting, attractive, begu"
actually went canoeing today  peaceful 
is going back to work!
is frustrated and dosen t understand why people don't listen 
is ready for the morning breakfast club   
"wouldn't mind the whole \no currency thing\""   solve alot of my problems"""
just watched <propfemale> wars iv on vhs   awsome memories 
needs to win the powerball   
wishes citi bank would call back already   
needs the technology for memory wipes to be invented   today 
wishes he caught the name of that beauty at sahara's tonight 
just lost his phone   and citibank is calling today! dah!
is ready for the weekend!
go vols!!!!!
tenn 7 ga 0
tenn 7 ga 7
tenn 14 ga 7
tenn 14 ga 10
tenn 21 ga 10
tenn 21 ga 12
tenn 24 ga 19
tenn 31 ga 19
tenn 38 ga 19
tenn 45 ga 19
needs to ride the bike   
thinks the vitamin string quartet is so awsome 
is ready to start the week  woohoo!
   another day   another dollar    or $ 50
has discovered hulu   
has two new favorite shows: sons of anarchy and ghost lab
is out to muddy hills!
is off to work   another day of debt mediation 
just saw paranormal activity and saw 6  paranormal activity is awsome
"note to self: when about to begin a serious relationship with someone, be sure to inquire about any lifelong demons that just might be following this chic around  its a deal breaker "
saw paranlromal activity again    why?    i dont  know 
is checking out new stuff at apple
"can't watch \click\"" anymore   """
is more nastalgic than he wishes 
is scrooged 
should have thought of that 
is just not feelin' it   
will be enjoying the band of brothers marathon tonight with his movie buddy   oh crap   forgot your fancy feast   uh   do you like turkey?
wonders how hard it is to make deviled eggs   
   ok so if anyone sees a small mushroom cloud from the southside area   it's me  my first attempt at deviled eggs   
"is gonna stick to rivers and the lakes that he's used to   domino's, extra sauce  jalipenos "
on the hunt again   construction this time 
has decided to be ambitious 
needs a bigger barn 
"is so excited about the coming release of coheed and cambria's  new album, \year of the black rainbow\"""""
has a phone interview with citi tomorrow!
has moved on to his 1st  face to face with citi  as well as possibly a traveling salesman   
has a new favorite show  howe & howe tech 
is watching ren & stimpy for the first time in 12 years  wow 
just made a dork of himself   
can't sleep 
thinks tooth pain is the worst pain   ever!
is up all night   again   
"hates the \rollercoaster effect \"""""
hasen't commented on anyone's photo today!
is watching bear grylls on conan 
was entertained by the prez   
needs to go a week in the bush   this city is annoying 
is attacking the kitchen   with paint and a brush 
is headed to boston's   
has become an e playful ert at screwing up 
has an interview with dial <propfemale> tomorrow at 1 surprise 0   fingers crossed 
"just sawr \slumdog millionaire\"" and thought it was a great picture   awsome editing """
"never got to finish \secret window\""   but i don't mind  <propfemale> one bit """
is officially a fan of the avett bros 
"is eating deviled eggs and watching \the davinci code\"" """
wished the colts won   but had a great time regardless   gonna have to remember more ice in the smoothie though   
is window shopping   the nikon d5000 is awesome   as well as this imac  wink 
"thinks \ocean's eleven\"" is pretty much one of the best bank heist movies of all time """
is officially done with probation!
"isn't sure he likes the idea of having a living, breathing alarm clock that wakes one up by clawing and licking"
is callin it a night 
"is having family dinner at lanop! yeeee haaaw!   er, i mean, uh   ole'!"
will be without a phone until 2 24   apparently the government is quick to take but slow to give 
is going to look at all the cool guitars at guitar centre   
the silence is so loud i can't sleep   
thanks to everyone for the bday wishes    
worked the p m shift  ugh 
is playing avp on xbox live!
just spent saturday night and all day sunday at the <propfirst> rutherford hotel  not what was planned
hates union meetings   why do they gots to be in the middle of the week?
cant believe they got coheed and cambria on xbox live!! the broken video is so awesome
"is watching \the pacific\""  this is as good as \""band of brothers\"""""
needs a abetter job
just got a new job   
is picking up cohee'd new album them headed to the beach   
"   we were stupid we got caught! nothing matters anymore  so what, here we are juggernaut!"
is officially going to texas  the money will be good and the time away from this city will be refreshing  has to be done 
um   scratch the texas trip  turns out it was a farse  super annoying
feels anti-social for some reason   
's phone is m i a  this is not good   not one bit 
will be at pirate's cove this weekend for memo day! be safe ery one!
is wide awake!
is now employed at industrial <propfemale> paint and fabrication  its about time the right one came along  now i can buy things   like gasoline 
hates the timing!!
cant sleep    
forgot how fun sandblasting is   almost as fun as spray painting   
ok so i found my phone   was under the bed the whole time   wowzers
cant wait till friday!
okokokokokok   ok so my phone has vanished once again   why now?
once again believes  a trip to the beach is in order   
sandblasting all day for the next few days       sweeeeeeeeeeet
is in cresent city having a blast!
has finally got a new phone   904 405-7497
so lets hope this week goes by as fast as last week   
looks like pizza and a movie  then   to the beach!
is taking some time off   
pizza+full metal jacket+gta4= a good saturday morning 
wonders why women (ok maybe just a woman   ) have to lie about the small things just so they can get some money? seriously! how hard is it just to be honest?
wishes he could fast forward the next 8 days 
"well i ain't first class, but i ain't white trash  wild and a little crazy, too   "
online at 12:13 am 
wishes he could stay here in tennessee and press the reset button 
has to go back to j-ville tomorrow  sad   at least i get to break the speed limit w the mustang 
just saw predators and it was awesome 
   so that rodeo cheeseburger was worth it!
"\sometimes i need to take a pill to make this town feel ok \""\",97052b19f1001357c6a9f93e076fdc4e,"   \yes thats a smile  no im not sayin why \"""""
is glad he's not a registered voter 
cant sleep!
starts training tomorrow
hysulex and ion x 2000 makes good water 
"is watching \the pacific\"" marathon  thanx to all the vets!"""
"is taking a break from this paper with halo: reach and \granma\""s boy\"" """
how the heck does my cat know im troubled?
sees the right choice  and it was totally une playful ected 
"\it's terrible! she has beautiful eyes and her hair smells like cinnamon!\"""""
some people should have been swallowed at birth 
had 2 thanxgivings 
"\it's gonna be nice working with proper villians again \"""""
one day i want to copy soneones status word for word and see if they notice 
"\unless we plan to do this in reno; we're in barney \"""""
just saw on the news that the bellagio got taken for $1 5 million in chips  awesome
"   \i wanna do bad things with you \"""""
so would wordsmithing count as a job qualification?
interesting fact of the month: crows have the inteligence of a 17 yo human 
is going back to hudson   again 
it all comes down to the money  can't put god in a box 
"so everything is right in the world dispite a couple of areas in which i have no control over  for the first time in two years im able to sleep peacefully without the aid of substance  i have seen sign after sign that confirms my current residency  someone wrote at the head of my bed this passage in the summer of '10 : \for i know the plans i have for you   jeremiah 29:11\"""""
in the fight between grace and pride; i don't wanna win this time 
wont be seeing the jakes any time soon  praise god!
needs to remember to think before he acts 
is thankful 
is done with farmville!!!!!!!
is no longer playing farmville    ever
"but one thing i do: forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead\ phil 3:13"""
is going into diabetic shock from these home-made brownies    
thankyou to everyone who wished me a happy bday! you're all aces in my book 
"just a reminder: i don't play any games on facebook ending with \ville\""  sorry for the inconvenience"""
"pleas stop sending me farm- frontier-cityville invites!!! i don\t play those games!!!!!"""
