fa3bc8c7f0f87e4102c1b4c7bf20b6f9
rain rain go away!!!
hooray!   this week is finally over      next week can only be better!
is it tues yet?    i am over monday 
going to the miners game tonight      hope it's a good one 
hooray!    i passed the glucose test!   no special diet 
i'm exhausted!   the big 16th b-day party is over and luckily not too much clean up is left 
i am so ready for the weekend!
happy new year!
<propfirst> and i went to see tangled today   it was a really cute movie    girl day was fun 
i loved a spoon on your car because i'm not crazy!
thanks for all the birthday greetings!
hmmm    isn't it great when someone deletes part of your excel files?    at least it is friday!
ugh!  monday is really loooong!!!
date night with my hubby tonight!   yay!
"in memory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried, but never met or held in our arms  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence, in memory of all angel babies, gone too soon,but never forgotten "
is tired!
happy easter everyone!   went to a really great church service today 
finally cardinals baseball is back!!!   opening day go cards!
one at bat and one home run!
grand slam yadi!!!!!   woo hoo!  what on opening day 
had a great day getting a mud wrap at the spa with <propfemale>      then lunch at red lobster and shopping at target without kids   what a great day!  thanks <propfirst>!
go cards!!
the cardinals game is ridiculous!!!    cmon cards!
"had a nice time at my niece's first communion and the party after   it was my first first communion   <propfirst> knows how to throw a party  if you leave hungry,it's your own fault!"
nate had his 6 month checkup   4 shots again  but worst of all he had to get blood taken at the lab   it was horrible!!! i almost cried   sad 
so ready for the weekend!
cmon cards!!
here come the cards!!!
is tired   please let nate sleep well tonight!
so glad tomorrow's friday!   it has been a long sleep deprived week 
thinks it would have been less work to be at work today!
woo hoo!! way to go yadi!   let's go carrdinals 
is happy to have electricity today!  smile 
happy mother's day to all the moms out there!  i was blessed to have a great mom   going to enjoy my first one 
"had a great mother's day!    got a candle and picture, necklace,  from <propfirst>   got a dozen roses,  necklace,   and dvd's    lunch with my mom and sister and families   then went to mom and dads to <propfemale> out "
a sick baby and monday    not a good combo 
"only two more day,   only two more days       "
so glad it is finally friday!  went to part of the <propfemale> dairy field trip with <propfirst>     the baby cows were cute and the big cows were stinky!
caught nate's cold    sad 
"i got beautiful flowers from my hubby today!   happy anniversary baby,  i love you  love !"
finally home and the kids are asleep   had a great time at our niece <propfemale>'s bday party   the ride home not so much   a crying baby makes the drive seem so much longer 
wishes my head would stop hurting or go ahead and e playful lode!
go away rain or i'm going to miss idol!
nate went to his first parade today and then we went to a birthday party   later rides at the herrinfest   busy but fun day!
wow we can hear the herrinfest band in our living room over the tv 
thanks to all who have served!!   your sacrifice makes it possible for us to feel safe 
does anyone need a vanity?  free to a good home 
only 2 more days until my 4 day weekend!!!
starting my 4 day weekend and snuggling with my little man!  is there anything better than that?
court today   pray they do what is best 
having our family birthday party today   it will be a fun day 
so glad it's finally friday!!
happy father's day!   i was blessed to have a great dad and a great dad for my kids
headache headache go away!
"nate said \ <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>\""    yay!"""
one more day until my 4 day weekend!!!
"off to the lake for swimming,  food & fireworks!   should be fun "
happy 4th everyone!   remember the men and women who aren't home today because they are protecting our freedom   have a great and safe day 
anyone know if herrin's fireworks were last night or tonight?
just got back from herrin fireworks   pretty good show!
wow is it <propfemale> vu for the cardinals or what!   go bullpen!
hoping for a relaxing weekend!   family pic tomorrow!
got nate's 9 mo picture and family picture done   it wasn't easy   nate was quite grumpy for pictures today    amazingly she got something worth buying 
let's go national league!
"finally,  national league wins!"
tgif!  enough said
my baby will be 9 mo on wed   went to the dr today   30 inches long and 20 lbs 14 oz 
yay!   internet is back    we had no internet yesterday!    such a bummer    smile 
nothing like a little victory over the cubs on sunday night baseball to end the weekend!
tomorrow's my friday!  yay!  smile 
first soccer game   it went as well as e playful ected when dealing with 4 & 5 year olds 
it is so hot in our office today!     can't wait to go home to cool off!
let's go cards!    sweep the reds!
woo hoo!   cards got the sweep      #1 again 
so glad it's friday!   it has been an emotionally draining week 
"monday so soon! \   i am so tired today    but,   at least it is half over!"
had a great time with my dad at the cardinals game today even thought they lost    sad   at least they made it interesting at the end 
watched <propmale> play in the band tonight   then we stayed for the balloon glow     the kids loved it!
migraine!!
ouch!   holliday takes one in the hand   hope he's ok   that's all we need!
"now pujols thinks he is spiderman and is possibly hurt!   good grief,  it is the nationals for heavens sake!"
is increasingly frustrated with the cardinals!!   postseason is becoming less likely by the day    sad 
so ready for the weekend!
had a great day at the duquoin fair today   the kids are exhausted but <propfirst> had a blast riding rides    <propmale> collected anything they were giving away free and nate just took it all in   fried snickers and italian ices to finish off the day  yum!
rainy days and mondays really get me down      wow double whammy!
hmmmm      the cardinals lose 
going to the zoo today!    looks like great weather for it!
had a great day at the zoo!   beautiful weather and fun with family 
ahhh     watching a little cardinal baseball and relaxing!  glad it's the weekend
let's go cardinals!   clap clap    clap clap clap
one of my best friends got good health news today and then we got to have a kid free dinner    it was a good day   thank you god for answered prayers 
is in mother bear mode today    don't mess with my kids!
got my hair done    so much better 
having lunch at panera with my hubby 
glad it is friday!  headed to st  <propfirst> tonight and then on to springfield mo tomorrow for our niece's 1st birthday    praying for peaceful travels 
ever have a baby get so worked up they puked  that was our trip  not peaceful    sad 
had a good time celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday  relaxing at the hotel    thanks for the wine <propfirst>!
flnally home from springfield   had a great weekend but everyone is happy to be out of the car!
so nate and i were attacking <propfirst> and nate threw up on <propfirst>   it was very funny   although <propfirst> didn't think so but nate did 
i broke up with oreos last week and i am really missing them     sad      we might get back together this weekend 
had a good time at the poshard foundation auction tonight!    this is a truly great organization    they help abused kids all over so il 
postseason no hitter    goosebumps!
breaking news from <propfemale> jo      nate took a record 14 steps today!     woo hoo!  go nater gater!
great start to the weekend   got a flat tire when we were pulling into <propfirst>'s school   sad 
had a good time at <propfemale>'s second birthday party today 
my baby is going to be one in only ten days  i can't believe it!   excited but sad   sad 
well we had quite the adventure getting the kids their flu shots today      three places later we found one for <propfirst>'s age group      people <propmale> away could hear her screaming     nate did pretty well with it     and i had an impromtu ingrown toenail removed and my toe is still numb!   crazy day!
all the miners made it up    it is so amazing!
<propfirst>'s at work   kids are asleep   now i have a date with some oreos and cake boss!
so glad it is friday!    have had a really really really stressful day involving a <propmale> reporting deadline      can't wait for the weekend!
"a full day of fort massac   a great time was had by all    <propfirst> is an indian <propfemale>   got to see my aunt, uncle, <propmale> & <propfemale>      and nate took a record 20 steps!"
let's go rangers!!!
ugh!  yankees live to see another day!  oh well rangers can win at home 
this time last year i was in labor!
"one year ago today,  god blessed us with our miracle boy <propmale> <propfirst>    happy birthday <propmale>   we love you!"
nate says thanks for all the birthday wishes!
tomorrow is the big 1st birthday party!     i'm excited!    here's hoping the birthday boy is in a good mood tomorrow 
let's go rangers!   clap clap clap clap
the yanks are afraid of hamilton 
woo hoo!!!   rangers are headed to the world series!
getting ready for the birthday party!    it going to be a good day!
nate had a great birthday party today!   thanks everyone for coming   he had fun so it was a great time for mommy too 
let's go rangers!
court today   pray that the powers that be make the right decisions 
well nothing changed at court today     sad 
go rangers!
calgon     
kids had a great time trick or treating   next up centralia parade tomorrow and trunk or treat sunday!
back from thecentralia  halloween parade    <propfirst> got alot of loot  nate stayed with mawmaw and pawpaw since he has a cold 
happy halloween!!
"awww      the final round of trick or treating is done   plus,  we threw in some pony rides at <propfemale>'s birthday party     we are all pooped     time to raid the <propfemale> bags!   wink "
want to wish my mom a happy birthday(i won't say which one)    she is awesome!
mmmm     nothing like being puked on to make monday even better 
let's go molina!!!
boo!    not happy about world series outcome     sad 
don't forget to vote!
come on daylight savings      i need light when i wake up 
yay!   friday tomorrow 
had a good time visiting our in-laws this weekend     my sister in law and i  got jipped by our uninformed toys r us cashier    sad    but got some christmas shopping done  had a yummy dinner  at wurstmart  we finally made it home sweet home 
nate stood on the big boy scale today     he weighs 25 lbs   and is 31 5 inches tall
snuggling with my boy!
happy veteran's day!    thanks to those who have served and those currently serving to keep us safe & free 
had nate's pictures taken today    what a circus!    he didn't want to cooperate at all    we were able to get some cute ones 
enjoying a date night with hubby!   thanks mom and dad!
got some more christmas shopping done today    i am almost done!
ahh!    one week off   so happy   smile 
yay!  internet is back!
had a good lunch at <propfirst>'s preschool today    trying to get the house ready for tomorrow  argh!
"happy thanksgiving everyone!  god has blessed me with a great husband,  great kids,  & wonderful friends & family   so thankful today for those and all of my other blessings "
going to cracker barrel this morning    hopefully it won't be as crazy as toys r us and walmart last night 
going to get the christmas tree today!   can't wait!
had a nice visit with the schultheis side of the family     a
potato soup for supper!   yummy!
at home with a sick kiddo    <propfirst> has a 101 5 temperature   sad 
"well <propfirst> and i watched most of the classics this afternoon while she was sick    grinch, <propmale>, frosty,   & <propfemale> claus is coming to town "
now <propfirst>'s temperature is 103!   headed to the dr in a bit    they want to take a look 
the verdict is strep throat!    crazy thing is she says her throat doesn't hurt but they did the culture and it was a definite yes 
"please put this on your status if you know \someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  my wish for 2011 is \that people will understand autism is not a disease; people with autism \are not looking for a cure but for acceptance "
nate clapped for the first time tonight!   milestone check
so tired 
off to see <propfemale>    then jeston's birthday party later    should be a fun day 
"had fun at the css christmas party    took a little bit to get used to skates again but it's just like riding a bike   brought back some great memories    unfortunately,   didn't hear another one bites the dust or <propfemale> "
please send some prayers our way    <propfirst> is getting over strep and we just got back from the er with nate   he has croup    it was very scary but he has some medicines and is a little better 
went to the wsiu christmas party tonight     a good time was had by all    kids are having a sleepover with <propfemale> and papa    mom and dad get date night!
<propfirst> had a fun party at pirate <propmale>'s!   happy 5th birthday <propfirst>! thanks for coming everyone!
well the kids are super excited about the snow!    i think it looks pretty but hope it melts by tomorrow or we get 12 more inches so they close <propfemale>!
"driving back from mattoon   had fun celebrating christmas with the beevers , grandma and rest of the family "
"happy birthday to <propfirst>!   she is 5 today   although if you have seen her in the last couple days,   she probably told you she would be 5 today!    she is very excited!   smile "
is on christmas break!!!    don't have to work until january 4th      just finished some baking and am definitely in the christmas spirit 
we are almost to my sister& brother in laws!  yay!   i am out of ways to entertain the 1 yr old 
happy christmas <propfemale>!   enjoying some time with the inlaws!
tomorrow's monday    oh wait i don't have to work!    awwww!
nate has teeth troubles    sad 
all the christmas stuff us down    kind of sad but glad to have the space in the living room back 
back to the real world tomorrow    sad 
missing nap time today!
"home sweet home!    two states,  two birthday parties, & one funeral later and we are home    made for a busy,  fun, sad and one long weekend "
nate has the pukes!  sad 
<propfirst> and <propfirst> have the pukes!    sad 
"so ready for the 3 day weekend!   hopefully,   my family will be healthy "
feels like a broken record today!
"pancakes, eggs,  sausage & bacon for breakfast   yummy!"
"if your dad was a hard working man and was your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad  my wonderful dad is <propmale> stuebe "
hip hip hooray for friday!!!!
feels horrible!    sad 
watching <propfemale> smiles and eating blizzards with the kiddos 
snow snow go away!
nate had his 15 mo checkup today    he had to get 3 shots     sad   he is 34 inches tall and 27 8 lbs 
my hubby took the kids shopping yesterday so i could have alone time    then had a great dinner with friends last night 
illinois' children services system is so broken   sad   please send some prayers our way 
can't stop coughing!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!    i am having an awesome birthday    dinner with my friend <propfemale> last night,  lunch with my friend <propfemale> today    plus,  hershey bar cake(thanks <propfemale>) with the work gang    having dinner with my hubby tonight and lunch with the family on sunday    plus,   <propfirst> got me a new 32g ipod that i am having a glass of wine in my new cake glass and checking out   woo hoo!!!!"
i  love  my new ipod!
pot roast italiano cheesy potatoes & <propmale> chocolate cake   yummy!
nate won't stop shrieking    high pitched glass breaking shrieks   calgon     
we have court tomorrow    please pray that they actually do something!    and the powers that make good decisions 
good news:  they actually started the hearing today and heard testimony from one witness  bad news:   they ran out of time and it is continued it until march  ( which we were informed could be worse)    keep praying everyone!
is that peace & quiet i hear!    yes it is!!
had fun at <propfemale>'s party today    the kids loved swimming 
so ready for my 4 day weekend!
nate had the grossest diaper in history!
had a good day   took the kids to the park   soon <propfirst> is going to throw some hot dogs on the grill 
just got back from visiting my grandma   she was surprised and glad to see the kids   we had a nice visit 
had a relaxing day with <propfirst> today!   got some good deals at kohl's  enjoyed a muffin from perkins    now we are relaxing until we pick up the kids 
"husband and wife week--if your spouse is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the year you were married (2005)"
happy st  <propfemale>'s day!   it is our 7th anniversary of our first date    love you <propfirst>!
"pray for me  we are on our\way to get pictures taken   or maybe pray for the jcpenney people "
ah! pictures are done & it went great!
"if you are 39 and out of shape,  it isn't a good idea to try and demonstrate a cartwheel    let me be a cautionary tale "
it is 83 degrees in our office     soooo hot!
finally friday!!!    woo hoo!   it has been a looong week!
does anyone watch army wives?   just watched last night   so sad!
we have court tomorrow    send some prayers our way 
opening day baby!!   go cards!!!!
good news dad surrendered his rights   bad news mom case continued until may 13 
"infertility is a heart-wrenching, faith-questioning, relationship-testing, life-altering e playful erience  april is infertility awareness month  whether a friend, a family member, a colleague or yourself has fought through this difficult fate that millions of women are fighting day in and day out, post this as your status if you or someone you know has walked to hell and back for the <propmale> to be a mom or dad"
"okay idol watchers     was that unbelievable \?"
it is friday!   and our building has air conditioning   woo hoo!
was westbrook a good idea?    i think not 
woo hoo!   theriot comes through!
oatmeal chocolate chip cookies   yummy!
can rasmus catch a ball?   can <propmale> close a game?   geez!    it's going to be a long season 
migraine   sad 
let's go cardinals!!
cardinal baseball with nate the great 
loving <propmale> berkman        
headed to easter village at purina farms   should be fun!
<propfemale> vu anyone    <propmale> strikes again
no electricity=no parenthood  crying 
is thankful for electricity today!    and that it came back on before our groceries spoiled 
woo hoo!    4 day weekend!    kicking it off with the circus tomorrow!
rain rain go away!
happy easter everyone!   he is risen!
rainy days and mondays get me down 
"little darling  the smiles are returning to the faces \little darling  it seems like years since its been here\here comes the sun   here comes the sun\and i say its allright"
