65d1f4da165bd2578d0377436932a751
ddldldls
"just discovered facebook and didn't know what the \share\"" option meant   i'm a little overwhelmed   apparently can't delete that last bit of nonsense """
"work wasn't so awful, for a sunday "
digs thursdays and shortbread 
-saturday night's all right with me    
loves halloween time 
   it's gonna come a cold hard rain 
's texts are not working   and my key is still stuck in my door   at least its almost time for glee!
wonders why the internet knows me so well  is it not creepy?
has turned into an insomniac   by my standards 
"--my key has been freed, by a regular <propmale> charming!"
is furious the world series is interfering with glee!!!  furious!
had the best halloween ever!
"um, i think i lost my cat idgie   shit   <propfirst>'s kitties weren't meant to be confined i guess   hope he comes back "
idgie came back!  he showed up at my door about two this morning!  yae!!!
-excited about more fun this weekend!
home sweet home 
"needs a vacation   okay, wants a vacation "
"is thrilled to have just realized she can hide farmville and mafia wars updates   completely not interested, not even a little bit "
"wondering why the tv is playing a constant stream of public services announcements-topics include being a good friend when someone has a mental illness, speaking up when a friend is driving recklessly, and not posting photos of a questional nature online "
high on that good music!  good stuff 
loves glee   only two more episodes this season!  also loves wine 
"ah, the weekend  road trip tomorrow to see captain kj!"
has had a perfect evening!
five day vacay begins!  transiberian orchestra tonight!
i'ma get more shine than a little bit 
"read a good book today   \this is water \"""""
"browsing regretsy, seriously laughing outloud  a lot "
car shoppin   i hate it 
"poor tiger  lost all his sponsorships because of his illness   he's a sex addict, dontcha know "
is loving this <propfemale> sunday 
ready to admit i was swindled by the layway vacation   wish me luck trying to get a refund!
bought a car! a volvo wagon!
had a fantastic family filled weekend!  i feel very blessed most of the time!
<propfemale> episodes on youtube?  fantastic!
"is finally in winona-town, after a long drive in the rain   happy easter weekend!  excited to see the <propfemale> folks! izzie and <propfemale>, that is "
oh yeah-does anyone in kc want a futon?
"---kon had a great idea of organizing a bike ride to <propfirst>'s funeral   it's gonna be in midtown, so should be easy to manage   anyone interested, please pass it on   i know not everyone is on facebook, so tell those who aren't   i'm sure extra bikes could be acquired for anyone who doesn't have their own "
enjoying this sunday afternoon 
"happy earth day, friends  do something good for the earth today, even if it's just to quietly appreciate it   but probably do more than that, really "
nearly <propmale> bound!
--i will no longer be carrying around photo id   know why?  people should know who i am 
loving <propmale> vacation!
on mountain time 
home sweet home 
"loves <propfemale> white   best snl episode in years   maybe ever! also, happy mother's day to all the moms i know!"
"hasn't seen that much mud since ozzfest '97   okay, so that wasn't really me, but it was worth repeating "
tuckered   it's almost nap time 
"thanks for the happy birthday wishes, friends!  happy birthday also to my dear friends <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propmale>!"
refreshed as can be from the weekend   time for moving now!
has free internet!  just another reason why i love the new place!
has the itchies   and it's driving me mad!
"just caught the end of a news story with the headline \homicide checkpoint \""  what?"""
enjoying the stillness 
excited for the weekend-fourth of july!
"i hear leaders quit their lying, i hear babies quit their crying, i hear soldiers quit their dying, i hear them all, i hear them all, i hear them all "
"<propfemale>, f*** yeah "
cereal for dinner   yum 
needs a good camping trip 
had a good little bike ride!
oh  my  god  this is unbelievable!
"had a most fantastic field day!  thanks, friends!"
up before the sun 
"sometimes you win, and sometimes you learn "
happy to be in <propfemale> for a couple days   excited to see my family and old friends 
packing for camping   cannot wait!
i'm clean    i'm cleeeaann!
"loves cooking shows   thanks, kcpt "
chop chop chopping vegetables 
"just realized i may be a <propfirst> bieber fan   not like in a huge way, but just enough to recognize he is adorable and kinda talented "
"so-aked!  despite the rain tho, enjoyed the ethnic festival!"
sweet sweet sunday   i feel like shopping 
buh buh buh!!!!! that's some evil shit 
it's almost hoodie season!!! who's excited?
pretty good little thursday 
 love  kon
antsy pantsy 
loves the thunder 
family fun time in <propfemale>   happy labor day weekend!
"back home, and contemplating the appropriate way to spend the unofficial last evening of summer   the rest of the weekend has been just swell "
"oh, arizona, how you continue to make asses of yourselves   that unintelligible governor, absurd immigration business, and now republicans adding homeless people to the green party ballot   can't wait to see what the next couple months bring "
"got us again, mother nature   thanks   rain was fun anyway "
"we're more alike than different   embrace differences and practice love for your fellow people today, rather than exercising your right to be a fear-mongering bigot "
"why am i up at 5 a m , you ask?  cause tuxedo had e playful losive diarrhea in our room, and the scent woke me up   then as i was letting him outside to finish his business, gray cat snuck out   hmmph "
"had a very nice mini-vacation, glad to be back home "
best harvest <propfemale> party ever!
what a nice lazy sunday   no need to get caught up in the technicality of it actually being thursday 
"why does the facebook spell check not recognize \facebook\"" as a word?"""
what a fall-tastic weekend!
"\don’t focus on the one guy who hates you  you don’t go to the park and set your picnic down next to the only pile of dog shit \"""""
kinda misses myspace   it had so much personality!  eh 
"probably should've been cleaning today, but its so cold in the house, and so warm and <propfemale> on the porch   therefore reading on the porch won out "
"yeah, toast!"
"really, immune system?  is this the appropriate time to allow a cold flu to take over?  i got a sick dad, a lady going to <propfemale> and a one year old's birthday party to attend   so mostly i just don't wanna be getting other folks sick "
tried out raking for the first time   so many leaves!
gettin' shit done!
"halloween parties are great, but   is it ten o'clock tomorrow night yet?!"
"happy halloween, dear souls "
yae for doing your civic duty   and now for the <propfirst>    
"this is bullcrap, in the words of my favorite little sociopath "
"just learned from browsing vacation package deals that you can get airfare and 4 nights in overland park, kansas starting at $600!  awesome "
and remember to ret her into your heart   !
"has enjoyed this \fall back\"" day!"""
stop rafing the english language 
"so thankful-for family and friends that love and accept me, for never needing to worry about my basic needs being met, and for all the opportunities ive had to learn and grow "
"oh christmas tree, oh christmas tree      !"
"always enjoys e playful loring small towns through their court systems   nice to meet you, bolivar   thanks for the hospitality "
inspired by simplicity 
"family day, f yeah "
"glass half empty, half full, i'll spill ya "
holiday season is making my jeans smaller   i need a workout <propmale>!
day of rest 
"sledding magic!  and i don't wanna jinx it, but i love my volvo in this snow "
gemini 'til the day i die!
"when machines and computers, profit motives and property rights, are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered -dr  mlk, jr "
<propfemale> kunis should've gotten a nomination 
go black eyed peas!  you got this shit!
hibernation station 
snap snap go the <propfemale> snaps   it's the simple things 
"it's my lady's birthday, fun starts right meow!"
what a great weekend it has been!
i just saw a caterpillar!
three big gay and happy stories in one day?  wow!
filling my head full of gardening info 
"red wine and fruit cured my cold, i do believe "
"i'm tired of pretending i'm not a total, bitchin' rock <propfemale> from mars "
