52ec4aa9e83f9b07e84a4b50fd375e5a
"she's got whatever it is   it blows me away   she's everything i wanted to say to a woman but couldn't find the words to say   she's got whatever it is   i don't know what to do   because every time i try and tell her how i feel  it comes out \i love you\"""""
you can't tell time your a zebra   
yupp im an idiot   
"i'm sure about it   i'm definately sure, that i do surely doubt it   i wish that i could say that i was sure about it   but i'm definately sure, that i'm not sure   "
is missin her cousins up in michigan  sad  love you guys!!
makin puppy chow with the palest person alive    <propfemale> slemmer
is happy  smile 
scratch that  
well thats my story and im ssssttiickin to it!
has the best family in the world  smile 
is   hhhhhhhhh       sick  annoyed 
whatever it takes
"\like a phone call from my baby   sayin' <propfemale> i miss you like crazy  \"" ?"""
im stresseddd annnd lost my phoneee      sad 
loves it when she shows up to class and it's canceled    buuuutt not at 8am  laugh 
"\you know your in love when you can't sleep because reality is better than your dreams\"""""
is dragggiiinnnnggggggg  sad 
"just the thought of you can drive me wild   oh, you make me smile ?"
hates pigs
it pig sickness free!!!! woo hoo!  smile 
correction    is pig sickness free!!!! woo hoo!  smile 
did he really just say that   ?
paper due online at 8 surprise 0     paper submitted online at 7:56      i love college
"\its a quarter after 1 im all alone and i need you now   i said i wouldnt call but i lost all control and i need you now  \"""""
go buckeyes!!!  smile 
babysitting the munchkins  smile    family pictures    then dayton???
holy jersey shore
thinks biology papers are stupid 
ugh ugh ugh ughghhhhhhhh
sometimes its refreshing to know that your professor nows all the words the song milkshake by kelis     smile 
i dont wannnaaaaa go to classss  sad 
tmi    tmi   is what happends when you live at home
hangin out with cam and liam playing some serious  wii  smile 
has the cutest dog on the planet!!  smile 
has waayyy to much fun with picnik  annoyed 
love the one your with  smile 
hates the snow  sad 
going to class  sad     then family dinner  smile 
thinks slipping on a patch of ice and busting her lip is a great start to the week    not 
wants to give up writing her paper                                            
all that im after is a life full of laughter   as long as im laughing with you ?
bachelor   duh
yepp   i just rediscovered bbmak   its gonna be a good night  smile 
come on summer!! your almost there!!
is tired of all this work work work and go go go  sad 
college 
7 more dayss!! wohhhhh!!
thinks biology is overrated 
i know what a <propmale> and lover ought to be    i know what a <propmale> and lover ought to beeeeee
panama tomorrow!!! excitement 
panama!  smile 
loves her boyfriend so so so muchhh!!!  smile 
i dont wannaa go to school tomorrow  sad 
just loves walking around campus barefoot  smile         not!
la la la la    la la la la    <propmale>'s song!
happy easter!!  smile 
can't stop smiling  smile 
hopes she feels better by this weekend  sad 
had such a lovely time this weekend  smile 
class then shopping with the beautiful <propfemale> slemmer!  smile 
class then dinner and a movie with the boyfriend  smile 
i said it hott outside let me go swimmin' in your eyesss    
american <propfemale> is an awesome song  smile 
i thought if i could touch this place or feel it this brokenness inside me might start healing out here it’s like i’m someone else i thought that maybe i could find myself
feels like she might e playful lode from all the treats she had for dinner     no regrets  surprise )
there arnt enough hours in a day   
wants the weekend to come already!! ahh!!
hahaha ohhhhh maury    you just brighten my day  smile 
michigan for the weekend  smile 
i know im a little late with this hehe but i just have to say last weekend was really what the doctor ordered  smile  had such a great time with family and i already miss all of you so so much!!!
is totally in love with her doggy  smile 
is officially done with spring quarter and is sooo ready for summer!!!  smile 
beach bound!!!  smile 
could get used to watching movies in a movie theater in her house  smile 
last day in nc  sad  bittersweet  
is missin her boy  annoyed 
jersey shore season 2 july 29th!!! ahh cant wait lol
"\you lost me\"" - <propfemale> aguilera"""
watching the kiddos then inception in imax!! wooohh!!
doesnt wanna do guard comp anymore  
cadillac for the weekend to hangout with the greatest family everrr!!!  smile 
i love my <propfemale>  smile 
probably has the easiest job on the planet    smile 
"\go bug-eyes!!\"""""
 love 
is so excited to finally move out tomorrow!!!!  smile 
is totally tired  indecision 
is excited she doesnt have to work all day <propmale>  smile 
got new laptop!!!  smile  wooh hoo!!
loves flash mobs  smile 
"my professor said \dogs cant love you\""      i hate this class"""
"tried to get on face book this morning and couldnt do it!! i'm guessing it was because i kept writing \friendship com\"" insted of \""facebook com\"" hehe"""
i like it on the floor in an ice cream shop 
making some chili   what some??  smile 
"and the songbirds keep singing\like they know the score\and i love you, i love you, i love you\like never before"
"<propfemale>- \hey hope if i said \""i cant find my rubber!\"" what do you think about?\",52ec4aa9e83f9b07e84a4b50fd375e5a,feels tired
my bed is waaay too comfertable   
"if you give, you begin to live   love "
i totally have bieber fever     smile  you smiiiiileee i smiiiiiileee!!!
come on buckeyes!!!
bang!!    bang!!     bang!!                 come on bang!!
avoiding studying  
"has a \head cake\""     laugh """
2 down 1 more to go!!  smile 
ahh only 3 more days!!
 annoyed 
its my birthday!!  smile  thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!
wow   finally our internet works   
gettin sick of winter  sad 
i hate college but   
e playful ress cycle is no joke
give a little more by maroon 5      soooo gooood  smile 
this weather blows   haha get it??
wow   just wow!!
hey <propmale>!! -2 degrees is <propfemale> not cool! thanks!!
dear pepperidge farm    please please pleaseee stop making your milano cookies!!!! they are wayyy too addicting!!
i need a puppy!!!
come back great weather come back! i wasnt finished with you yet!!  annoyed 
miss my itanians    <propfemale> piccolo and <propfemale> poggioli  sad   sad 
being sick is no fun   no one wants to hangout with me  sad  but hallelujah for cats and dogs who don't know any better  smile 
getting really excited for this road trip in a few weeks!!  smile  hopefully <propmale> vangas and i wont wanna ring each other necks by the end of it  smile 
i need a dog to go running with   anyone wanna lend my their dog??
my life would be so much more exciting if everyone around me spoke with a british accent!
vacation is almost hear!!
i dont want to go back to real life!
"\it is what it is what it is!\"" - camryn smith"""
