41f41ef5dc9549f70fab710c8d42bfa1
"the mistake we have made with the e playful loration of space is that we have investigated in search of life, rather than death "
hates tinnitus
"if you don't have a trader <propfirst>'s in your area, this is a store where smug, uppermiddleclass liberals shop to assuage their guilt because the packaging emphasizes words like organic and fair trade  but these types of people also don't like to be overcharged like the rubes who shop at whole foods, which every trader <propfirst>s shopper will joke they should call it 'whole paycheck!' amiright?! this joke has never been funny "
"office space is ridiculous when censored  especially since they messed it up  (you sir, are an ass !beep!    )"
"<propfemale> in wonderland is an overhyped disney children's movie, albeit a good children's movie "
totally lost that biology lab
"yeah i like money, like having it, like spending it, but there aint anything like spending somebody elses"
only until friday
how can you tell if someone's a musician? they're 35 and shopping at walmart with their mother
is contemplating late night soft rock radio dj as my future career
"take me down the road, take me to the show     but don't take me for granted"
this weekend is going to be amazing
"vc today, looking forward to bbq"
"can't find my spanish textbook,  birthday's on tuesday"
<propmale> strass is my idol
"who else thinks it's badass that the dollar tree stocks a brand named \awesome\""?"""
labor day! labor day! schools are closed and pools are open!labor day! all the way!do all your shopping at wal-mart!
piano= instrument most capable of annoying me
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=v-jnifordoc
finally found the bet channel on this tv
"rebellion through conformity, because jello told me to "
mmm peaches
dazed and confused
"\i'll do it my way and i'll always win\"""""
flight of conchords + simpsons = pretty sweet
november 23!
anyone know where i can get an e playful os cap?
"this friday, lavish green take 2  lets keep the cops out of it this time ey?"
ain't identity a bitch?
melt with you     
so apparently god is a giants fan?
just saw deadmau5 ohmigyawd intense
how bout them niners?
cap'n crunch mudduh fucka!
i'm in a tinychat with 4 other people @ http annoyed  tinychat com coopm
"ain't it crazy how once you make it to the top, and you check out all the assholes you've been looking up to all of your life you realize that they were full of shit the whole time? fuck heroes, dig your own way  peace "
"on second thoughts, i’d rather <propfemale> around and be there with my best friend,if she wants me "
putting parentheses in the wrong place make you sound like a psycho 
living in perfect pitch is boring
"whatever judge <propfemale>, don't let me go on your show   "
the show parking wars blows my mind
worst sleep ever
"theory: as technology develops and becomes popular, humor progressively weakens "
nothing like spendin half an hour on the shuttle at circus circus!
my psychedelic euphoria
tra-fucking-dition!
haha go team sg! fun adventure with mcbeef!
heard the hazards of love around ten times last night
rah rah blahhh
"done with facebook , if you wanna talk,  call or text me 775-527-4867"
all mistakes are mental 
(mind control)
"anyone wanna be in a dance electro-riff band that plays keyboard? if so, hit me up"
"her eyes are a deeper blue, she likes her hair that color too"
"looking back on it, i think i may have missed my turn   because the summits behind me and all i see is the bottom"
banana split a la mode with <propmale> mcauliffe and <propfemale> <propfirst> the watermelon!
"my house stinks of skunk, and it aint the good kind either"
"dude, stop trying to get us to throw <propfemale> clauses arm!"
"i think that i may have finally awoken from my emotional hibernation, and the change is killing me!"
pez are wonderful 
this is awesome 
three word update 
i got me a new bed!
"\this event is 18 and over\"" fuck that shit """
what's up with platypuses? bitches be weird
put me on a plane to glasgow 
prussia
little nug mcpep
"maid <propfemale> listen to me, not a <propfirst> in the trees could sing so sweet, those <propfemale> men make a mess in me, but it's nothing like the way you make me feel so free "
who wants to take me to tahoe to see <propmale> day this saturday?!
"i hate it when you type something, and on the screen it looks like a lot of writing, but then when you print it out it looks like nothing "
relapse 
it was wayy too cold fo that
"they say to look to the clouds and ask for another day, fuck another day, i've got pills to make the pain go away  and im scared that i'll never find another way to make what's in my veins stay  with only my crazy ideas left to drive me insane  and after every high i fall back down to the same remains  at least i know that i'll never change "
today i recapture what was always mine: the <propfemale>
"they sell us love as divinity\when it's only a social obscenity\underneath they're all lovable"
goddamn this is like bakin for idiots
there are saltines right above yo head
kung pu fanda!
"oh my god <propfirst>, you're so big!"
gogol bordello cancelled    lame 
time to become a movie buff!
