79b700cb695d1c9850c8c1a50b5d461d
boom boom fire power! happy 4th!!!
is freezing cold at the moment
ugh   i need to update my facebook more often   
loving the show 'home movies' in adult swim lawlz
   if nautical nonsense be something you wish     smile 
i have decided   i'm gonna be a crazy cat lady when i'm old   and can't walk   smile 
this is the first saturday in a long time where i've been able to sleep in    i almost forgot what sleeping in past 6 felt like ha ha  smile )
"i am sooooooo bored  i don't want to go to school tomorrow, either   sad "
i love the office   smile 
   some people piss me off so much   
fall break!  smile 
dead baby jokes are terrible but hilarious at the same time rofl
i play facebook games a lot   
ahhhh! i dyed my hair (again)!  smile 
i hate when my tivo gains intelligence and records shows that i don't watch   
"went to taco <propfemale> for lunch today and these peeps from broken arrow came (an entire busload) and these 3 chicks were like breathing down my neck! so annoying, but i didn't make a scene ha ha"
"pichaz!! of me and mah new hurr    *cough* okay  i'll stop trying now ha ha  but seriously, check it ouuuuuuuttttah   laugh "
i love cooking ha ha
southmoore's goin to the playoffs tonight! kill me an eagle woot woot!!!!! lol
omg my ankle hurts like a mofo damnit
i am so       
it's finally turkey day and i am soooooo hungry! can't wait to go to my gma's on a couple of hours to eat!  smile 
thanksgiving ended 1 hour and 34 minutes ago   bummer ha ha time for leftovers!!!
"   cuz i'm a punkrocker, yes i am!"
   someone stole my freaking piece of crap phone   dammit! i am now without a phone until christmas   
i have a debate tournament this weekend and i'm not ready ha ha ha     crap
knew she would be regretting sleeping 13 hours yesterday    i can't sleep!
"so, i woke up today with my cat sleeping on my chest-her butt to my face, mind you  she stands up and what do i see? a poople dangling from her hind-end  so, i literally woke up with shit in my face  wonderful way to start the day "
i made a christmas hat yesterday to go ice-skating in! i need to get a pic up   i'm proud of myself lol
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
has not gone to bed yet   surprise 
"spring semester textbooks: between $365 65 and $487 55, depending on how many used i can get   college manages to suck the life out of me even while on vacation   - -"
"woman=one, women=many - -"
go pack go!  smile 
#83 walden is an absolute beast this game! go pack go!
touchdown packers  laugh 
quelqu'un que je connais aime juste drame   lol
i     am a closet <propfemale> fan   i am addicted to the movies   lol   secrets out now ha ha
omg i finally watched the hangover    rofl
    must   type   essays     damnit
my dog makes me sad sometimes nowadays    he's pretty old and he struggles with arthritis a lot     sad 
why is it so hard for people to live in reality??
i've discovered that i am a closet classical music junkie      smile 
i love photography   it makes me look at the world from a different persective   it makes the world beautiful for me  smile 
doesn't know which photos to print off    hmmmm  smile 
has really bad razor burn on her legs    sad  owie
"just got done cruisin with <propfemale> lmao 'omg, they're in a cadillac! hide' lolololol  smile "
i  love  the olympics  laugh 
i have my laptop back!!! lol  smile ]
omg everyone needs to play robot unicorn attack on adultswim com!!!!!
pumped for next weekend!  smile ]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]
omg    need to not get so distracted so easily
i've come to realize that remixed music is great for when  you are hyper ha ha like i am     *head-bang*
music =  love 
"i need to get a good night's sleep so i can debate my arse off tomorrow  yes, i am a nerd   smile ]"
can't wait for spring break  smile ]
family guy is probably the funniest cartoon ever   and the 'p' on my keyboard is messed up   
baseball game tonight! southmoore vs  yukon at yukon!! whoooooo go shs baseball!!!  smile )
don't talk to me 'cause i'm busy preparing for the end of the world 
"my right eye is so swollen, it looks like someone punched me   sad "
"i certainly know how to start my spring break off with a bang   literally  fell off my horse this morning and hit my head, hard  blacked out for about 45 seconds and was taken to the hospital  feel like a pin cushion because they coulsn't get an iv in and i have this massive head ache  other than that, i feel pretty good   well except that i pretty much can't do anything for a week    annoyed \"
ugh   going back to daytime scheduling is gonna suck when spring break is over    annoyed \
"that night i slept, on your side of the bed so, it was ready when you got home, we're like nails and crosses in that opposites always attract "
my ankle keeps popping in a really painful way lol it's annoying
ugh   phone won't let me send a freaking text and it's irritating me   all the technology that i own is freaking dying on me   what's next? my car? damn it   
"ha ha bye-bye unconstitutional health <propmale> (law? bs? i don't know what to call it other than complete crap!) bye-bye democratic majority  the passing of this 'health care reform' is something you democrats will regret for a loooong time  way to ignore the people of this country, way to piss them off and way to show your true selves-snakes-to the american people "
"<propfemale> is, in fact, a virtue that is rewarded   laugh "
sometimes phones just suck 
ugh why can't i get to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep?
thank god fo retarded assemblies! i get a three hour lunch because of them!  smile 
perfect evening ahead   just had fantastic chinese and am watching the lovely bones   the only thing that would make this better would be if he were here  smile 
i always have to wonder if we really are growing up   
life gets crazier and crazier the closer we get to the 'real' world  what can we do but be swept along? is this adulthood? i'd rather be a kid forever!
my phone hates me!  sad 
poop on a cracker!  surprise 
there's only so much i can take before i break down     annoyed \
i honestly have no idea what i would do if everything i owned was destroyed in a tornado   annoyed \ i've been lucky   
3 more days!  smile 
"i am officially an alumni of southmoore high school  thank you to all the teachers that have put up with me, my family for always being there through thick and thin, and the friends i have made a long the way  each and everyone of you have shaped me to be the person i am today and there is no word that can be used to describe how thankful i am to all of you  i love you!  smile "
"girl i gotta know how you dance like that, dance like that  'cause you're puttin on a show   3oh!3  love "
"lukewarm dr  pepper does not go down well, ladies and gentlemen  just thought i should fore warn you all   "
"my hair   is pink  vibrant, hot pink  it's actually pretty bad ass, too   smile "
"ah now my hair is a much less shocking color  no more \sneaky\"" pictures taken of my hair while i'm eating at a restaurant  lol"""
"okay, so i didn't make you \fall for me\"" so don't throw a bitch fit when i don't feel the same  we don't know each other that well and i have stuff planned for my life that i'm not just gonna throw away for a stupid boy  - - geez people piss me off sometimes  lol"""
"so, i may have to put my dog down  he's old, his arthritis is terrible no matter what we do, and he kept getting random nosebleeds today   sad "
sometimes i wonder why i do the things i do  its wrong but i find that i don't care?
"hanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i just got back home and seeing as i don't have internet where i'm staying, i can't check my facebook and stuff  so yeah, i'm 18!  smile "
"what's black, white, and delicious with every bite?"
"\i'm so sorry! i've really lost my head  all those words you said   \""  smile """
no texts=no love  sad 
"\i didn't even notice anything was wrong  i didn't even notice that my heart had been stolen \""  love """
some people are such fucking assholes that i don't even know what to do anymore    annoyed \
las nite i was all droppn dem thizzles and this bitch all walkd up to me makn small talk tryina get w  me and i was all like u must be trippin u ain't got shitt
"another broken promise, another wasted effort   annoyed \"
"\and so i stayed up all night  slept in all day  this is my sound  thinkin 'bout tomorrow won't change how i feel today\""  love  matt&kim"""
fuck guys  nothing but disappointment after disappointment  annoyed \
rain makes me emo  cheer me up?  annoyed 
"anyone got any smart pills? cause i need them badd, i've been stuuupid lately    annoyed "
let's see what excuse you use this time
it's good to be home for a few hours   smile 
wow - -
guess what i did yesterday!  smile 
only two more weeks!  smile 
agh! so tired!
i hate when i feel lazy because i never make good food  i'm eating rice   how       blah! - -
yay  smile  home for a week and then it's off to campus to move into the dorms! i so excited!  laugh 
facebook needs to stop with the glitches  it's kind of annoying   annoyed 
release the krakken!  laugh 
"\you should come see me\""  \""give me a good reason to\""   \""i've got 7 inches of good reason\"" lol people are so funny hahahahahahahahaha"""
someone needs to freaking text me because i'm supah bored! and had an energy drink!  surprise 
that was seriously the most delicious salad i have ever made!  laugh 
its so nice to finally be able to feel the right half of my face  i hate going to the dentist   annoyed 
so you think you can dance is probably my favorite show ever!  laugh 
"some people are so amazingly stupid, i wonder how they survived to be as old as they are   annoyed "
i have like the super munchies   surprise 
walls are too bare! d: can't wait to get some personality into this room!  laugh 
i'm so excited to finish my room! but my bank account will only last for so long until i get a job again   sad (
this freaking internet connection is really starting to irk me   annoyed 
i wish you wouldn't make killing her sound so much like killing her 
where oh where has my summer gone? where oh where can it beeeeeeeeeee?  sad 
"class tomorrow  laundry still not done  fun times, fun times "
i'm so cold   surprise 
homework 
could really use a graphing calculator right about now  
i really hate freaking math  > sad 
psychology  smile 
a long slow night filled with family guy humor  smile 
"tonight is not my night it seems  can't find my phone, it's somewhere in my car room and i locked myself out of my freaking dorm  i'm just gonna go to bed  - -"
"fightint in a basement offers a'lotta difficulties, number one bein', you're fightin' in a basement "
"to top my night off, i forgot that my dog is going to be put down tomorrow   sad "
just got a printer in my room  so excited  smile 
sprained ankles are not fun \\:
fight on my floor  i love people  they're so funny  lmao
"is eating really cheesy, greasy  pizza   can't decide if it's good or gross"
fucking sore throat sucks ass):
yay for walking to class  in the rain  with an already sore throat  - -
central plaza lobby is pretty awesome late at night smile 
raman noodles are so yummy when you have tonsilitus and can't eat or swallow just about everything   smile 
really hate when i can't sleep   annoyed 
"we're playing a game, it's called burny-burny cut-cut "
insomnia we meet again 
"well i have a clue oh, wouldn't it be nice to never be alone in this wasted life?  love  cartel !"
what's wrong with wanting to be a kid all over again?  smile 
it's really inconvenient when the internet is slow    annoyed 
fml  fucking fml  - -
asdfklghaerwqgndsgz;bxhadf  annoyed 
so    i'm kinda sorta really bored   
it's only three in the afternoon and i'm already ready to go back to sleep   
"hmmmmm i have the urge to get another tattoo   but of what, i have no clue   playful "
"a broken home,\a broken heart,\isolated and afraid,\open up this is a raid,\i wanna get it through to you,\you're not alone \ love  you are not alone by <propfemale> staples"
"so, i'm getting back into the debate thing again!  smile  super excited to be reading all this intellectual crap  judging at the <propmale> north tournament tomorrow  can't wait to see the southmoore team there! smile "
dropped my phone in water and now it's messing up  sad 
"don't hate, or discriminate  just pollinate  smile  i love you rissaaaaaaaaa"
come one packers! you can do it!  smile 
"freaking worst evening ever  laptop screen is broken  it'll take two weeks to get it fixed last i heard  cramping like a bitch and it hurts so much i'm about to pass out, but i can't because i have a room that looks like a tornado and a hurricane simultaneously ran rampant   sad  no fun for <propfemale> "
already been awake for almost two hours  so unusual to be up this early for no reason  it's amazing what a good night's rest can do for you!  smile 
when are we self-improved enough to accept ourselves?
"if you had a friend who spoke to you the same way you speak to yourself, how long would that person be your friend? answer honestly "
teenage mutant ninja turtles!  smile 
i'm so glad that i'm super comfortable around the boyfriend smile 
"would you rather lose all of your old memories, or never be able to make new ones?"
watching: the cave! should i be doing something productive? yes  do i care right now? no   smile 
"i'm so burnt out on school  i should have taken a year off so my brain can chill  it's all catching up to me, especially this first semester   annoyed \"
loves shopping online smile 
late night study session to get to wear i need to be for my classes!  smile 
can't wait till gop has majority in congress again  smile  good things will happen
an earache is not my idea of  good time  sad 
"ugh   fourty-five minutes until my next class  what to do, what to do?    "
ugh   don't feel good  sad 
did you mean for those words to go together or did they just fall out of your mouth randomly?
well    the freaking phone doesn't work anymore  glad to know technology is so dependable   sad 
phone's working  smile  but lost some of my contacts  sad 
"as soon as my mom comes home, i'm going out to eat with the family!  smile "
"we need to stop paying administrators so much freaking money so that schools can afford the required number of teachers so that kids don't have to sit in overcrowded classrooms, not learning a damn thing  this government crap is so stupid "
totally not gonna go to bed so that i can be up at three a m  for black friday shopping    oh joys
tsa- they've now handled more packages than the us postal service  smile 
almost time to go shopping!!! haha
ugh
why is my fish not eating?  sad 
sleep: i wish you and i were on better terms 
they say i'm brain-washed but i'm in love with this man 
yo! check out my writings and stuff over at fictonpress com ~arandomwriter  it would please me very much  smile 
hmmm   what to do what to do till my class starts    hmmmmmm
omg it's already wednesday! just one more day and my weekend officially starts  smile 
"in regards to the 'enhanced security' at aiports thanks to teh tsa: too many people are okay because teh full-body scan enhanced <propfirst> down is to keep them safe  'it's okay to tolerate it if it stops another underwear bomber, right?' well what about when some terrorists sticks an e playful losive up his anal orifice? does that mean we'll have to deal with full body cavity searches just to fly a plane?"
the <propfemale> hawkins dance! in my khaki pants! there's nothing better! oh! oh! oh! the girls ask the guys! it's always a surprise! there's nothing better! baby do you like my sweater?
republicans and democrats in office are the same nowadays: out of touch with the average american 
this is me being extremely bored   
breakfasttt
only three more finals tests to go and then i am done with the first semesterrrrrrr  smile 
with all the times i've been lied to it's a wonder i still believe people will do what they say 
"why can't there be welfare reform?  2 and 1 2 years limit  in that two years you can either go to vo-tech or get a two year degree  in that time every need is taken care of: child-care, food, low-cost housing, education  then after the two years, you have six months to get a job in whatever skill set you learned  after that, tough luck "
"oh why not join in annoyed confession time \2010 is almost over  confess\something (inbox only!) you always\wanted to tell me  put this as your\status you might be surprised"
ahahaha  smile 
new phone and mumber! text me your numberr  smile 
ignore my lastost   my phone has your <propfirst> already  smile 
my new number is: 905-0954  smile 
i love my family  i love my family  i love my family  - -
hmmmmm     
sleep time! 3 smile 0 is gonna come super fasttt  laugh 
wisconsin here i come!
hmmm    good christmas  time with the extended family went much better than usual  some other things    still up in the air  hmmm   
"i am god, hear me pop!"
interception by colling and packers have won the game!
my head told my heart 'let love grow' but my heart told my head 'this time no'  smile 
just finished my resume! new job here i come!  smile 
is it bad if i want to see <propfirst> vick cry by the end of this game? go packers!
go packers! show them eagles how it's done!
blegh i don't feel good  do i have to go to class?  annoyed 
"let's see   so far i've wanted to go for my bachelor's for photography, and then it was psychology, then poli-sci, then back to photography, and now it's a tie between public relations and chemical engineering    what else will i want to be 'when i grow up'?"
"when i go to a restaurant this is what i like to do: order it, eat it, and beat it   smile "
nothing quite like classic <propmale> n <propfirst> cartoons to go to sleep to smile 
so this mega-cutie who sits next to me in my chemistry class will *not* distract me during class   smile 
"oh, kettle corn you are my one true love  smile "
got up and showered for class only to have a text from the college saying campus won't be open till noon today  fantastic  now i only have my 4(!!!) hour lab today 
we're going to the super bowl! let's go packers!
pinocchio!
hmmm so many things on my mind and no way to e playful ress these thoughts   
loves it when she sees her grandma has 'liked' a status or photo of hers  absolutely hilarious!  smile 
how come i am the only one to have never heard of snow ice-cream?  surprise 
you know there's too much snow when there's like a million people on your chat-list on facebook  - -
just officially had my night made after listening to the green & yellow song by lil' <propmale> (wiz khalifa cover)   good stuff ahahaha smile 
"just thought i'd let everyone know that <propfemale> <propmale>, is a cold-hearted, ice-cream denying jerk "
"i'll admit, i have an extreme dislike for the westboro baptist church and the hatred and close-mindedness they promote  however, i don't think the appropriate manner to deal with them is spewing the same hatred and close-mindedness  the 'eye for an eye' mentallity will accomplish nothing except create even more violence and hate  rise above the hatred so you don't fall down to the level of those you condemn "
"after finding around 30 new songs that i'm gonna obsess over, i think it's time for me to sleep smile "
super bowl!! smile 
touchdown! hell yeah baby! keep it up green bay!! smile 
go pack go! touchdown baby!! smile 
packers? where'd you go? blegh  !
packers won the super bowl!!! wooooooooo!
