3988da566ecc868a945fd7acf49571fe
could use somebody
off to work and i still can't find my hoodie  if you've seen 'im call the dispatch office of missing hoodies and socks  they'll know how to get a hold of me 
feck! it's cold! i still can't find my hoodie 
"first <propmale>, then <propfemale>, then mj, and now <propfirst> mayes?!  i'm gonna stay as far away from 50 as i can!"
"bored, bored, bored   did i mention that i was bored?"
"no matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery "
local area network in australia : the <propfemale> down under 
just got back online with good news! i passed my national boards! yeha
"well, at least nd won today  go <propfemale>!!!"
wants at least on part of my life to go in the right direction
"ok, so, yet again i want to lay a clevland steamer on <propfirst> carols face, but at least my yankees won  not a total loss of a saturday "
"o k  so, once the zombie apocalypse happens  i'm heading to the nearest island that's close enough to mainland  i figure there can only be a finite number of the dead suckers on the island  who's coming with!?"
"alright, i think i'm gonna scratch the whole island thing, instead i need  to know how many people it would take to run a cruise ship"
"yep, first time my bro, sis, and me get together in four years, and i get a cold for the first time in two years yep "
"feeling like poo, but can't afford to not go into work"
the yankees are the world champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!once again no one can compare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!go yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"sis left yesterday, bro left today     back to the usual anticts    save for germany in two weeks"
"just saw 2012  here's the rundown: hour one, <propfirst> cusack cool  funny bratty kids check  woody harrelson cool hour two, everythins blowin up, sweet! hour three, ok i really gotta pee get it over with  end of flick, <propmale> emmerich should be banned for making shitty, long, boring movies "
just found out the one drawback to going to germany for the holiday  gonna miss <propmale> mocharie coming to pcola  damn it!
"made it to germany! i had full intentions of coming here and tearing down a wall, but upon arriving, i found out someone else already did it "
so    much    turkey    not    enough     room   in    stomach     must     keep    eating     but    no    mints   i'll   e playful lode!
"germany trip almost at and end  had a ton of fun playing with my niece, messing with my sis in law, and goofing with my bro  almost wish it didn't have to end!"
i think saying goodbye to the little ones is the hardest part of visiting family 
"well, just got back home from d-land  tired, yet not, ready to get into work, yet not "
"just got my business cards, gift certificates, and some fudge! thanks mom!"
<propmale> is the symbol of the two noblest human efforts: to construct and to refrain from destruction  <propfemale> waugh
"meninges, that's what's on my mind       that and <propfemale> "
"sometimes life sucks, then again, aren't we all gluttons for punishments?"
i'm off to a job interview  wish me luck!
meet and greet interview sad heck  practical: in progress  job offer?     
well the holidays keep getting brighter  heaters broke  yay 
meet and greet interview sad heck  practical interview sad heck  job offer?   check!
"i hope everyone has a most magical christmas morning, may it be the most magical yet "
not really 
perfect time of year to have your heater breakdown
really hates it when i can't get a song out of my head 
"off to work, it's cold outside and i cant find my hoodie  lovely day "
"is cold, lonly, and tired  at least i found my hoodie"
really feckin cold!!!!
heaters fixed! yay
damn heaters broke again
work rocked today!
why is it that i finally have a saturday night off and not one person to <propfemale> out with?
looks like romo's homos are goin down! favre is about to get who dat'd!
"work soft rocked today, glad i finally got somethin to eat!"
just feels like i can't get anything right an it really sucks 
"america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this!!"
just plain give up
things to do today: 1  give the bath a dog  2 throw the wash in a load of laundry  3 carpet the vacuum 4 car out the clean  5 dishes the wash  today backwards feeling is today 
"<propfirst> -  a male friend who is extremely intelligent, funny, kind, and always there for you  they usually plan to do something to better the world like going in to the marines or army  liked by a lot of people and usually very attractive"
"bored, bored, and bored  did i mention that i was bored?"
"well, since i can't find anyone else to celebrate the saints winning the biggest game ever    i'm gonna crash "
yep
just wondering why rejection is the only contant thing in my life 
i need a beer  anyone down?
goin to the trail if anyone is down for some fun!
became a fan of my phone and its plan can kiss my ass
verizon can officially kiss my ass! cause i got me a new phone!
"whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn't anyone who doesn't appreciate kindness and compassion "
"one thing i can't stand is having to wait on other people to do their job, so i can do mine  it's mind numbing!"
"if you believe your sister is amongst god's greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug! i ? my sisters"
ok  so i've decided  1  they need to do a sequel to goonies  2  they really really need to do a remake of clive barker's nightbreed 
"bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, all boring and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy all boring and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy  all boring and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy"
"goin on down to the trail  if ya wanna have some fun, show up"
"is amazed how law & order can suck you into a three hour marathon, just by watching the first 5 mins  of an episode"
just caught a <propfemale> wars reference in an episode of the <propfemale> girls  go team nerd!
information is not knowledge  the only source of knowledge is e playful erience - <propfirst> einstien
"why am i able to go out all night, then wake up at 7 a m  every mornin like nothings wrong? maybe it's just the <propfemale> in my blood "
leave it to my blind ass dog to cheer my day up a bit 
r i p  <propfirst> hopper
"i think i've discovered the secret of life - you just\ <propfemale> around until you get used to it "
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where \there is no path and leave a trail "
good fun and friends at the ballgame last night  now to get over the hangover!
i absolutly love it when the filter in the coffee maker folds over itself and creates a nice lake of coffee and coffee grounds all over my kitchen
just found out i got an unplanned three day weekend  yay 
"two full days off and nothing to do, who wants to <propfemale>"
anybody doing anything fun tonight?
i was just on myspace    that place is a ghost town
this is bull shit
usa! usa! usa! usa!
beer is at it's most awesome after a long day of yard work  hooray beer!
"yay! three day weekend! off to the beach!    no wait, bp ruined the beach "
"wonders why beer doesn't have nutrional info on the cans and bottles like soda does  i know beer makes you smarter, faster, funnier,sexier, and better in bed  i just want to know the levels of each i'm getting "
headed to mellow mushroom for some pie and trivia  want a shot at the title? bring it!
going bowling at 8 at cordova lanes  all you hippies are invited
new best show ever(this week)! archer! danger zone!
<propmale> holt!
rip sparky <propmale>  one of the greatest ever
two words: mothafuckin black ops baby! ok four words
black ops here i come!
just saw a trailer for green lantern and i think i peed my pants a lil
don't you just love it when ur car breaks down a few days before payday
"if you get an email from me @ boozeboy78@yahoo com  it's not me, its a virus  i don't send emails from this account!"
it's a direct conspiracy that the one socket i need to fix my ride is not in the set  bollocks
proper socket for bolt  check  thermostat replacement  check  overheating problem  not the thermostat  any ideas?
fuck the trojans!!!! go <propfemale>! hell of a game  go <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
"r i p  <propfirst> nielsen  one of my comedic heroes  his gift of laughter will be missed, but his work will live forever "
"in my life i have tasted many a beverage  today i have tasted something i would like to untaste forever  that my friends, is bacon flavored soda  who would have thought that two tasty things could not work out so well "
goin to tron at 7 if ya wanna meet up holla
dates are set! phillipines here we come!
"so i heard a rumor that i was getting a late christmas present  wonder if that's true, cause i gots some cold feet "
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower    armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this annoyed "
my phone is out of commision for the moment
"call of duty prayer annoyed \our father who <propmale> in heaven halo is super lame  through c o d  thy will be done on e<propmale>h as it is in my game room  give us this day of steady thumbs, and forgive us for negative k d r as we forgive those who end our killstreaks, and lead us not into claymores but deliver us to victory!!!!!!!!!\-giddy"
"it's kind of refreshing to find out how little you mean to so many, yet how much you mean to so few  which in return, says much about those you surround yourself with "
gonna miss that dog
peace out
"made it to the ak  good thing, cause o'hare can kiss my ass! kids were quite suprised  pics comin soon"
why is it that when a state government goes broke they cut education and first responder programs? i feel instead the public servants should take the first cut  they are after all public servants! instead of keeping their mansions and limos they should make sure that our children are educated and kept safe  sometimes it makes me disgusted to be part of this country 
"i like poooop, and i love my sisters daughter mykala  she's the coolest "
new phone! now to figure it out
six a m  can't get back to sleep can't do anything cause the rest of the house is still sleeping what 2 do 
wish i knew someone up here to <propfemale> with
why bacon! r u not the perfect food? i think so!
wondering wtf is up with psn not letting me open the store
anyone know a good place for a resume template i could use?
"twitter went down for two hours yesterday, so i spent my day calling random people in the phone book telling them what i had for lunch "
why don't you ever see baby squirrels?
"you think their is a braille sign that reads \do not touch\""?"""
"nyquil  the sneezing,coughing,there's a dragon in the kitchen! medicine "
"wish the internet connection in my room was better so i could at least watch a movie, let alone play some cod "
"hall pass, one funny fuckin flick!"
homefront is comin out next week! can barely stand the wait!
for lent i am giving up lent
i have had my fill of teen nik and disney  laugh   thankfully spring break ends on monday 
check this out on g4!
do chinese people get tattoos with english sayings on them?
tried my hand at snowboarding    not so much 
"while messing around with my smartphone, i hit the airplane mode to see what would happen  it's still a phone "
homefront would be the shite if i had a decent tv to play it on  other than that its a pretty badarse game 
hooray st  pats in alaska  3inches of snow and counting  yay 
let's go <propfemale>!!!!!
"if my ceiling fan could hold my weight, i would never be bored again "
is there any reason i shouldn't feel like a complete failure right now?
why is it so difficult to find a feckin job! this has gone beyond ridiculous 
"utterly irritated, annoyed, frustrated "
