7ead5fdf235b3d5244e3baae5d4abf56
i've survived yet another year      what will this one bring?
"<propfirst> just showed me how to do the 'bubble dance'   she said i danced well, now she wants me to <propfemale> her upside down      here i go    "
"according to the weather channel    its 75 deg outside, i actually worked in my garden on <propfirst>  22 !!!!"
please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay  a wish for 2010 is that people understand that being gay is not a disease  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance and equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?
the girls and i already made a snowman      hoping it holds up for the boys when they get out of school   will post pictures when i figure out how    
"not going walking today  wind, flurries, brrrrrrrr "
"wondering if anyone could recommend any engaging, but easy to read books   yes, i've already read \the cat in the hat\"" """
"lady <propmale> jacobson: the states that are suing because they think mandating americans to pay for health insurance is unconstitutional, all have mandatory automotive liability insurance  can we <propfemale> them?"
going to scarborough faire on sunday   so excited!!!!!
is feeling overwhelmed   
<propfemale>'s 1st set of tests came back as normal as it gets   (organs are all functioning well)  our next trick      on to the pediatric gastroenterologist   (tummy doctor)
breathe     just breathe 
back from tummy doctor    oh boy    more lab tests!
endoscopy procedure is possibly on friday for <propfemale>   remaining calm for the moment 
on the way to the hospital for <propfemale>'s tests 
<propfemale>'s procedure is done   on our way home 
i hate waiting for test results          
sometimes getting what you e playful ect isn't a good thing 
"a soldier, sailor, <propfemale>, airman is someonewho, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check made payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including their life  that is an honor, and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copy and paste this    "
"well, we have a diagnosis, now we need a prognosis   and and allergist     and a nutritionist   i'm sure there will be far more -ists that are needed that i can't imagine "
"next stop     allergist   now i have to find one who is trained in the latest techniques   the key is to ask them if they do testing for eosinophilic disease (i e  'patch testing')   who would have thought this would be so darned complicated?  oh yeah, and our pediatrician announced today that he is retiring next month   another doctor that i have to find    "
"i actually had an allergist tell me that the technique i was told was necessary does not exist, but if i would like to make an appointment with him (and pay him for the privilege) he would be happy to work it out with me   um, no!"
yay!  just found allergist that does the appropriate testing needed   they're only 45 <propfemale> away!
"official list of food allergies: cow's milk, shrimp, corn, rice, peas, pork, chicken, turkey, beef, winter squash, summer squash   and soooo many not tested yet \\reminding myself to breathe again "
reminder      cell <propfirst> being released to telemarketing companies this month! you will be charged for these calls  call the national do not call list (888-382-1222) from your cell phone  it blocks your number for five (5) years  you must call from the cell phone number you want to have blocked  pass this along   
"well, so much for passing along reliable information   "
can you say sucker!  i knew you could!  bah!  it's irritating being tricked 
i am the proud parent of three schoolers today   <propfirst> has been released upon the world!
i just received a call from the kindergarden teacher   she was close to tears   <propfirst> and another little girl had just cut their hair   she was really confused when i burst out laughing 
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who   need a little extra help and understanding  by: <propfemale> kennedy"
"all of my windows are open, i have had a challenging weekend training from which i'm excited and rearing to go, my mother and god mother are visiting this weekend and next weekend is the camp out   life is good "
bathroom 
virus email -- sorry all
what is everyone doing tonight with their sweeties?
"holy smokes  i had no idea! fyi-while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change  check at least the first setting  fb defaults to the non-secure setting  re-post for your friends  ***thanks for the tip <propfemale>***"
"ahh, poor sonata   it died in it's sleep   rip car car "
