72c64704cd61bdd1d7a8fda0c653fac0
hopes he doesn't have to dive under any more collapsed bridges for the rest of the summer
's room is cleaning him
"life should consist of wheaties, green tea, and guitar all the time  well, a beach would be nice too but you can't have it all   "
better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day 
non-status-making streak broken  courtesy of <propfemale> n  lopez aka bestest friend in the whole world   love 
five papers   one week   one man   in a world where grades are the difference between life and death    procrastination    rated r for gratuitous swearing 
sleep is for babies
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
about to go manly-camping  it was nice knowing all of you 
"somehow got stuck with the 6 smile 0 am lifeguarding shift    let's see, that's 5 smile 0 region time, and i'm used to going to bed at 3   "
"wants to get away from wabash, so hit me up if you want to <propfemale> out"
"saying you \own\"" a piece of land can't stop me from running on it"""
my baby jumped off her stand and cracked her neck   
"damn you, facebook chat! i'll show you for making me look like a stuttering fool!"
"as a rule, the only things i procrastinate are the things i'm ok with not doing today if i were to die tommorrow"
's mood is solar-powered
"has 99 poplars, but a birch ain't one "
muse was rediculous amazing! i'll probably be deaf for a week  hopefully 
hard work  smile 
"if you didn't succeed, you probably didn't try hard enough"
"no, i didn't quite catch that, <propfirst>  sorry, still not getting it "
"life: less and less of it left ahead of us, more and more of it fading away behind us    and yet there's always now"
trying to find your motivation is like trying to find your glasses
wrapping what seems to be a strained calf   
so it turns out eating an entire box of wheaties and then trying to run 10 <propmale> a half hour later just doesn't work   
"\the time 'twixt six [am!] and now must be spent by [me] most preciously   \"""""
"is finishing off some delicious chocolate ice cream with bananas in it and continuing to leisurely ascend mt  homework, after which he will go to bed nice and early and get copious amounts of sleep"
cross season starts tommorrow  smile 
"just ran a special type of mile in 7:19, and is feeling pretty not bad at the moment"
panic mode = yes
"is staying all the way turnt up, all night "
"\no! not good! stop! not good!    why is the coffee gone?\"""""
hell is empty and all the devils are here!  smile 
is about to make like a tree 
is the ghost runner
"made 90 bucks and a sunburn today    yeah, i'd call it a success"
"in my dreams, i tell crazy stories about all the random awesome things that happen when i'm awake"
runs off his insomnia  who ever heard of sleeping during the summer anyway?
ran 'til his muscles burned and his veins pumped battery acid  how long did that take? 25 <propmale>!
about to run!
guess who ran his first 80-mile week??!
"either the brickyard race was longer than usual this year, or i should start thinking about retirement   "
"crossed the finish line yesterday dehydrated and hypoglycemic after getting lost in the woods and wandering through the trails alone for about two hours  i missed a turn and therefore didn't complete the entire 50 <propmale>, but still finished my first ultramarathon of about 36 <propmale>"
"is \officially psycho\""  smile """
"hurr durr my name is <propfirst> gough and i log into facebook on other people's computers and click the stay logged in box  then the owner of the computer logs on and says \who the fuck are these people sending me friend requests? and why does my home button take me to goof's profile?"""
"and instead of saying you're intersted in men and changing your activities to hobonecking on the weekends, ill just be kind and log off "
just flew 12 <propmale>  high as a kite  laugh 
working: 38 hours per week  running: 15 hours per week  partying: 5 hours per week  truly living in the moment: fucking timeless
"fuck bitches, run <propmale> "
just moved into my house
these massive speakers were totally worth it lol
"found a crumpled fortune on the floor of my new room, assuring me that \it is high time for one of your most promising ideas \"" can't wait!"""
"pepperoni and green peppers, mushrooms, olives, chives"
just done kicking <propfirst> gough's ass in a cross country workout
"sometimes, i can't help but ask myself how much i let the fear take the wheel and steer   "
"18-mile trail run this morning  yeah, i'm feelin' goooood "
's summer <propmale> are paying dividends!
is racing at notre dame tomorrow!
where is my phone???!
just got back from a 20 miler in the dark  everything is right in the world
i found it!
finally broke 10!!!
probably one of the worst weekends ever
you can't see california without <propmale> brando's eyes 
"just stayed up all night writing a paper on, among other things, the cognitive deficits induced by chronic sleep deprivation  hmm   "
nationals     smile 
just had the most ridiculous <propfemale> vu ever  i think i've just been mind-fucked   
some kind of happiness is measured out in <propmale> 
doesn't remeber what he traveled back in time to fix  should've known this would happen   
if i only had a brain   
"christmas break- the time of year when being tired means you get to go to sleep, instead of drinking another cup of coffee  not a bad idea "
thanks for the birthday wishes!!! hope everyone's break is going well 
"feels like <propfirst> sinatra, <propfirst> durden, and maybe even mr  <propmale> (watch out!)"
dude i'm <propfirst> 
's mood is solar-powered 
sleeping is for babies and for people who don't go to wabash
if ihad a sister would she have a c?!??!
"accellerating like a freight train today, but at least i'm on the right track"
rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated
"could be just as satisfied laying in bed, staring at the ceiling for hours, than doing anything else  how many weeks are left?"
is never getting a job  people are going to pay me    just because 
procrastination is running for 21 <propmale> in order to avoid finishing a paper
power's out! the humans are dead 
good things come to procrastinators who wait
"all i want to do is listen to the rhythmic breathing and footfalls on an abandoned roadway in the midday sun, but all i ever hear anymore is tedious clicking under the cold glare of a monitor "
"has a new phone  txt me your number! yeah, that means you!!"
"is a professional matlab programmer, at least for the next 7 weeks"
"imma dawg, imma dawg, imma dawg"
"hustled hard for 50 <propmale> up and down the <propmale>, muddy, itchy, buggy, and generally    cute    bluffs of devil's lake last saturday  props to <propfemale> drapeau and <propfemale> weger for keeping me alive afterwards, even if i did make scary faces at them at mile 45   "
gotta check my fb every second i'm away from my computer     rachel drapeau
so    anyone else have baby fever??
loves life!
<propfemale> drapeau likes to hijack my status  my life is pretty sweet though  smile 
i kick puppies and seals for fun  wink 
