bdf08a9df20ea4508cff99e602ec581b
on facebook for the first time  dont know what im doing  whats up?
started watching new season of heroes    cant stop
has a final tomorrow earlier than he has ever woken up
has a kink in his neck and can't get it out  someone help
its christmas!
didn't realize they say f*** 137 times in district 9 til i watched it with my parents
can't stop eating pistachios
exciting night    watched planet earth then played monopoly
got up in time for breakfast!
effed up his back
wooo! no school!
any ndsu people know if the wellness center is open today?
my car and phone are dead  sad 
"wake up in the morning feeling like tree fiddy got my straps and my shaker, gonna hit planet fitty before i leave, brush my teeth with a bottle of tech cause when i leave for the gym ima plannin to wreck"
my mind was blown when i discovered        
new <propfemale> album 2 14 and new single today!!!1!
season finale tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone elses chat friends online broken? unless i actually have 0 friends online which i find hard to believe
new <propfemale> album = awesome
isitchristmas com     awesome website check it out
"renamed his ipod \the titanic\"" so when i plug it in it says \""the titanic is syncing\"""""
scratch here for todays status  ?????????????????????
psn is down  sad 
telephone music video    wtf did i just watch?
shorts weather tomorrow!
is not a fan of fargo gross tasting water
"you are now blinking, swallowing, and breathing manually "
haha southpark is making fun of all of us
is sick and feels like god took a shit on his soul
lost his mind and voice today
's ipod and headphones both work again after going through the washer and the dryer
i love <propfemale>!!!!!!
is now lifeguard recertified so if your every drowning just send me a message
too much caffiene today
poor cartman
sooo hungry
sooo hot
why am i still up?
i get doe
you're all a bunch of towels!
lost his pencil so he can no longer do hw
eminem is back!
no one is online  wtf friends where are you?
coheed and cambria here i come!
wants to go to 5 concerts in 9 days anyone down?
i think i might have my days and nights backward 
just took a 007 shower
loves french toast and bacon 
has a crush on http annoyed  www facebook com profile php?=743264506
<propfirst> hood friday! who's going with me?
epic concert
the only thing i hate more than cleaning is moving
42 hours
bismarck you are so boring
rip <propfirst> gray
fell in the river tonight
had a good cry today 
operation terminated 
"\if my really tall dad was here he'd have you out of your underwear \"""""
is becoming an audiophile
1 week until soilwork!
wtf rock 30 wtf
just took a 6 5 hour nap
this night will start the exile    run   
misses camp
round 3
dead 
"gaslight anthem, 30 seconds to mars, coheed and cambria, bullet for my <propfirst>, 3oh!3     the hub is awesome"
 annoyed 
asylum
"got two new kitties, but simba is gone  sad  rip"
4 am we meet again
i hear some shitty game comes out tonight
too much homework   
loves ndsu pizza oven
anyone else doing laundry?
"10 episodes today, 24 to go"
i hate labs
needs showtime
trance 
where is everyone?
fuckin crazy concert    bumped into an ani and a <propfirst> in the pit
"all i want is a place to call my own, and mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone"
new atr album!!
fuuu hiccups!!!!!!!!!!!
coheed tonight!!!
next up: four year strong
whats this i hear of bullet being cancelled?
nothing quite like late night circuits
just realized i was doing the wrong physics assignment 2 minutes after it was due
"give a hoot, don't pollute! mmkay"
should probably start my circuits hw
"tearing a hole into another dimension is a tragedy that should have never happened, and as ceo i would like to say we're sorry"
nestea!
is starting a pot of coffee at midnight
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu college i want to go to hp7 tonight!  > sad 
got a little hair cut off
i hate snow
oh shit north korea what have you done   
"got my baby back, i missed you so much"
full and bored
wants it to be sunday night 
the new profiles are so much fun
"dropping out next year due to: diablo 3, uncharted 3, mass effect 3, elder scrolls 5, dead space 2, dragon age 2, deus ex human revolution, portal 2, crysis 2"
so excited for tonight
i hate the letter j  that is all 
hmm   sleep before final or after
roadtrips on the spur of the moment ftw
gsl finals!
too many steam deals!    not going to be able to resist spending all of my money much longer
"just woke up from a 6 hour nap, now wtf am i supposed to do"
has to shift his sleep schedule 7 hours tonight  sad 
didn't really like the godfather 
who lives in bismarck? i'm bored and looking for something to do 
which seat can i take?
swam today!
best shower ever!
