2d55930558ba9decc07b33ceb26fb1e0
"hanging out with <propfirst> boy at republic library  you know that i hate computers and how they update, since mine is never online i always have to go through so many things that take so long and it is really agrivating especially whenever i'm with <propfirst> because "
hanging in barnes and <propmale>   
<propfirst> is sooooo annoying!!!
just sitting at home packing up stuff for the move friday 
kinda don't know what all to pack   
"a little nerves about tomorrow, don't really know what to e playful ect    but my roomies have been great  been hanging out with them so much smile  i think it is the beginning of a beautiful relationship smile "
i am doing great here!!! i love my roomies!!! they are the best i could hope for!!! tuesdays are crazy for me schedule wise  i am so worn out     4 classes today and a managers meeting can do that to you + homework    
is waiting for biology and after to the cardinal's game w  the roomies!!!! rain and cold aren't to bad    it looks like it's clearing up!!! smile 
i miss my physics class from high school  all these classes are boring    physics actually held my interest   
natilie is hallarious    
having a great time hanging out with my room mates!!!
i think i am going to barns and <propmale> tommorow!!! so excited!!! and maybe bass pro???
"feeling sick today    light headed, going from hot to cold flashes, and stomach turning, but no fever yet    and i still get to go to work today   yah!!!"
"feeling sick today    light headed, going from hot to cold flashes, and stomach turning, but no fever yet    and i still get to go to work today   yah!!! oh yes and the ever annoying cough and dry throat    gotta love that!"
just got back from hanging out with arwen and <propfirst>    it was fun  they probably think i am odd but thats okay  i had to resist the urge of tying <propfirst>'s laces to the table and putting tooth paste up his nose when he fell asleep    oh well i sure i'll get another chance smile 
"well today feel relaxed, but that usually means i should be doing something   "
just got back from playing hide and go seek with <propfirst> and <propmale>!!! it was awesome!!! best night yet!!!
dreading my bio lab    not as fun as i originally thought it would be    i think its the instructor    
had a great eventful weekend!!!
took sociology test and is pretty confident about it smile 
feels relieved smile 
new phone today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally!!!!!!!!!!!!
off to the library to do some research   
just got back from an awesome night of nerf gun wars!!!!!
speech is canceled  there is a god      
off to a friends house 
a little drowsy because of the rain but it's nice all the same 
trig canceled  can a girl get any luckier?
down to the basement to do some laundry 
changed my mind food then laundry
hum    procrastinating as usual 
watchin the city with <propfirst> and just hanging out 
just heard owl city and loved it!!!
ah    the good old <propfemale> girls   
feels really tired but is holding out i think 
studying for the bio test   
knows how it feels to be a wet cat!
feeling under the weather  been soaked to the bone twice today  but had fun  jumping in puddles until my lips turned blue 
feels terrible about <propfirst>    its just not fair    it shouldn't be like this 
another gloomy day   
just got back from work  asked to <propfemale> out with some one and got blown off  sleep    who sleeps on a friday night    what's the world coming to?
is sick with a cold and an ear infection 
just got back from the doctors with a lovely ear infection 
gainer is <propfemale> and we have a coat of arms its really cool!
says hi 
is wanting some chocolate!
feels relieved doesn't have to give her speech until next monday!!!
is getting excited about the haunted corn maze going to be aaaaaamazing!!!!!
"is sad that the fall break is over, but enjoyed it while it lasted "
oh boy   
being 19 isn't all that different    and i am happy about it 
i haven't felt this popular in like      a year  smile 
things are slowing down 
had a great day today 
"update: saturday went swimming in a creek!!! yes i went swimming and no i am not psychotic  i was supposed to be a fish  sunday: worked  sad  tonight: went and saw paranormal activity!!!!! it was pretty cool    the way it was filmed was weird, it was worth it   smile "
is bummed out  i have to work on halloween!!!!
is going to be zombie!!!!!!
had a good time <propfemale> wrapping <propfemale>'s car tonight!!!!  smile 
is taking up an old hobby rather seriously 
"just hanging in my room, working on my study guides  kinda bored   "
looking forward to a great night ahead!!!!
is working on some stuff i didn't get done over the weekend    
guess what? i have strep  and i wish i was dead   
isn't feeling the greatest    but really really really wants to go to the chevelle concert    ah    choices are so hard    they only come once and i am feeling better than i was but i am still worn down   
"is not going to the chevelle concert, but instead taking a two hour drive (voleentered) with room mate <propfirst> to rolla to drop suitemate <propfemale> off with her mom  <propfemale> is really sick and needs to go home so    <propfirst> and i are going to drive the extra <propmale> to get <propfemale> home "
is finally back from rolla    god it toke forever!!!!!!!
going to go fix my computer!!!! dropping my baby off with some strangers to be doctored  goind to get some more ram and a graphics card!!!! yah!!!!
just found out that she is in love with skillet!!!
is slightly irritated that my computer is still being worked on    i feel so cut off   
computer still out of commission    stopping in every now and then to check messages 
computer is almost back    only one more day   
finally got her computer back!!!!!!
is off to work    (sigh)
is relaxed beyond belief   
is ready for thanksgiving 
just got back from a big thanksgiving day!
really really wants to go see the blind side tonight and i am going to go  anybody can come with me  i am going regardless 
don't make me do anymore trig    i have had enough    please don't make me do it anymore    i'll do anything!!!!
this next week is going to be loads of fun!!!! studying    studying    and more studying!!!!
my room mate is a weirdo    she is barking at her dog over the phone    yikes   
"just got done with a long day of papers, tests, and finals    and really wants to relax, but is reminded by the finals and countless other things scattered along the calendar next week that relaxing isn't a possibility   "
fire drill!!! right when i was taking a shower!!! are you fing kidding me? this isn't happening   
i feel so burnt out from studying    i can't seem to stay awake  i keep falling asleep everytime i study for more than 5 <propfemale> 
serenity take me now i am done with everything    ahhhh    so nice   
feeling claustrophobic being here in the dorm all day   
you never know how much your going to miss someone till your gone   
loves the veer union!!!!!!!!!!
can't beat blueberry pop-tarts and comic books  smile 
black and white
is having a good time pretending not to be insane  smile 
hum    what do i want to do in the middle of the night? oh i know!! look for <propfemale>'s black tye that fell in the parking lot while we were taking out boxes and trying to stuff them in a space that won't fit    fun fun right?
friday night was the greatest night of my life!!!!
i am looking forward to thursday when i meet up with my mafia  smile 
"maybe i'm missing something, but wasn't snowing just a couple days ago? when did summer show up?"
is glad the weekend is here  smile 
went to bed at 7 last night    that's a first 
"dear snow and frost, get your nimbus a moving!!! yours truely, linz"
yum!!! gotta love those late night vanilla milkshakes   
i love my roomy she brought me mountain dew!!!!
feeling super energized!!!
has had one of the crappiest <propfirst>'s day ever!!!! but some how i am still cracking up about it at the end of the day     smile 
mafia meeting was a hit with the vodka noodle sauce!!!!
 smile 
bring on the rain   
"\would it kill you to try?\"" \""yes    and i am to young to die \"""""
"\   if you're lost-- you can look--and you will find me-- time after time       if you fall--i will catch you--i'll be waiting-- time after time    \"""""
orange stars  smile 
is feeling energized like the pepto-pink <propfemale>!!!!!
"yeah had a great night! nakatos, <propmale>'s, and a midnight tour de south springfield "
jamin' to shania with <propfemale>    oh man it was great  smile 
this morning came too soon   
oh boy here we go   
you can't have your cake and eat it too 
i like it when it's so quiet you can hear your own heart beating   
"   there's a light at each end of this tunnel, you shout 'cause you're just as far in as you'll ever be out and these mistakes you've made, you'll just make them again if you only try turning around   "
starting off a great day yet again!
 playful 
who watches blade at 8am in the morning before they go to chemisty? honestly   
is a little sad that the <propfemale> day is coming to a close   
had an awesome time in st  <propfirst>! can't wait to find another reason to go back  smile 
is starting to realize just how hard time management can be   
gotta love watchin <propfemale> cheeks dancing to abba in sonic drive-thru at 1 am      smile 
<propfemale>!!!!
things are going great!!!  smile 
"is rummaging through her frig for a midnight snack    spots a low fat cottage cheese container says, \low fat? what the hell is that doing in there?\"" then a holy light shines down through the five stories of hammons in to the container revealing the most delicious chocolate cover strawberries she's ever seen    (yummy)"""
thinks that she feels more energized after she works out and is wondering if that's bad or not???
is excited about going to st  <propfirst> friday!
"red team go red team go!!!! hey <propfemale>    they only have sprite in bottles is that cool? great! luv ya, bye   "
hippo!!!!!!! i saw a hippo!!! it's name is hippy! my new best friend is a pyton named <propfemale>!!!
internet is finally back!!!
getting ready for a busy weekend 
is already tired of being sick   
"just got moved in to wells house    didn't take as \long as i thought   smile  go less packing stuff i don't need! lesson learned \from last year!"
"oh abnormal psychology, how we were meant to be      "
is thankful for poka-dotted rubber boots! and for puddles to jump in!  smile 
"\who cares if you disagree? you not me! who made you <propmale> of anything? so you dare tell me who to be? who died and made you <propmale> of anything?\"""""
just finished the longest abn  psyc  test ever and feels complete relief   
was smashed between two car saturday night and rushed to the er 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
is really wanting to buy a nook!!!!!
"there is no greater satisfaction than giving your boyfriend a pie in face!!!! oh wait, there is, giving him 2 pies in the face!!!! wahahahahaha"
saw this new preview for this movie called sucker punch    i'm kinda interested 
<propfirst> castle!
praying for a snow day!!!
"not going to my 9 smile 0 class this morning  feeling some nausea  but i am going to get some of my homework done, so i am not so bad, am i?"
"just went through the tunnel of oppression: pretty intense, a real i opener "
cherry smile 
