5cd45392b89c046db847b4632702a028
damn  partys over and im not even tired lol  playful 
omg is it really already 2011!? time surre does fly!  surprise 
doesnt the first day of the year feel so weird lol?  playful 
has the most amazing boyfriend on earth  smile  im so lucky
glad i broke up with him!! it was kinda hard after being together for 2 years  sad  but its totally worth it though  wink 
just got done helping with red beans and rice  onions dont make you cry they just make your nose really stuffy!!
had a pretty good day for a monday  smile  im suuper tired though  i got my progress report im a straight a student again lol  i had alot of f's before  ima nerd  love 
why is he doing this to me does he realize how much he is hurting me? i hate this feeling  it will never be the same i know it     sad 
cant wait till this weekend! ;p  love 
if any of you gotta myspace add me!!  love 
ugh ive never had an alergic reaction in my life!! i didnt think i was alergic to anything this sucks!  sad 
ugh i had the most boringest weekend in my life  sad 
the school took my phone till april now they makin it may 10th fuck this school and its stupid rules the teacher deserved to be flipped off i didnt have it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ughh cant go to sleep  sad  cant get this freakin drama off my mindd
"ahh at times like this i wish i had my cellphone lol i need to get out of this house im gonna go crazy!! dear country,, i hate you  indecision "
he is so confusing he keeps messing with my head i hate this  but for some reason i cant let him go fjdiwkohag  sad 
happy easterr! i love spring and all but my allergies are kicking my butt!!
tryin to down this energy drink so i can stay up all night  smile 
today i found out that claratin and a rock <propfemale> energy drink do not go well together  how am i suposed to know  sad  my vision got all blurry and everyone made fun of me  sad  bah hopefully tomorrow is a better day
i hate waiting for answers i want to knoww!!
yay weekend  smile 
weekend hurry up pleasee  smile 
i hate hospitals  indecision 
tired  sad 
"atleast i get to stay home, i wish i didnt hurt though  crying "
blahh  idk if i should go to school tomorrow  im going to have so much work to do  sad 
&hearts;
weekend finallyy  love 
glad i didnt have to take the biology state test today  smile  i got algebra wednesday though  screw math!
yay!  playful 
he is so childish he cant get mad just cuz he dont get his way  indecision  ughhh some guys are so complicated!
im not gonna let him ruin my night  smile 
had the best weekend everr  love 
wow i cant believe how fast time flies!!  love 
i got an award but the stupid as school forgot to invite me to the awards ceremony i wanted to dress out  sad  oh well i cant wait till monday i finally get my phone back after 3 months yayy its been so hard without it lol 
happy mother's dayy  smile   love 
ugh cant wait till summer so i can just get away from this
cant wait till the weekend  love 
had know idea the end of the year would be this freakin hardd  sad 
a little nervous about my speech tomorrow  sad 
6 more days till summer!!!!!! yeeah!  love 
god what am i doing lol?!? luckily  one more week till summer beginss!!
bored at school  idk how to get mobile text things from this the stupid thing wont work!
i feel so dumb   
last full day of school  smile  i cant wait to get out of here!!
i hate drama and i hate two faced people ughh  sad  and to make things worse i had 30 dollars on my phone now i got 3 wtf!! stupid verizon wireless lol
so freakin glad its summer!!!!  smile  just have to do a couple exams next week and im freee!  love 
guys can be so complicated lol  playful 
i am such a procrastinator  annoyed  i hate exams!
  blah  annoyed 
 love   smile 
school is officially ooover!!! yeeah! i've mad a bunch of awesome memories with my fellow sophomores this year  wink  and now were juniors! class of 2012 babyy  love 
ughh this is such bad timing!!  heart-broken 
omg i hate my phone  sad  hopefully it will stop being stupid tomorrow  sad 
"i wonder which one would hurt the most: saying something and wishing i didnt, or saying nothing and wishing i did?  sad "
i so cant wait till i get back  i definately have a surprise for him! ;p
wow colorado is so pretty! i havent been here in 10 years! i miss all my friends in mississippi though  smile   love 
pancakess  love 
wow i never thought id get in this much trouble    annoyed  blah 
trying to get a job at taco <propfemale>  smile 
ugh i hate drama  its summer time i dont need this right now   indecision  blahh
things that make you go hmmmmm  playful 
 love    smile   $
might be visiting yellow stone national park thursday  smile 
six flags today!  smile 
went to six flags  but it rained on us  annoyed  i was so cold!
i hate hard desicions );
"this time baby, i'll be  bulletproof!!  wink "
"<propfemale> i got my hair cut, and i dyed it  wink  ill post pics <propfemale>n!  love "
i hate him  frowny 
omg the mall here is like my new best friend lol 
i managed to get my parents to watch american pie with me haha  woww 
"got a <propfemale> yesterday  smile  she is the cutest thing ever! but idk what to name her yet  any ideas? its white, black, and grey!"
boo 
gotta go and hold up some sign for great clips by the street for hours  annoyed  ug greeat  flip side: atleast im making money lol~
ugh i lost my damn phone  so if you texted me thats why i didnt answer!  annoyed 
wish i was back in picayune kinda  sad  school already started there though 
i miss all of you );
the dance last night wasnt too bad after all  smile  besides the fact that someone threw an open waterbottle at me  annoyed  thank god it was only water lol 
ba ba boom  love  cant wait till the 30th!  smile 
 love 
yayy sweet 16  smile  <propfemale> freakin happy!
auditioning for a play tomorrow  im <propfemale> nervous! wish me luck!
moving again  ugh  maybe i shouldve just stayed in mississippi after all i cant take this  sad 
 smile 
wow haha
who dat lol  smile 
i really need someone to talk to right now  i cant believe this   sad 
cant go to school till the 17th  wtf dude 
wondering what ima do on my week off lol 
gotta find something to do i refuse to sit on my ass and be bored all day haha
just sitting here   watching my cat <propmale> bubbles   i should be in 6th period  annoyed 
so what if i like to put smiley faces in every text  smile 
why do some people have to be two-faced? ugh 
really really nervous for tomorrow i feel horrible
omg i got so lucky  so freakin happy right now  i get to stay in school   smile 
i have so much makeup work to do idk if ill ever catch up  sad 
totally awesome  smile 
wow what a douche haha
fuck lost my phone
"(>'_')>#  i was gonna give you this waffle \\#<('_'<)  but then i was like,\\(>'#'<)  i'm hungry!\\(>'_'<)  so i ate it   \\(>^-^<)"
"dear weekend, pleease turn out to be totally awesome!!  love   love "
 annoyed 
*maybe ill like it if you make me a sandwitch* button 
brrr!! i almost miss mississippi weather!! im freezing my butt off!
had an interview with carls jr  today! i really really hope i got the job! i was so nervous!  laugh 
ugh  annoyed 
"ah, just got my hair cut again  annoyed  ill post pics later, i hope yall think it looks okay cuz idk!"
im not sure what to do now! ah! d:
weekend pleeease hurry!
nejdfsgkhrujfir  annoyed  frustrated!
"i really, really, really hate being bored    annoyed "
cloudy days make me feel gloomy  kiss (
   
i have a dress   and a ticket   for homecoming  not sure if im going though  annoyed   
cant wait tilll saturday!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  still unsure of what ima do though  annoyed  i really hate choosing!
 annoyed 
chipotle  laugh   love 
t minus 5 hourss  laugh   laugh 
missed it  annoyed 
rawr  playful 
w00t!  laugh 
omg might be getting a phone fiinally!!  laugh 
had a pretty good day i suppose    smile 
where does the time go?!
some people can be so mean  sad 
so  bored    sad 
omg onions make my eyes water <propfemale> bad!
<propfemale> for halloween?  _ 
pumpkin spice latte to keep me warm in this freezing weather!  love 
= joyful =
 love 
yay bought a new hoodie  laugh  my new best friend  love 
got 150 for selling my gold!!!  surprise 
not sure if im celebrating haloween tonight or tomorrow night  surprise 
got a phone again!!! so keeping track of it this  time  like peanut butter on jelly  surprise 
happy haloween!!!  smile 
two hours of sleep    i cannot wait until this day is over with
omg ridiculously happy right now  smile  ahh!!
hmmm   friday hurry up please!  smile 
 playful 
wtf they shut limewire down after some dumb court case! *just now realizing this* now i cant download music anymore ;_;
ah the feeling you get when you've just got done shopping!  smile 
so daylight savings time just totally made my day alot better!  smile 
ive never had to stay up till 2 before haha  usually its get your buttttt to bed!! hmm what to do lol  no school for me tomorrow!
i'm kinda starting to miss the simplicity of the south  sad  everyhings always so stressful up here! i miss you guys!  annoyed 
"as long as it's okay with you, i think i'll stay right here  cuz i got no where to go and where to go is up to you dear   smile "
i officially hate relationships right now haha   annoyed 
 annoyed 
haates when you have something to do but you get stuck watching tv haha!
today feels like a monday  annoyed 
 smile !
&& friday night has just begun  playful 
kick ass is an awesome movie lol  smile 
"didn't get much sleep this weekend, but boyy was is worth it  playful        #all nighter!"
yayy monday!! (sarcasm)  annoyed  fmll
"decisions, decisions!! whyy!  annoyed "
   not exactly in a school work kinda mood today  ill work tomorrow  annoyed  haha i say that everyday  
school is <propfemale> aggravating!  annoyed 
 smile 
who's having a good day so far??  smile   smile 
so i just got up from too long of a nap and totally thought it was 8 smile 0 am and i started freaking out cuz i thought i missed school haha  fail!
so some little punk thought they could get away with stealing my cell phone  :i luckily i got it back but ooh when i find out who did it ima be pissed lol 
we're only human 
i know i'm a good person dammit and i'm not gonna let anybody tell me different   sad 
w00t! house to myself haha  laugh 
 playful 
happy turkey dayy facebook  smile 
four words    hot tub time machine! absolutely hilaarious ;p
"dear bed,, im so sorry i had to leave you so early!! i will be back sooon!  surprise  grrr black friday!"
probably shouldtve went shopping with my mom haha  she couldnt get me any presents haha  annoyed 
dammit got bleach on my new sweater  sad 
its snowwing!!!  smile  i havent seen snow in years!!  smile   smile 
the texture of marshmallows make me smile ^-^
tired!  sad 
i'm gonna snow a throw ball at you! :i
bored in astronomyy  not as interesting as i thought  annoyed 
tgif!!
 smile 
what's on my mind? you!  smile 
insanne in the membranee (;
hairs back to its aturl colorr  wink  pics soon! good day  smile 
i found a new love  surprise  pumpkin pie ice cream! yummy!  smile 
i sent a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house    did ya get it?  smile  sln
night! =^-^=
 annoyed 
just got done playing tackle football  smile  now icecream to add the calories i burned back on haha  playful 
tiredd ~_~ had to go to the er today  annoyed 
"im switching out this class asap, some stupid sophomores need to grow the hell up "
gonna get either my nose pierced or my lip pierced  which do you think?  smile 
tiredd  test next period too  annoyed  and im so not ready  ughh 
omfg its friday  smile 
like 4 of my friends statuses said they feel like their head is gonna e playful lode  somethins up cuz i feel the same way!  surprise 
mom: did you go to school today!?! me: uh    no its sunday  mom:      oh  (thats how my day started lol  playful )
goodnight fb  smile 
"stop! dont touch me therre  this is, my no no square   laugh "
omgg exams start tomorrow  sad 
ugh  annoyed  im so tired  but i gotsta stay up and study  annoyed  
so my astronomy final wasnt too bad i guess  annoyed  im still nervous about how i did 
i wanna go to a rave ;p
playing wii in the middle of wal mart  smile  good times!
i hate exams  sad 
gotta do a review for my history exam  55 questions left  sad 
omg got an 81 on my exam im so happy right now haha  smile 
"just got done with my last final, english  annoyed  it was hard as shit lol  oh well atleast its finally over!!"
schools out!  smile  but ima miss seeing all my friends there!
"here we go again, i kinda wanna be more than friends  playful "
omg dont you hate when parents over react? i hate when parents over react!  annoyed 
=p
ahh  laugh  the feeling of not having to worry about school tomorrow is amaazing!
had a really really good day  wink 
i feel like doing something crazy  laugh 
the <propfemale> hasnt changed a bit  sad 
i feel like writing a poem   playful 
i got jesses girl stuck in my head!  annoyed  damn walgreens music haha 
our e playful eriences shape who we are i think  playful 
i'm the happiest girl in the world when i'm around him  love   smile 
blowing up peeps in the microwave lol  playful 
concert food is e playful ensive!  surprise 
so the trans siberian orchestra concert wasnt as bad as i thought lol 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> facebook  smile  t minus 12 hours!  playful 
<propfemale> christmas facebook!!! i hope everyone gets what they wanted  wink 
had a great time opening presents  smile  now food!
shit lol just got up  was on the phone with sissy for 5 hours! god i miss her!  sad   sad 
so happy to be alive right now ^-^ make a wish 11:11  playful 
ugh i cant stand guys who use girls   annoyed 
not a good day so far  annoyed 
c:
not feeling too good :[
making a snowman  playful 
grand theft auto never gets old lol 
great  my cat's prego lol  annoyed  happy new years <propfemale>!
2010 has definately been a life changing year for me 
fuck i hate being bored lol 
maybe its not my weekend   but its gonna be my year 
blarg -_-
nooooo last day of break  sad  <propfemale> not ready for school tomorrow 
"\tigers are like big kitties on acid!\"" <-- my mom lol """
zombie mode lol  so not used to getting up this early!  surprise  energy drink time!
i hate seating charts!  annoyed 
dude   today is going by <propfemale> slow!  surprise 
"omg i was so gone in 7th, im glad i got checked out haha!  surprise "
" smile  dude, school sucks "
today was horrible    sad 
cant wait to move back to mississippi in may    annoyed  night fb
score! got the bofriends sweater lol ;p
i have a feeling this is gonna be a boring night  lol 
actually had an okay weekend! ;p
feelin pretty good today  smile 
yayy  smile  two hour delay! im <propfemale> going back to sleep lol 
i feel like a horrible person    sad 
make a wish  smile 
 sad 
bored
idk what to do  sad 
is it friday yet!
chillin  smile 
i seriously feel like i fucked up  
fuck this 
nap time haha
i live for the weekends 
