8bd3ffd66d577746ae1fcb419828bc9b
wow   enough with the wind already!
"hi-ho, hi-ho, it's back to work (after 16 days off) we go! i hope my room's not an ice cube - hi-ho, hi-ho, hi-ho   okay i'll stop  playful "
is relieved and <propfirst> r  knows why!  laugh 
"one more week and i'm finished my master's!!! also, one more week until i have time to make something for dinner that does not include chicken nuggets or tater tots  or pizza  i like to diversify  laugh "
has four more projects to do and the motivation of a slug  that is all 
is going to go do something besides homework for a while   
"i have no idea what i am going to do with myself tomorrow, or this week for that matter   i  love  my job this time of the year : ) something tells me i'll find something to keep me busy (maybe!) "
"well i was getting sick of all the <propfirst> <propmale> coverage, until   live, from snl --oops, i mean alaska -- there's next week's news in a nutshell  playful "
is in nj nyc for the week   here's hoping that i get there in one piece (it'd be nice ;-o)
"debating whether or not i want to go roast in my classroom again tomorrow  if i go, it's going to have to be early before it gets too stuffy!"
and the countdown begins   i'm nervous just thinking about next friday  yeesh 
is trying to teach myself how to podcast  it could happen 
"is back to reality in less than 12 hours  summer, i hardly knew ye "
ready or not   
"1 day down, 179 more to go  however, my kiddos = awesome "
"i think i can, i think i can   "
"\made\"" a smartboard   and it works!"""
"please, oh please, let the cherubs be good for the substitute tomorrow!"
is still cranky from sitting in a long meeting   all  day  long 
"looks like education threw up all over my living room   welcome to sunday evening at my house  it's a wonder i haven't been voted off the \island \"""""
"has a \date\"" with my lesson plans and grey's anatomy  the two of them are just going to have to compete with one another for my undivided attention """
"can't wait to read the journal junction comments tomorrow about the bond passing  you know there's bound to be a few good \zingers\"" in there compliments of that fabulous 37 percent   """
chocolate always makes it better  so does having 26 awesome cherubs this year  just need to put their equally awesome talking to good use 
"i think i can, i think i can   "
"is going to go turn my brain off, for a few hours anyway   "
"is a <propmale> writing fool   well, i prefer to use the term \fool\"" loosely : p"""
is going to go curl up on the couch with my laptop and think of ways to put my room on lockdown   
it's cold 
"is excited about her mimio, the more i read about it   "
"believes in sharing, except for germs   "
"rain, rain, go away - and take the cold with you!!!"
fridays always do me in   gonna go sit down before i fall down   
"taught myself how to \blue screen\"" (like green screen) in movie maker! too cool!"""
"is, amazingly after today, still standing  praying that i continue to have an immune system made of steel   "
"oh my  what a day, what a day  at least i can breathe now "
just wants everyone to be healthy!!!! what a week ; p
is going to attempt to do everything i wanted to do this past week but felt too crappy to do in the next 48 hours  you've been warned 
"is too exhausted to do anything except, well, be exhausted "
national board certification = aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!! come on (next) tuesday!!!
"2 more days, then it's turkey time!!!"
" love  <propmale> turkey break, sad to see it come to a close   but just think, in 3 1 2 weeks, we get to do it all over again! not that i just count<propmale> how long until then  or anything "
"come on, old man winter, show us what you've got : - )"
it''s snowing!!! i might actually survive this week after all : d
7 more days   and not a flake in sight!!!
five more days  that's all i have to say about that 
would like to know who gave me this stinkin' cold as an early christmas present  i'd love to regift 
"dear santa: that big ol' snowstorm i requested needs to come on a weekday, not weekend  just wanted to clarify "
cherubs + looming winter storm + christmas **insanity** =    you do the math  jingle all the way!!!
is up early to enjoy my (at least) 3 day weekend 
"fingers crossed that we don't have to deal with the combination of \christmas craziness\"" and \""snow day silliness\"" on tuesday   """
"is becoming the <propfirst> trump of <propmale> writing, just with (much) better hair  just got another one through the education alliance in charleston to do a spanish language project with my cherubs, bringing this year's grand total in <propmale>s to   $5000  surprise      and now, this \lazy\"" teacher is going to go back to enjoying her extended holiday break  adios!"""
"is so, incredibly tired   "
pink
two hour delay   better than nothing : )
well   today can't be any worse than yesterday  hopefully 
two hour delay + no starbase field trip due to two hour delay + disgruntled cherubs for obvious reasons = please let this day be quick and painless   
my brain   it hurts 
"it's doppelgänger week! during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous (actor ,musician, athelete) you have been told you look like for the week   "
"is not a fan of winter weather treachery, particularly on the weekends   if i'm going to be held hostage in my own home by a bunch of snowflakes, it better be mon -fri "
berkeley county schools have a 2 hour delay tomorrow!!! happy monday!
   and then it snowed 
this is the best winter ever!  laugh 
   so i guess you've heard it's going to snow (again) 
snow on da' ground     snow on da' ground      drivin' like a fool wit da' snow on the ground    look at ya now - car spinnin 'round     drivin like a fool wit da' snow on da ground!!!    slow it down      den copy -n- paste - n- pass it around    ?
is glad the snow-pocalypse appears to be exiting stage right  i think this will hold us over for a while ;-d
7-14 more inches?!?! sn-oh-my-goodness   
"gives the new fb format a big ol' \f \"""""
no is day on monday!
"oh goody, more snow   that groundhog will be lucky if he's not an endangered species next year "
"once upon a time, i went to this thing called a job, and i think i did something along the lines of, i don't know, teach   sorry the blinding whiteness outside is making everything a little fuzzy   hope i still remember how to get there tomorrow  playful  just kidding!  playful "
   and it's only monday 
is crazy tired   what else is going to happen this week?! guess this is the downside to having two weeks out of the loop   
is exhausted  that is all 
stressed out  that is all 
what  a  day 
hasn't taken a sick day from work in 5 years   but this way very well be the week i break my streak   
worst day ever 
mailed the box  it's a long story 
"okay   something is up   ever get the feeling that people are trying not to tell you don't want you to know about something   um, yeah   "
wow  that is all  watch nbc25 tonight at 5! you might see me!
"happy easter \peeps!\"""""
"hey, on the bright side, we have (less than) two months left! we can do this! right???"
is hoping for an uneventful day  please 
friday!!! it's almost here!!!  laugh 
is 28  thanks for the birthday wishes everybody!
had a wonderful monday (*cough* 34 more days *cough wink    hoping this is the start of a wonderful year 
"is resting up for a looooong week!!! full <propfemale> on wednesday, teachers - brace yourselves!!!  laugh "
 love  friday  love  in t minus 40 minutes!!!
yea! it's may!
21 more days  that is all 
"oh my   what a year, what a year   "
something about having this week over with makes me feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders  i guess the hard part is over   westest here we come 
rainy days and mondays   
"things, they are a changin'   "
"is doing some deep thinking that i did not plan on having to do  ever  i mean, not that i don't think deeply about things, but   never mind "
"back and forth, back and forth   "
 sad 
needs a hug 
 love  s days like today! they make the other 179 worth it!!!
this roller coaster of a year has finally come to a halt  what a ride it has been 
rest in peace senator byrd 
is in illinois from sun - sat  have fun at starbase teacher peeps  i'll miss you!
"is home  what an awesome week  will share more later after i \recharge \"""""
is praying for a good year 
air show = awesome!
soooo glad to be home!
is enjoying not being a basketcase this year  surprise 
"\all children are gifted  some just open their packages sooner than others \"""""
is laying on the couch like a big ol' blob   
sleeeeeeepy   feels like this week is going super slow 
"wow   today felt like a friday  actually, so did yesterday   "
"vote \yes\"" for the levy   because we're worth every <propfemale> (and then some)   """
hmm   days off in the middle of the week like this put me in the mood for a   do i dare say it   *snow day*
"\you used to be much more   'muchier ' you've lost your muchness \"" - mad hatter"""
needs a weekend from my weekend : |
thinks this is the longest week ever 
i am a national board certified teacher!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is not thankful for my stinkin' rotten cold 
do i hafta go to school tomorrow? isn't there some giant snowstorm on the horizon or something ; ) ?
"if it's going to be this cold, this dark, and this damp, then it needs to snow - preferably in copious amounts "
i  want  snow 
three       more        days          
"can't believe all that has happend in the last 365 days   adios to the second most trying, stressful year ever (for me anyway)  bring it on 2011!"
:-s
got snow?  wink 
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
"is not of fan of the weather channel, accuweather, weather bug, et <propmale>  at the present  wrong again, weatherguys girls "
"decisions, decisions   "
there's no business like snow business like no business i know : )  : )  : )
"only i could be away from school germs for 5 days and still manage to get sick  boo on you, stinky cold "
bcs are closed
was not thrilled to find a slightly busted tail light on my car after school : (
so tired and not a flake in sight   
well   it was a great week   
bcs two hour delay tomorrow
: )  that is all
must   get   motivated   
is going to huntsville this summer!!!
has a lot to do  starting to wish that groundhog would have seen his shadow   
so far this week i've had surprise flowers and a surprise lunch   aren't you all worried about me getting a big head?  wink 
watching the hummingbird cam and thinking about how precious every life is - no matter how small 
mondays make me sleeeeeepy   
