3043706067e5483039a7a29ee9504cca
wants to do something but doesn't know what 
just had a great time doing crafty things with <propfemale>!
"finally has some pictures on facebook other than \tagged\"" photos"""
just went jogging   it was waaaaay too hot!!  going to go cool off in the pool now!
is sad that <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett died today 
"is excited that it is friday, and i will actually get to see <propmale> for more than an hour a day for a few days!!  yeah!!"
is going to see transformers 2 this morning   then a birthday party   then a baby shower   busy day!!
"just got home from the er   my dad was in a motorcycle accident with my cousin   they are both fine, but are very bruised, and my dad broke his shoulder bone   praise god that's all that happened!!"
is very happy that my dad doesn't have to have surgery after all!!  woohoo!!
"got some blackberries at the store, and they do not taste good  surprise (  sad cause i love blackberries!"
is having one of those days where you try to convince yourself that one cuss word would be okay    can i start today over?
"'s day is better so far   i've only been awake for 20 minutes, though  surprise )  it's going to be a great day today!  i will take extra caution to not be so clumsy   lol!!"
is 26 for the next 365 days  surprise )
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes yesterday!
"is excited to go <propfemale> out in bellevue today with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, kassi, <propfemale>, and anyone else who is going!!  woohoo!"
"went hiking today!  it was very fun and beautiful, but it was also very tiring!"
is headed to church!!
"says, \sleep sweet everybody!\"""""
"whenever i'm about to do something, i think, 'would an idiot do that?' and if they would, i do not do that thing "
can't wait to <propfemale> out with little <propfemale> tomorrow!!
feels energetic and tired at the same time   how is that possible??
can't wait to get into the pool    it is sooooo hot outside!!
spent 4 1 2 hours in the pool today   is that too long??
woke up at 3am and did not fall back asleep 
"thought she lived in washington   apparently she lives directly on the equator of the sun!  yes, i'm complaining "
is going for a jog because it's actually cool enough!!
just saw the movie funny people    i do not recommend this movie 
is excited for the dove reunion today!!!
woke up at 5 and could not get back to sleep  surprise (
went blueberry picking today with <propfemale>!  thinking about making blueberry muffins   i'm hanging out with jaden right now and watching the little mermaid   i love her (jaden) sooooo much!!!
"thinks her husband is cute   i told him he was my favorite, and he said that i was his favorite too   then he said, \you're my second favorite too \""  he's learning well from all these chick flick movies i make him watch to come up with a line like that all on his own!!  lol!"""
"just found out that she's going to be moving out of state - scary, sad, and exciting all at the same time!"
"please pray for <propfemale>'s great nephew, <propfirst>!  he was in an accident and is now in surgery for a head trauma   thank you so much for praying!"
is going on a trip to reno tomorrow to check out her future surroundings!  fun!
is back from visiting reno!  missed everyone!
absolutely hates bloody noses! especially when she has them in the middle of the night!
just sold her car!!  praise god!
"is back from visiting southern oregon   so everyone knows, <propmale> and i decided reno is where we are moving for sure   oregon had pretty parts, but we both just weren't feeling it the same as when we visited reno "
's official moving date is next sunday night the 22nd  surprise (  will miss everyone a lot!!
been watching the cutest puppy in the world for like a day so far   having her live with me for a week to see if i want to keep her - i think i may just give in  surprise )  she likes to cuddle!  how do you compete with that?
is sad cause she's not going to be able to keep the puppy she's been watching afterall  surprise (
"is happy that the root beer she spilled everywhere in her purse last night (yes, i said in her purse) didn't ruin anything important!  yeah!!  bible survived  camera survived   phone survived   makeup even survived "
"is getting ready to clean the entire condo - cupboards, blinds, refrigerator, oven, whatever else you can think of - yuck "
"we leave tomorrow night for sparks, nv   if i missed <propfemale>ing out with anyone, i'm really sorry  surprise ( everyone is welcome to stop by at the condo tomorrow before we leave to <propfemale> out  there won't be food cause everything is packed up   we're going to church, then picking up the u-haul, and then packing and getting ready to leave   we should be at the condo around 2 smile 0pm or so   if you need our address, let me know "
is very sad
aaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  this is so hard!
can't wait until she has internet at home and she can actually spend more than a couple minutes catching up with everyone   should have it a week from today  surprise )
has internet!!
's computer broke - looks like i'll only be able to get online when <propmale> is home until we can get a new computer - lame!!!!
is happy that her computer isn't broken after all!!
"it's snowing, and i'm not sure how i feel about that? it's very pretty but also very cold  according to weather com, it's 18 degrees out but it feels like 8 degrees  those temperatures aren't supposed to exist!!"
"it is 13 degrees out right now - how is the snow supposed to melt in 13 degree weather?  oh, and tonight, it's supposed to get as low as 4 degrees   there are no exclamation points in this status report because i don't want anyone to mistake my disgust for excitement    surprise )  miss you all!  (exclamation intended for importance)  should be in washington in like 12 days!  (exclamation intended for excitement)"
can't believe christmas is so near - <propmale> and i haven't even started shopping!
"it's too snowy out to go looking for a church   we figure too many people won't go, and therefore, we won't get an accurate e playful erience which we definitely want in picking a new church   we did a bible study, and we're going to watch e playful erience church service at 11!!  miss you guys, and wish i was there for real  surprise )"
"will be home not today, not tomorrow, not the next day, but the one after that!!!  yeah!!"
i'm going to be home tomorrow!!!
"thinks it is very lame that <propmale> probably has to go to redding, ca for a couple days to fix something   this is supposed to be our vacation!!  i'm not happy about this "
is happy <propmale> doesn't have to leave afterall!
"gets to see <propmale> today!!  i'm so excited!  wish i was seeing him in wa state and that i wasn't leaving everybody else, but my excitement is overriding that right now  surprise )  will miss you all, but will be back in june!"
made it home safely and is now home with her <propmale>  surprise )
 surprise )
i did the macarena with my dog in a hole because big bird told me to and he's my leader
"wishes <propmale> was home right now!!  luckily, he'll be home a little later today  surprise )"
is happy that <propmale> had a 3-day-weekend but sad that he has to leave today
wants someone to come visit her  surprise )
it snowed   again 
"is going grocery shopping today and to find the library, and i'm very excited!"
"you light my path, you show the way, you are my truth in unsure days   you know my heart, you feel my pain, and i will forever know you are my god "
lost starts in less than a week!!  i am so excited!!
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons
can i just say that prayer is awesome!!!
i'm so excited!!  i can't believe lost is only hours away!!  these are going to be longest hours of my life waiting for it to start!  i need to find something to do until then!!
"\i'm sorry you had to see me like that \""  excited and sad that i have to wait another week to see lost again  surprise )"""
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"is going to san <propfirst> with her bippa tomorrow!  talk about traveling far for a date!  next week he'll be in oregon   so close to home   he'll be as close as <propfirst> for one of the days   maybe another time he goes up there, i can go with him and then rent a car to go visit for a day or two?  that would be cool!"
"woke up at around 5 smile 0am this morning and could not get back to sleep!  lame!  i'm really tired, and may have to take a nap in a little bit  surprise )"
great game!  the commercials were a bummer though   only a couple good ones  surprise (
to celebrate valentines day ~change your picture to you and your spouse significant other  make sure you put how long you have been married together  ***<propmale> and i have been together for about 5 1 2 years and have been married for just over 3 1 2 years! (july is our wedding anniversary)
"was surprised with a dinner cruise on lake tahoe!!  it was a really fun e playful erience, and lake tahoe is absolutely beautiful!  thank you so much bippa!  i love you!!"
"just purchased our plane tickets for june!  <propmale> will be home from june 19th through june 27th, and i will be home from june 19th through july 3rd!!  woohoo!!"
it's snowing a lot
loves her husband a whole lot!  i can't wait until he comes home on thursday!
lost was awesome tonight!  something happened that supported a previous theory of mine!  we'll see!
"give me one pure and holy passion   give me one magnificent obsession   give me one glorious ambition for my life   to know and follow hard after you   to know and follow hard after you   to grow as your disciple in your truth   this world is empty, pale, and poor compared to knowing you, my lord   lead me on, and i will run after you   lead me on, and i will run after you "
just got a new phone - i think it's called the intensity?  very nice to not have a razor anymore  surprise )
did bikram yoga today (yoga in a really hot room) and surprisingly really liked it!  i've never sweat that much in my life though   going back tomorrow  surprise )
will miss <propmale> (the best dog in the world)   praying for the lazzuri family   love you guys!
"\sometimes you can just hop in the back of someone's cab and tell them what they are supposed to do  other times you have to let them look at the ocean for a while \""  -- i am sooooo excited for lost!!"""
don't forget to spring forward tonight  surprise )
"went with her husband to sacramento and san <propfirst>!  we walked around old towne sacramento, visited the jelly belly factory for a free tour, and roamed around pier 39 where we saw some cool street performers and sea lions!  had a ton of fun, and now, <propmale>'s mom and stepdad are coming to visit today through tuesday!  our first visitors  surprise )  sorry <propfemale>, but you will still be our first friend visitor  surprise )"
is it weird that i frequently go online just to look up quotes from the office?  <propmale> schrute: [checks watch] five minutes ahead of schedule    right on schedule 
"is having a \i really want to be back home\"" day today  surprise ("""
is excited to go have dinner with some new friends!!   surprise )
"is going with <propmale> to oregon this week!  at one point, i will only be 4 hours away from home!  so close, yet so far  surprise )  in the future, hopefully i'll be able to rent a car from that point and make a quick trip home  surprise )"
"\this is your life   are you who you want to be?\""  ~ switchfoot"""
happy easter!
"from all you have read or e playful erienced, what images, pictures, or thoughts do you have of jesus?  i'm doing a bible study and really liked the question   i'll post my answer below   fill free to post your answer as well   i'm curious  surprise )"
"while driving home today, <propmale> and i saw about 20 deer on the side of the road, and we both thought that was pretty awesome!  about 5 seconds later we saw about 20 cows   that didn't have quite the same affect  surprise )"
wishes she could be more of a comfort   praying for god's comfort instead  surprise )
"is in monterey, ca!!  we're going to the beach today  surprise )  i forgot my darn phone charger at home though  surprise ("
"\i never understood trekies until i became a lostie!\"""""
"if you have a wonderful man that works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every night, then post this as your status to give the   good men out there the recognition they deserve because great men are few & far between! amen! i ? you bippa!"
"i asked <propmale> if he could name the street he lived on anything he wanted, what would he name it? his reply was, \poppycock lane \"" my husband is so weird   i guess that's what i get for asking such a dumb question though  surprise )"""
wishes life was a little more predictable   i'm probably the only one that wishes that though  surprise )
is in washington!  it's great to see everyone!! zonino!!
made it back safely  surprise )
hey everybody!  thank you so much for all of my birthday wishes!  didn't do much except relax   <propmale> and i ate some in and out burger and watched <propfirst>'s day  surprise )
wishes her mind wanted to sleep as much as the rest of her wants to sleep   
my husband is in <propmale> at an interview right now   pray that it's going well!
"<propfemale> <propmale> bernhard is very cool, and i love her! thanks for showing me how to tag someone in my status!! zonino!"
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you   go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common sense   never let your prayin' knees get lazy, and love like crazy  surprise )"
is so blessed to have a husband who overlooks my faults and does everything he can to make me happy  surprise )  thanks for reminding how great it is to have you bippa!  love you!
looks like arizona  surprise )
"so, for those of you who don't know yet, it's official   ben and i will be moving to arizona next week   thanks for all of your guys' prayers and support!"
"okay, so i'll be offline for about a week starting pretty much now   if you need to get a hold of me just call or text  surprise )"
"has internet again!!  yeah!  it's a cool 97 degrees here in arizona   yes, i said cool   it was like 109 degrees, so yeah   anyways, it's beautiful here!  we're getting settled in and <propmale> starts work on monday "
"<propfemale> <propmale> bernhard makes me smile, and i love and miss her a lot!"
has an interview today at 3   i haven't had an interview in approximately 5 years   quite nervous actually   i'm pretty sure the interview process is one of the big reasons i don't want to go back to work   lol  surprise )  let me prove myself to you by my productivity in the work place   please don't make me talk to you about me and answer pointless questions!  agh!!  pray my mind doesn't go completely blank  surprise )
"interview went well   it was mainly a screening interview to make sure that i was a good fit   my next interview step is on tuesday at 11am   the guy i interviewed with today made me nervous about it because he said that the upcoming interviewers are more particular about the things you say and how you word them   oh well, if it doesn't go well, i'll find something else  surprise )  i'm sure it will go well though   "
almost time for my second interview   wish me luck  surprise )
it is pouring outside!!  lots of thunder and now the lights are flickering!  agh!!!   surprise )
"okay, so i got the phone call for my next interview (my final interview, i think)   it's this friday at 10 surprise 0am and it's a panel interview   if that goes well, i'm pretty sure the job is mine  surprise )"
's interview is in less than an hour   agh!!!  i'll let you know how it goes 
"interview is over, and i did the best i can   that's all that can be asked of me  surprise )  i think it went well, and i hope to know something by the end of next week or the beginning of the following week "
"was just offered the position  surprise )  they didn't offer as much as i had hoped, but it is still probably better than any other entry level position i could get, so that's good   just need to discuss it with my husband before officially accepting it  surprise )"
is officially employed and starts work on monday  surprise )
"had her first day back to work today   it wasn't horrible, but i did get the bad news that i will be working day shift for now which requires me to be at work by 6am   if anybody knows me, they know that i am not a morning person and don't care to know what that time of day looks like   i was really looking forward to graveyard   maybe in the future  surprise )"
"day 2: much better  surprise )  (although, getting up at 5am was lame)  hopefully i can get used to it, and if i can't maybe they'll let me request graveyard eventually?   surprise )"
is it sad that it's 70 degrees outside and i am teeth-chattering cold?
"i never thought i would say that i have a favorite song because there are so many great ones out there; however, i have just determined that i do, indeed, have a favorite song   i've never gotten sick of it and am literally very happy every time i hear it, and i hear it oftenl  \everything\"" by lifehouse - i am in love with this song """
happy thanksgiving!
wish i was in washington visiting family and friends back home  surprise )
i do not feel well  surprise (  - first time throwing up in a long time   i just want to sleep but can't   miserable   blah!
made it home safely  surprise )  now i have to work in like an hour and a half - boo  surprise (
