05a7ffee4dbbbf49fb420cc2d0d09f32
haha  my mom might make me go next semester  sad 
i just got bored a took a bunch of quizzes  that was fun 
says nothing is on his mind right now
"says, sham-wow im bored"
says he is leaving for paintball camp tomarrow and will be gone for a week  sry if i dont respond to anyone till next friday or saturday 
my dad got grandstand tickets to psp (chicago open) tomarrow  (big paintball tourny for ppl who dont know)
got a new paintball mask (carbon fiber) and new speed feed at psp 
get to go to <propmale> ppl bowling today for my cousins graduation!!!
i hate summer school  but my teacher is really funny  guess thats good
i finally got a new phone after two years  yes!!
"green day monday, my 1st real concert"
no more summer school!
"<propmale> gave me three bucks to snap my board, worth it "
boredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredboredbored
i hate contacts   
1) pln solid geometry - higgins   2) pe 1 - hinojosa  3) study hall - kovack   4) english - tileston   5) lunch   6) biology - dau   7) spanish 2 - henderson    smile  electronic tech - karasch
just gots me some new kicks!
my facebook is moving really slow 
my sisters stupid cat keeps jumping on me 
going to dannys concert later 
should probobly read his book for school   
goin' to the game soon
"really tired from cross country, ran to street fest and back, then a mile of 200's"
wants to go to bed   
it sucks being sick!
"yes!!!! just totally dominated at the meet, got 165 out of 249, great bus ride home   "
why did today seem so long even though it was a half day?
"is really tired, but good meet guys, kinda sucks they messed up the times    annoyed "
planet eclipse ego 10 just came out!!!!!
just got home from the middle of nowhere     laugh 
fun time bowling with the xc people 
just found out that i dont get a late start tomarrow    no instead i have to get up and go get blood drawn at 8 in the morning! this sucks!
"just got back from sports awards, awsome video  got my <propfirst>! oh yeah!"
goin' to gameworks! oh yeah!
just got back from a good run  wish it wouldnt get dark so early   
i love this  im getting notifications faster on my phone than on the actual computer    i think something is worng 
just spent an hour making a custom case for his phone     laugh 
just decided that bose headphones are frickin' amazing!!!!
sometimes i wish i had my own stalker   
"no homework, watching a movie   !!!"
is playing pandemic ii   laugh 
just beat pandemic ii for the first time!  laugh 
"really wants to pre-order the planet eclipse etek 3, but does not have that kind of money  "
a friday with absolutly nothing to do    this kinda sucks 
great job at the meet everyone! nice way to kick of the season!
"fun meet, and cant wait for our day off!!! so pumped!!!"
i wish i had friends to talk to    but alas i dont   
whose a winner   ? every single frosh soph track guy! awsome meet everyone  lets do it again next year!!
cant sleep  hes basking in the <propfemale> still   laugh 
"http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=gangsta&defid=1326541\ahhh a good quality read  actually it is really funny "
just a <propmale> sore    i hope i made you proud mr  <propmale> peterson   laugh 
if anyone says life isnt a bitch    their wrong 
"i feel like shit, mentally and physically   "
does anyone else feel like music can put you in <propmale> mood swings?
hawks need to end this now!
<propfirst> moore was here  smile 
just took a wonderful 4 hor nap 
first official cross country day tomorrow!!! gotta wake up at 5:40 though   
i love having the house to myself and a good movie to watch  popcorn would make it better though   
"i find it funny when people make their status \who wants to <propfemale> out\"" and no one answers it    lol """
its gonna be really hard to wake up so early tomorrow   
i love me a good old thunder storm 
what the hell is going on here     i had 51 notifications   
52
life just basically sucks at times     annoyed 
listenin' to some pop goes punk 
\it's rude to count people as you pass them  out\,05a7ffee4dbbbf49fb420cc2d0d09f32,power finally came back on  i had to do hw with candles!!! that's not supposed to happen 
i am defiantly on a four year strong high right now 
guess who just got some sexy running shorts    oh yeah 
youtube movie marathon for me today! lol
is jammin and studyin' to some deadmau5
oh geez it's here    mi hermanas wedding!
no school for me tomorrow  going to new york then florida for the weekend! score!
i love early morning flights   
just got back from florida  met <propfirst> <propfemale> and got his autograph along with the rest of ironman and dynasty  def the best paintball tournament in the world 
"haha, 69 ppl online    im so immature   laugh "
300 is defiantly an awesome movie 
"some movie producer was playing lightbike and was like hey this is fun, lets make a movie out of it  and thus tron legacy was born   "
is loving the new my chem album 
new favorite band? i think so!
playing in the snow is always awesome  watching a movie now is even better  too bad christmas is technically over now
all my music sounds new now that i finally got some quality headphones 
im actually kinda into this dupstep music   
is it sad that i just watched a solid 2 and a half hours of youtube videos straight?
does anyone know where lead is on the periodic table? i cannot find it and ive been looking for like 10 minutes   
"is attempting sharpie <propmale>, cause i think its badass and i really wanna be able to make some crazy things "
i really wanna go build a snow fort   
does anyone wanna build a fort?
got some new shoes and a hat  solid day for me 
"if i could find you now,\things would get better \we could leave this town,\and run forever\i know somewhere, somehow, we'll be together\let your waves crash down on me,\and take me away, yeah   \\-yellowcard - ocean avenue"
im in the mood for new music  anybody listening to anything good?
"and shes the type that could eat you alive\(this could be what we need)\another reason not to trust\a pretty face and a set of double d's\---> shut up and deal \dangerous\"""""
does anyone think i can get through airport security with a set of spikes in my bag? i think i'm gonna go for it   
suckerpunch = new favorite movie? i believe so 
get through school then california here i come!
gotta love these weekend getaways in california 
