b0fe60478cee7d3adff81ed79d0f129e
pray for <propfirst>
last day home before college!
might be packed   maybe
ick   homework!
almost done! only reading left
yay! zip lining!!!!!!
canoe trip!
"in myers, it's so weird not having everybody here!"
my floor is slanted and it is bugging me!
"done with exams, now what?"
class canceled!
one week!
is super excited!
wishes she could have gone mud sliding   but didn't know about it until it was over
actually likes the song stuck in my head right now!
aristotle is giving me a headach!
"all of the sudden very, very hyper!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i just found out that the little miami bike trail goes through springfield   someday i plan on biking home from witt!
swing club was so much fun!!
cause i'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs as they tried to teach me how to dance
pumpkins!!!!!!!
"remember, remember the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot,  i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot "
woman without her man is nothing   you decide
without a song or a dance what are we?
can it be tuesday yet?????
wishing i could whistel   
hyper and homework do not go well together
"one more <propfemale>, one more day, one day more!"
"within 24 hours of bing home, i've alredy made brownies"
i think i look like roudolph   
plotting to take over the world with my sisters! definately a morning well spent
happy christmas!
packing   
i feel like dancing   
"life lesson for today: \fish are fish and time is short\"""""
"something has changed within me, something is not the same  i'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game  too late for second-guessing, too late to go back to sleep, it's time to trust my instincts close my eyes and leap!"
is on a date with three girls   eric's not invited
"i like to move it, move it!"
"back at witt, spring break was amazing, now time to return to reality"
"apparently i talk in my sleep, too bad <propfemale> can't remember what i said"
"ick, the rain needs to stop, please"
why is it snowing   but even more importantly why is it sticking?!?!
i'm in the mood for cookie dough   
can i go live in neverland so i don't have to grow up?
<propfemale> de zarn is pretty awesome!!
"saddle up your horses, we gotta trail to blaze!"
yay watching avatar in the hallow!! feels like summer!
hyper!! and loving every minute of it!!!!!
yay bollywood night!!
meh   
feeling so much better this morning!
"done!! now, just 3 exams left and i can start summer!"
love the thunder and lightening!!
happy motgher's day mom!
"i'm tired of goodbyes, i wish my life wasn't so full of them right now   "
getting really excited for camp in one week!!!!
congrats to all the sycamore seniors who are graduating today!
"heading to marmon valley farm later today! my address for this summer is \marmon valley ministries\7754 state route 292\zanesfield, oh 43360\i would love to hear from you this summer!"
"missing everyone from marmon valley, i had so much fun with you all this summer!"
thursday at 7 salsa dancing at fountain square   who's in?
packig   ick
"today was amazing,  the visit to marmon valley was exactly what i needed!"
 smile 
we succeeded in tackifying our room! <propfemale> de zarn
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"tonight was a wonderful end to a long week! not much can beat fire, hanging out with friends, talking to <propfirst>, and a movie with <propfemale>!"
i had a really great time in ireland  heading back to the states soon   wish i could stay here just a little bit longer 
cafeteria trays and snow make the best study breaks!
"i had lots of fun at marmon valley, sledding behind the gater, not failing (completely) at little kid snow boards, horses, and getting to see lots of amazing people!"
"and i will listen to his voice \could it be that he is only waiting there to see \if i will learn to love the dreams \that he has dreamed for me \can't imagine what the future holds \but i've already made my choice \and this is where i stand \until he moves me on \and i will listen to his voice"
