dcd7585b99e6c5f52a68630c13bb2dd1
new pic
"wants some cold weather, but still wants summer  ergg"
holy moly lightning!
has had a really friggin cool day
pwn 3 1 and can't waiiittttt for the weeeeeeekkkkkkkkkeeeeennnndddddddd
daft punk is perfect for waking up and freak out!
no doubt that bakery’s got all da bomb frostins
tgif 
return here with a shrubbery or you will never pass through these woods   alive!
why did you give them my name?! ghetto friggin physics catapult laugh one
"is content, and there's something else, but i don't want to describe that "
"is tired from all this, but not tired of all this "
"friggin loves this new 27\ imac  its dauntingly big 0_0"""
ggrroouunnddeedd
"work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger, more than ever, hour after, our work is never over- great song, goin to cades to watch movies"
sometimes the world is cruel to shiney things 
wansta beat the <propfemale> up and rattle the stars
"this is crazy! the bubbles were red!  smile  facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! this legitimately works, these red circles are everywhere  laugh "
"they say freak, when you're singled out, the red, well it filters through "
i want me some giving of thanks already
"finally installed the new faceplate in the jeep, and it friggin rocks! i need someone with soldering skills to come over another time to help with the subs *cough* seeley pentecost *cough* "
"schweeeeeet, last day of school tomorrow"
30 seconds to mars
"believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if i have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense  -buddha"
where the wild things are is a bizzarre movie   
<propmale>:hey <propmale>   <propmale>:yeah <propmale>? tim: hey you talked to <propfirst> lately? <propmale>: uh  haven't really talked to him but  he looks pretty uh  down  <propmale>: he looks pretty uh  down? <propmale>: yeah well maybe we should cheer him up then <propmale>: what do you uh  suppose we should do? <propmale>: well does he like butter tarts?
"no car, no phone, don't care all that much, night everyone"
we are formed and molded by our thoughts  those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act  joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them  -buddha
"jingle <propfemale> 5k in the morning, those 5 slices of buffalo chicken pizza a couple hours ago aren't gonna help "
"26:57 in the jingle <propfemale> 5k, this was the first time i ever ran 3 <propmale> without walking! 8 57 <propfemale> mile is real good for me haha"
prettylightsmusic com
everyone needs to get rid of their stupid pokemon avatars  seriously
"i forgot how bad snl is  thanks for reminding me, snl "
is 17 tomorrow woot!
"holy crap, the ending of that spurs game was crazy "
pants on the ground!!!!!
"i was frying on the bench slide in the park across the street, l-a-t-e-r that week"
soooo niceeee outsideeee      for mudding!!!!
la la la la life goes on
is the proud new owner of a 1990 ford f-150  smile  finally!!!!!!!!
tennis tourney !!!!!!
its 7:50 and still bright outside  smile 
had a better spring break than you did
"another head hangs lowly, child is slowly taken  and the violence caused such silence, who are we mistaken?"
"all i want is for you to be happy, and take this moment to make you my family, and finally you have found something perfect, and finally you have found…"
"has been hungry non stop since giving blood monday, i don't mind though, i love to eat "
won't you come out to play?
"just deleted all but 4 of my fan pages because honestly, they just kinda suck"
i swear it feels like the last few nights we been everywhere and back but i just can’t remember it all
this has been the most boring sunday in forever
"blood drive info in mail- i am a+ with really low cholesterol  weird because of my diet, or lack of one "
off to canyon lake
"gangsters don't die, they just move to miami"
watching haitians practice soccer
it's raining horses and elephants!!!!!
bon a petite
just making sure eveyone knows that summer is less than a month away
i swear this life is like the sweetest thing i’ve ever known
@<propfirst> pinillo is playing with his yo-yo
go away rain!
imma rent mea backhoe n dig up this here tree! i want the gold! gimmie the gold!!
ouch my wrist  stupid skateboard  
"english ap got wrecked, now time for a good weekend with <propfemale>!"
"power surged for about a minute, please stay on!!"
just woke up    summer is here  smile 
my truck    she's alive!!!!!
buc-ee's
shooting skeet  smile 
shootin fireworks  smile 
"i need a couple new movies, gimmie some suggestions!!"
"so texas, have you missed me?"
got hired!!!!!
bring it on sun   i can stand outside aaalllllll day
my trucks state inspector is a woman!! driving my truck?? my god 
got hacked by rae smile  so i'm stuck at the outlet at the outlet malls cause sams truck broke down  thanks <propfirst> lol
okay so you run great but can't start  c'mon big red
i love my palladia hd channel
gonna be a slow 4th weekend at the river  thanks <propfirst>
"if rain didn't make everything all wet, it would be the perfect weather  hah"
i wanna go boarding  
i think i successfully killed the iphone 3g     time for 4
rip iphone 3g nov 2008-july 2010  guess iphone 4 actually is in sight now  smile 
yeeesssssss my phone works again!!!
i can listen to chevelle alllllllll dayyyyyy
maybe i'll just buy a new board  i've spent more building breaking them than if i had just bought a nice new one 
hottest day of summer = nicest sunset of summer
they really shoulda finished 46 before school started
fall is in the air
i  love  redsn0w  such a nerd
i guess apple realized that video recording on the nano was useless and people actually do like buttons on the shuffle  the new ipods look pretty cool  i want a nano
hi hello how ya dern
"great people talk about ideas\average people talk about things\small people talk about other people"
true equality is only missed by those who believe they don't have it
i wish i could delete songs from my memory so i could go back and listen to them for the first time again
i love <propfemale> nicole smile 
trying to imagine if dubstep and pretty lights had a baby  the sound would be too abstractly gnar for the human ear to pick it up 
i love my mom!
it's about to get nice and cold 
i love <propfirst> <propfirst> very much! smile  -<propfemale> <propfemale>
"it was almost 2, but now it's 1 again"
applied to texas state wooot
time doth transfix the flourish set on youth
my mom is the greatest!
feels too much like thursday to only be tuesday
30 days
how does it cost to renew your license?
"i just heard a payphone ringing  almost answered, but didn't want to be summoned into some unknown trek  hm"
trig proofs mirror life- korpi
