239ae11fd91bcaa7408851e2d0a9e2ef
yea  im on facebook now 
im doin <propfirst> stuff  its great 
anyone heard of the band handshakes and highfives? what a cool name    
whats with these people adding me on facebook that i dont even talk to in real life? wtf?
im just doin stuff   yup   
"i hate the path my life has gone, just one roll of the dice and i am left disfigured  its as if everything is against me "
listining to handshakes and highfives  good band   
anyone heard of the band call the cops? i havent heard them but thats a sweet name
"i miss my baby     we spent all this time and she just throws it all away    <propmale>, tell your mom to come back to me! i havent been the same since  sad "
"the fallen angel becomes the malignant devil  yet even the enemy of god and man had friends and associates in his desolation; i am alone  -frankenstien's monster\   sound like me"
"i do know that for the sympathy of one living being, i would make peace with all  i have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine and rage the likes of which you would not believe  if i cannot satisfy the one, i will indulge the other  \-frankenstiens monster"
in life your either a nice guy or an asshole  nice guys get stepped on while the assholes are the ones stepping on them 
im happier than a one legged lesbian on a pogo stick!
hey tevois when is you open house cracka! and where at?
"bought skinny jeans, im so afraid everyone going to be mean to me "
when is graduation?
i love how so many of the people in my grade are a-holes
did nothing all day
did <propfirst> stuff all weekend
"whats with all these all lovey-dovey, i love you facebook status updates? wtf?"
"filled with pain, a bruised and darknened soul, spare me from the life that's full of misery- fear factory"
im here to inquire about your <propmale> spoons 
maybe going to keegan's house today
yup  today i skipped through a marvoulus field of flowers and rainbows  <propmale> was riding a unicorn too  i think that wasn't no normal sticker 
i am a failure
wearing skinny jeans tomorrow!
got a haircut
im never going to be anything
who wants to come over?
want to know a sweet band? blinded colony
not going to tech next year  goodbye forever tech people 
i am slowly dissolving into the forgotton past 
selling one slightly used fuggie
why do people like twilight? it is the gayest thing in the world since nickleback 
"i straightened my hair one time, was truly epic "
"oh lordy lordy, its as if noone knows i exist  "
a recent  poll shows that depression hits losers the hardest
you can't see california without <propmale> brandos eyes!
"we can lift up our hands to the sky, find all of those strings that they're pulling and keep from falling \back into our old rhythmic poses, turning us into machines  -darkest hour they are one bad a** metalcore band thats for true"
why do i post stuff when noone will read it or care?
my safe word is blueberry pancakes!
someone send me messages
"i got a straightening iron, it is freakin sweet!"
the government stole my germs cd!!
one time at tech a girl came in and asked who wanted to donate blood and i said: no i have aides   it was funny 
ill smack a b*tch if i have to tell her twice!
straight men listen to dance <propmale> dance  this is a proven statement 
"listening to scapegoat by the agony scene  smile  \this song makes <propfemale> smmileee!! haw haw haw!!!!!"
i love how people are judged for things they cant change 
the human race makes me sick 
"i made a how well do you know me quiz, here is the link: http annoyed  apps facebook com uberquiz 4792605?tv2=mkrragqaeouuwcqhkzhdhyufk1s8cxg4bkvt3%2bwkgfw%3d"
ever notice how innapropriate the quizes are on facebook?
"this is a poison everyone knows\it runs through my rivers \created and cured by the same, and it will flow \tear through these holds, and rip away my heart \with an effort so constrained, this is the venom in my veins \this is the venom in my veins, created and cured by the same "
i love the way you die ?
its wierd only having one friend that likes the same music as you  annoyed 
sh**ing out the window and pi**ing out the window are two different things!!
stoked about starcraft ii  its gunna be sweet!
yarrr i be a pirate
"like\ my status; i'll write my like, dislike, first impression, and \confession, but with an official <propfirst> <propmale> twist"
fear ultra peepi!!
next five people to ask me a question will get 100% honest answer
tired of all the lovey-dovey bullshit on facebook 
"i love how no one knows that i exist, thanks everbody "
"if your not going to save the village, i will!"
"i'm off fighting the swarm, those zergs need to quit that shi*!"
"auir may be destroyed, but we still have a <propmale>!"
"i don't see how girls say its the guys fault for bad relationships, its not him its actually you because your the one who picked him"
why do people i don't talk to in real life add me on facebook?
anyone want me to come over sometime?
"mom or <propfirst>, when do you want me back from <propmale>'s?"
has anyone seen my pants?
3 words:  our last night
"can't pay my rent, cuz all my moneys spent  but thats ok, cuz im still fly!"
listenin to breathe <propfemale>
you can call me nighthawk 
i believe the emo fad is dying off now
"bought sh*t on hot topic, cool stuff"
"if i wore anything that resembled the whole scene look, would anyone think i am a poser?"
i d g a f
"boats n' ho's, boats n' ho's, gotta have me my boats n' ho's!"
"i absolutely hate anti-cyberbullying people, you can just hit the ignore button and the bullies just go away "
like this comment if you believe <propfirst> beiber should be burned at the stake > sad 
got done watching kick-ass was amazin!
people never realize what they have until its taken away
"ive completely missed all the good school e playful eriences, it quite sucks"
"got a hair cut, kinda miss the ole' bowl"
"what if the clouds are fragments of mistakes,\\fabricated by the factors of our foolishness?"
"what if the clouds are fragments of mistakes, fabricated by the factories of our foolishness"
that monocle wearin' mother f***er!
"anyone wanna do something today or tomorrow, like me coming over?"
"don't hold your breath for the things that you seek, it will all burn to the ground with everything  we're all looking for our freedom from the things we want to run from "
im done with these stupid networking sites
jkhgstjkhtsikl;jtsfrl;ojkygdj;olkydj;p'kloydtjp'klydtj;lmyrsrt'y;hlretjhartk;mnbe ih randomly slamming on keys makes a good status update
why are 94% of the tests on facebook perverted? wtf?!
real men can play air drums while sitting on an air stool!
riding in the swag wagon
"i did a \ whats your ghetto name\"" test and i got chikaboom"""
"as a great man once said, if you touch my drum set, i will stab you in the neck with a knife!"
"looking for 4 actors for gay zombies  4, we also need some ideas, leave comments please"
who the crap are these people that add me on facebook that i have never spoken a word to in real life?! what do they want?! seriously i wanna know! > annoyed 
sponge bob-> [ annoyed ]=
you lazy a**hole! save that village already!!!!!!
i love how <propfirst> bieber has more haters than fans
"playing sim city 2000, special edition"
screwin with people on the web since 2009
"im having a garage sale on <propmale> street, just f y i"
"just listened to a screamo cover of the pokemon theme song, lol"
these tacos was a bad idea!!!!!
i would rather just go to school than sit at home bored
<propmale> showed me the best cover of fireflies ever    
"school tomorrow, if i end up in a class with only people from my grade, were gunna have some problems > sad "
these are the last hours of summer  sad 
"tekonsha felt really weird, its so different now!"
"just doin <propfirst> stuff, yup, <propfirst> stuff                "
gotta love drama class
who wants to do stuff with <propfirst> this weekend? any takers?
"listenin' to some i set my friends on fire, just bein' straight like always "
the <propfemale> rule: the man with the gold makes the rules
"sometimes i just want to copy someone elses status word for word, and see if they notice"
"ok what would you think about building a christian church right beside ground zero, you would say yes, lets say you are muslim, you have had family members die (who were also muslim) when the towers blew up, wouldn't you want a mosque nearby?"
your mom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
white people! araghh!! gross!
jesus loves you so i won't have to 
*light singing accompanied with cool background guitar chorus* *hit symbol* *queue the crazy* you screamo listeners know what im talkin bout!
"selling ads again tomorrow, how will this end?"
listinin' to brokencyde's cover of low by <propfemale> rider
"i listened to some basic modern rock and realized the hardcore stuff is just way better, im sorry but there is no skill in the band members, its pretty much just noise  its like after the 90's rock died and hardcore is just pickin up the pieces"
your mom
goin to school and doin work and whatnot!
when life gives you lemons throw them and distract someone than sneak up behind them and steal their wallet!
ever notice how in halo:reach <propmale> 6 goes to the space station: anchor 9?
what is the dress up day for tuesday?
went on facebook cuz i was bored 
"i laid in my bed starring at the stairs, going over all the thoughts about\ life in my head, but one was really important, where is the ceiling?"
"<propfirst> <propmale> natural habitat: mountain dew, an xbox 360, my ipod and some skinny jeans!"
why is the dress up days always contain farmer day and pj day? cant the school be creative for once?
"*insert cool song lyrics here* yea, i can relate "
"going to go do straight stuff at 6 surprise 0ish, whats straight stuff you ask? stuff that i do "
"got back, gunna download the new starcraft 2 patch"
"there are two kinds of people, the kind that can except differences and the kind who can't, the ones that do can never show because the ones who can't put them down "
been workin on my dribbling
being one-of-a-kind is the worst
i'm exited about hangin' out after home coming with my goons
sometimes i think the entire world is against me 
"gunna be 17 next month, i wonder how thats gunna go   "
"another dance, alone again, why do i even bother going?"
"wish someone would take me to the mall, that would be sweet    wanna get me a piercing"
"skateboarding all yesterday with <propmale>, learned some new tricks and junk, was sweet! but now i'm extremely sore  sad "
its not a tumor!
sorry world i'm not good enough 
i love how tekonsha is a bunch of hillbillies who are wanna-be city people
<propmale> gave me the sweetest skateboard deck evah!!
"the pep rally was retarded, as soon as i got there i was pretty much invisible"
6 9 inches  sad 
"found out there are stoners workin' at meijer, good luck with all the ranch cracka'"
you just got hacked <propfirst> <propmale>    its me the stoner from meijers! thanks for all that ranch!!!!!!!!!!!!
just chillin'    and playin dead rising 2!!
i wish someone would give me guitar lessons  sad 
i wish i had some friggin grip tape  sad 
"i share a birthday with miley <propmale>, and i am one year older"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!!
thinking about ordering some stuff from hot topic
yay! its my birthday!
found out how tekonsha is even more dumber than i had originaly thought 
ride the pig!!!!
happy birthday me!
"go to: http annoyed  llamaparty wetpaint com this is the site i made, check it out and sign up to it, its pretty sweet!"
the selfish stride you take to break the will of others sickens the minds of the good and destroys the self image of the less fortunate
are you from bedrock girl?
"going to the mall with <propmale> later, cause we gangsta, we buyin du rags and baggy pants and really tall shirts and what-not"
"i hit a squirrel once, it changed my life"
there is a rhino in glee! oh my freakin god! its the biggest cover up in human history!!!1!!!!!!!
thanks for the f' shack -love dirty <propfirst> and the boys
goin' to school  yup    goin to school    yesterday made me mad because me and <propfirst> found out the hard way that the bus now comes like 12 minutes later than before
"yea, i was just swarmed by a bunch of homless men who were probobly under the influence of all the most popular illegal substances in the united states, i broke both of my legs  ??????????????? smile )))))))))))))))))))))))) ily babe!!! smile ))))))))))))???????????????????????????? smile )))) smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile :????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? see how anoying this is!!!!!!!"
