49e406116e4da74cbba5fe2e3359ad11
"a strange pattern is emerging in celebrity deaths    <propfirst> mays, <propfirst> (both 50), <propfemale> fawcett, who will be next???"
never thought i'd be happy to be back in <propmale> after the interact conference though did have a blast though
5 days of econ left
econ countdown: 3 days
just got done playing a risk game for four hours  didn't win 
"ahoy! yar be the best pirate pickup lines ever! 10   avast, me proud beauty! wanna know why my <propmale> is so jolly?         9  have ya ever met a man with a real yardarm? 8  come on up and see me urchins          7  yes, that is a hornpipe in my pocket and i am happy to see you          6  i'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon "
"ahoy! yar be the best pirate pickup lines ever!  5  pardon me, but would ya mind if i fired me cannon through your porthole?         4  how'd you like to scrape the barnacles off of me rudder? 3  ya know, darlin’, i’m 97 percent chum free         2  well blow me down?        1  prepare to be boarded "
got the math departmental award!!!!
"graduation party at the borsts in summerfield (it'll be the house with all the cars in front), to celebrate 2010 graduation of will borst, will ramsey, <propmale> <propmale> potts, and <propfirst> patterson anybody that knows us is welcome - it starts at two to threeish, several are playin football at around three or so, and everybody is eating at five thirty, thanks! i forgot to hand out all the invitations at graduation lol"
"utk flash rave in hodges library - crammed about 3000 people in the library lobby absolutely crazy will post a video from youtube if possible - crowd surfing <propfemale>, dude on a blow up horse - awesome    "
"11 sorry louts be thinkin' they're me mate! should i say aye, or walk the plank with ya scurvy self? argh the dilemna!"
goin' to see the yes men today - media pranking workshop and they are giving an official presentation tonight!!! gonna be awesome!!!
   and <propfemale> (???) is first on the libyan front lines to unleash an assault on military vehicles!!!
i wish facebook would make a thumbs down button for people's posts!
