8289e73813ccd509e30a6c39eae38178
"flag day  aw, my last parade  no more kicking the slow kid in front of me (it was an accident, i swear!) or laughing at our inept drum section (i'm no e playful ert, but i'm pretty sure that the beat isn't supposed to sporadically stop)  i'll miss it "
"i think we should have a government-sponsored, mandatory test for narcissism before people are allowed to function as adults "
"i'm so traumatized!  surprise  apparently at pick'n save, when they're decorating for the fourth of july and need someone to climb the really, really, really high ladder, they pick the smallest person, disregarding the fact that she is paralyzingly terrified of h"
"if it hurts, kiss it better"
"feeling my squeaky clean teeth  the dentist told me i look 14  that's better than 12, right?"
losing my voice  not fun  hurts like crazy 
estoy cansada
you're a jerk!
"guitar hero, superman, skate park, newport guy, no whip, oh no! he's dying!, jerk, fireworks! ouch, blackout  eww, mosquitoes  yesterday was amazing!"
"going crazy, but what's new?"
i am one very pink girl
rahr
why is pick'n save open on a friday night? who actually spends their friday night grocery shopping? i'm filing a complaint 
"19 days, 9 hours, and 58 minutes"
yahoo signed a deal with microsoft! what?! they can't do that! i'm distraught!
   gone
spent the evening debating with <propfirst> what exactly constitutes unethical token game behavior  moving in tomorrow!
"i can't believe i'm a college kid, this is weird!"
"i forgot pretty much everything about logarithms, and i'm apparently a complete failure at life (thanks for the encouragement <propfemale>!), but hey, popcorn is amazing!"
"has some weird friends  then again, we knew that already "
found her keys! (for the third time this week)
"how can you practice it one way and then have it end up so painfully, agonizingly different in the audition?"
"\study group! somebody needs to read to me!\"" - <propfemale>"""
"looks like a <propfemale> pocket, apparently"
resents the fact that her roommate is being critical of her procrastination  duh! i didn't actually go to the joust to study 
everyone's leaving! am i the only one who can't get home?!
: the klutz
my family is in fond du lac without me! *tear*
: underachiever extraordinaire
is ecstatic cause she has a new calculator!
- *sniffle* - *cough*
"is a learner, context, strategic, input and individualization (aka a dork)"
works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat 
"had an, uh, interesting weekend "
"is studying  (if you stretch the definition of \studying\"" a little)"""
wants to run away and join the circus 
 love 's bolt
"is having water thrown at her by the residents of k3n  lol, <propfemale> fell for it!"
"is regretting her heavy schedule, like, a lot  but hey, monday is officially over!"
tiene frío 
is listening to prokofiev    and liking it 
is a little tired of being blown every which way when she steps outside 
is watching <propfemale> get angrier and angrier as she is foiled in all her attempts to watch the twins 
likes country  *shock and awe*
go twins!
is pist awf about the nobel peace prize  really? i used to think it meant something 
is burnt 
"is watching every single one of the jocks in the library secretly playing farmville on fb  nice studying, guys "
would really appreciate it if god could get to work fixing missouri's leaky sky 
"<propfemale> rodgers, where are you?"
thinks it's just plain not right to ask a math geek to decorate something 
is a little elf
"calc, arrested development and laundry  it's a good night "
that global warming movie was <propfemale> sketchy! i was just waiting to hear alanis morrisette attribute the fall of mankind to increased co2 emissions 
needs therapy  bad 
is missing home 
will get to see her super duper amazing fl cousins at christmas!!!!!
is going ice skating!
didn't fall once!
the <propfirst> upton concert was amazing!
finally understands line integrals and vector fields! (they really need to make a sparknotes for calc iii)
"should probably get friends who have lives so they don't sit around making up stories about her  i'm seventeen, lol!"
yeah   about that chem test   
"13 hours, 56 minutes and 6 seconds!!!"
"8 hours, 5 minutes and 28 seconds!!!"
"packing    5 hours, 6 minutes and 11 seconds "
"moved up an hour!!! 3 hours, 14 minutes and 42 seconds!"
i'm home!!! i'm home! i'm home! i'm home!
is going to fond du lac for thanksgiving with the family  yay!
"watching a movie on the suggestion of qwin from best buy, lol!"
has reached a new level of living: automatic doors now open for me!
is hearing about the finals schedule and growing more and more sure that she won't live through next week  goodbye world!
has snowflakes caught in her eyelashes  winter's back!
will never have to sit next to nate mcginnis again in chemistry! yes!
is finally running linux on her macbook!
"we are his portion and he is our prize, drawn to redemption by the grace in his eyes; if grace is an ocean, we're all sinking"
is wondering when she should start the countdown to going home  hmm    i'm thinkin' now  [1day10hrs21min15sec]
"yes, all the red skittles are gone, and yes, it is my fault "
"is tired, but apparently singing and making all our neighbors angry is worth staying up  smile "
back in wisconsin!
"had an amazing day! church this morning, getting to smell the coffee aisle at work, playing cribbage with mom; it's good to be home!"
"is so cold! but there's lots of snow, so it's all okay"
okay    no christmas in fond du lac then  stupid sleet 
"fiiinally got to see sherlock holmes, and it was definitely worth the wait"
is missing missouri and her friends  one more week   
"cannot sleep downstairs  nope, nuhuh, no way "
is trying to figure out which way is up
"is packing  missouri, here i come!"
is unpacking  i'm back!
is surrounded by enemies  go vikings! go favre! no! no! no!
two words: apple keynote
is going sledding!
has to side with her roommate (and reality)  the saints are toast 
isn't sure if it's physically possible to complete all the reading she has to do tonight 
"\is it really worth it? shouldn't you be doing my homework now?! it's not gonna do itself!\"" - <propfemale> covaliu"""
can you microwave a pudding cup?
is looking at the empty crush bottles laying around her room and reflecting on a <propfirst>'s day well spent
loves the snow! but ballet flats probably weren't the best choice   
why did i leave all my boots in wisconsin?!
is missing wisconsin 
is kind of regretting the now weird looking potassium permanganate smiley face stained into her hand
is no longer a dumb blonde  thank you <propfemale> covaliu and <propfemale> '<propfemale>' strand!
wow  chemistry 
so    diff eq  yay 
is home!
loves being able to spend time with her super awesome little brothers!
blech  homework 
has anyone read orwell? zamyatin? the history of the world? cause i'm pretty sure increased government control always fails  miserably 
"is really, horrendously terrible at tennis "
shakespeare on saturday  it's a travesty 
"is trying to defrost strawberries under her heat lamp, thank you <propfemale> covaliu! (now this li'l typer needs to get back to work, so you should stop caressing my hair with your sock)"
"'s goal in life is hedonism, according to one personality test  that's encouraging "
is facing the longest four weeks of her life   
should really figure out what she wants to be when she grows up 
"so    <propfemale> strand is reading a list of ways to annoy people, and i regularly practice around 20% of them  i think i need to reevaluate my social strategy "
vote for <propfemale> rodgers for burgess senator!
"kinda wishes it was winter again, snow doesn't make your shoes soggy  blech "
"of course our first successful e playful eriment would occur during my last chem lab  on the bright side, it was my last chem lab ever!"
why doesn't the blondeness ever end?!
"this studying thing isn't going so well  focus, <propfemale>!"
is 17 years 11 months 16 days  old  15 days til i'm 18!
had a crazy amazing last night in mo ( love  rdj)
is home
"just finished her first day of work  hello again, pick'n save! i missed your gaudily cheerful music, badly behaved children (and worse parents) and tear inducing boredom "
is malapert  (thank you <propmale> burgess)
is gonna be eighteen in three days!
"is in memphis  one down, four to go!"
is in springfield  getting there   
arrived in vienna!
"dislikes the fact that when you're in austria, google doesn't let you search in english "
is loving prague!
is enjoying being able to speak the language of the people around her
"is so tired  jetlag, go away!"
"is not anxious to find out just how miserable running in the rain is, so it should probably stop right about now "
"thank you nikolina johannes, <propfemale> hofschulte and <propfemale> will! now i'm officially eighteen!"
managed to crash into a display of wind chimes today  yay for gracefulness!
finished her last milka chocolate today  i think that calls for another trip to austria
has a puppy!!!
just had a lengthy conversation with her brothers about whether or not zombies count when conducting statistical analyses of us residents  i love my family!
finally got a <propmale> to run in the rain!
"accidentally stepped on <propmale> today, and discovered that a little puppy can squeal really, really loud "
one month til mo  bittersweet 
is soaking wet 
i have a tan line! i have a tan line!!! this makes my summer  laugh 
"one more day of work, then <propfemale> fest, then missouri!"
has a lot of studying to do tonight  sigh 
"super fun day shopping with the suite (and <propfemale>), but missing my family (and <propmale>)  at least we saw an otter!"
"mm, my room still smells like coffee  smile "
resents the fact that she has to draw pictures for her organic chemistry lab reports  it's not like they're recognizable anyway 
"nate mcginnis is right, and i need him (and he better be nice to me now) "
thinks too much 
is dominating at wii tennis  thank you <propfemale> covaliu!!!
is doing homework next to the fireplace at panera  i'm so happy it's finally fall! (and now the countdown to winter starts)
new batteries for my ti voyage! i'm a legit math student again!
why does ibuprofen make me so happy? weird  i can't stop giggling  thank you for putting up with me <propfemale> strand and <propfemale> covaliu  smile 
wants to feel better  soon would be nice 
loves wisconsin  smile 
is super homesick 
weezy's free!!!!
"nt and ochem done, only physics left before i'm coming home!!!!"
it's so good to be home!
"just saw a commercial for the happy, healthy dairy farmers of california  this is not acceptable, everyone knows that california breeds depressed livestock! (wisconsin cows are obviously superior)"
had iodine shot through her veins today  awesome!
just ate the only snowflake in missouri 
making a gingerbread mansion and turning <propfemale> canes into weapons with kdd and matiba! (miss you erod!)
"can't wait to be home; 197,415 seconds left!"
i won something at bingo! this marks the first time i've won something since a bike helmet in first grade!!! (and who really wants to win a bike helmet anyways?)
i'm home! my neighborhood is a winter wonderland  smile 
i missed my super little brothers so much!
buying my books for next semester  so excited! one week!
"great night with some crazies from work  smile  \i'm gonna miss you guys!"
packing sucks  leaving sucks  (but seeing my mo friends in 24 hours kinda rocks) 
happy 'answer your cat's questions' day! fight feline ignorance!
"dear god,\pleeeeease let the packers win, cause otherwise i will be mocked by my stupid bears-loving floormates for the remainder of my earthly existence \sincerely,\eb"
i'm kinda loving the sound of sleet on my window  smile 
<propfemale> wars tonight!!! (thank you <propmale> burgess for saving me from this endless string of mushy movies)
"bucket list: go to class tomorrow\\(\she clearly doesn't know what a bucket list means\"" - <propfemale> rodgers)"""
so  stressed  out  i can't handle this game!
so proud of my beloved homeland!
when i close my eyes i see isopropyl groups    this is bad 
i have baby spit up in my hair  i consider this day seized 
"everything's done! now i just have to get through this adrenaline withdrawal  annoyed   but hey, i get to see my family tomorrow!"
i love trains 
back at evangel! but missing some personas importantes   
"this semester is making me realize the true meaning of, \i have no life \"" but will this realization impact how i schedule next semester's classes? nah   """
got mistaken for a middle school bible quizzer today  story of my life 
snow!  laugh  (missing home)
"\the words of <propmale> son of hilkiah from the priests who were    responding?    in the land?   something about the thirteenth year?   \""\",8289e73813ccd509e30a6c39eae38178,she's got hot bangs and hardcore leadership skills  vote <propfemale> rodgers!
she's pres!  laugh 
i want to go to germany so bad! reasonable time frame: 10+ years  sigh 
