92087e8b79a080c73500bef30251e433
hope the new year brings all my fb friends everything they need 
white lace
"well, seeing as how <propmale> bragged:  <propfirst> 1 b and the rest a's   can we say \honor roll\"""""
my fine is 500   <propfemale> you were right 
love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today  please copy and paste this to your profile  i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale> 
"well, i must be doing something right on mafia wars   somebody actually put me on the hitlist   i survived 13 seconds!"
happy birthday kymmie!  hope it was a good one 
"happy <propfirst>'s day to one and all!  enjoy your special day with your special someone, whoever that may be!"
"<propfemale>, i uploaded a picture of kijuan just for you!"
"<propfemale>, i hope you have a happy, happy, happy, happy birthday!  smile "
"down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better, what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else    93% of my friends will not copy this    will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it       for at least one hour"
"i have two beautiful sons    son week!! if you have one son or more, who makes your life interesting and fun, has been a blessing in your life, and generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status  »-(¯'v'¯)-»"
"in case you didn't hear, sgms teachers that worked mcteacher night can wear jeans and school shirt tomorrow "
finally got my computer up and running again   replacing the hard drive and reinstalling everything sure sucks!
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence      niagara falls, new york"
now i need all my teacher friends to e playful lain this to me   i was going through <propfirst>' papers and found some science questions and they were related to heredity   now that is exactly what i am teaching my 7th graders   how is it that my 2nd grade son knows more about heredity than the students i teach who are at least 5 years older than him   things that make you go hmmmmmmm!
before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself ?
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 14,000 in ny, and 17,000 in il  <propfemale>, nj & fl are cutting teacher jobs and or reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste"
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who does   or not
"this one is for my 3 \children ? ? ? ? before you were conceived, i wanted you  before \you were born, i loved you  when you were born, i saw your face and knew\i was in love  before you were an hour old, i knew i would die for you \to this day, i will  with mother's day approaching, repost this if you \have children you love more than life!!!? ? ? ?"
to all my facebook friends:  happy mother's day!!!  may you get to do what you want!
to my sgms family:  have a great summer!  and let any of us know if you find out what you are teaching next year!  love you all
just uploaded pics from my boys' tball baseball season   <propfirst>' team came in 2nd place in the championship   awesome game!  go dodgers!
happy birthday <propfirst> <propfirst>!  hope it was a good one 
mafia wars aniversary bonus right here http annoyed  tiny cc h19dr no need to thank  smile 
to all the dads out there:  happy father's day!
"mafia family:  i don't know what is happening today but everytime my health comes above 20, i am attacked and killed or iced   i don't know who's cornflakes i have pissed in but it has been ridiculous!"
mafia family:  thanks for taking out <propmale>   let me know so i can repay you in kind!
"i might not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i\have the perfect body  i might not be the 1st choice, but i'm a great \choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not because i'm too good at\being me  i might not be proud of some of the thing's i've done in \the past but i'm proud of who i am today! take me as i am, or watch \   me as     i walk away  post this as your \status if you love being you!!  wink "
fv friends:  please click the barn raising on my wall 
first day of school was great!  i don't think it could have gone much more smoother   i think it will be a great year 
i want to thank everyone that wished me a happy birthday including my mafia family!  you really made my day   god has truly blessed me with a wonderful family and terrific friends 
"so, i'm sitting here thinking about monday and hoping it will be a little less chaotic than last week   no more fights!  i still am bruised from last monday's!"
"well,monday arrived and we had 2 arguments   what is up w  these kids?"
champagne
"well, the presents have been opened, the boys can't stop playing their xbox 360,   and i am exhausted!  but i wouldn't have it any other way   <propfemale> christmas to all of my facebook family"
"friends, i encourage all to change your profile photo to the image of the man who had courage despite to stand up~ <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr ! if we can change it to a cartoon character or to our favorite sports team, i was thinking, what would it hurt to give the spotlight to mlk for 72 hrs to show we appreciate his national day? i challenge you to encourage your friends to do the same by posting & sharing this message!"
