378fafe3cfaf8524c843df5662f30879
saturday night was amazing  the anniversary went off with littel trouble 
"\the world is a vampire\"""""
"well i'm sick  i have influenza a, and influenza b  one of 3 in utah with both, lucky me "
just about to leave for illinois  woo family reunion!
"back home, stood 1,300 feet in the air, on a one inch sheet of glass "
chaos    due to it my gf is now living with me  thus creating chaos 
"<propfemale> cat, <propfemale> cat, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> cat  oh, and more chaos "
"if they can catch a group of soldiers unaware, they might be able to slay many of them quickly "
i miss my girlfriend  life is lonely 
goning to work with a bloody hand  i'm gonna need gloves 
"damn ups, it fails to understand my address  so what if its a non named street! god damnet!"
finnaly got my sword  ups sucks non-the-less 
is building an army of undead to do my job for me  damn needining to clean 
gah! zombies! no   there breaking through the barrier agh!!!    brains   
i hate dodging marriage 
"still hates ninja's, but is gonna go to bed "
see's the world through red tinted glass's 
hmmm     so thats what a cannibal looks like 
history is made by children eating pizza 
darth maul  need i say more?
so tired  gonna take a nap 
getting ready for war  combat is the ultimate form of understanding 
sleeeeeeppppp                
going to school for my test today 
i'm you long lost grandfather twice removed 
i love the legend of dragoon! awsome ps1 game 
ra!
lost in the talent show  everyone needs to know this  i will have my revenge! (i am a sore loser )
army    navy    airforce    which one has a better mp program?
i knew you were a cannible 
ok lets try this again  ah! cannibals!
"<propfemale>, <propfemale> is fucking awsome! super smash bros is such an awsome game "
9 hours of work sucks  i get to do it again tommorow to yay!
is a very tired sith lord 
work    now i work in the deli 
no trick or treating for me this year  sad day 
gonna go play dynasty warriors 6: empires 
saw zombie land  awsome!!! it may actualy be better then <propfirst> of the dead 
must have brains!!!
hmmm    so thats what a giant undead wereweasel looks like 
was frozen today!!!
1 2 hour of sleep and feeling fine 
been awake for 37 hours and still not tired  hmmm    insomnia?
"car wont start, is gonna be late for work and doesnt have the work number "
"i have, and will always love the <propfemale> "
fire=passion
today is green 
"freedom or tryanny  its up to us to choose, and soon we'll either be forced t ochoose or we'll sit back and watch it all end "
being forced to work on house  not even allowed to go to work 
"hmmm     i hate work sometimes  2 months ago i told them i have plans for halloween, i even filled out an rto form  yet for some reason they schedule me to work and 3 other people who didnt rto it have it off!!! bastards "
"halloween will be fun  work got my shift covered, or so they told me  anyways i'm getting ready for my killing spree as a sith lord!"
wishes that his kitten pandora was here  he is also worried about <propfemale> 
life is wierd  as i walked home i heard five songs abput getting married 
"is going to bed, and didnt kill his boss   smile "
is thinking about the army 
is enjoying a debate with a devout christian about religion  i'm making him think   smile 
the world is a vampire 
mask of the phantasm
nicoles mother is a bitch and wont give her any freedoms 
i might not have a job tommorow because of bad luck 
is starting to write a book after two years of writers block 
wonders if life is just a video game being played by a kid  are we all just a dream?
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy it is  you have my full honesty, if you ask me a question though, you must put this as your status as well "
ate a live nonexistant human  they tast like salt 
just watched coming to <propfemale>  hilarious! well anyways good night all 
"a new year, and a new life! here's to new friends and to the start of the academy"
"my day was amazing, worked and got time and a half  <propmale> out with <propmale> and stefen, shot an airsoft sniper rifle  then i went to area 51 with yazmine, <propfirst>, and <propmale>  it was a blast, first day of the year was great, hopefully a sign of good to come "
failed to get promoted  it just made me more dedicated to getting it next time though!
i wish for fire!
my ideal gocernment should do the following: 1  support eduaction  2  support the military (veterans to)  3  give a sensibel mix of economic and political rights  4  the political process needs to be open to everyone! 5  enforce the law! not just make more laws!
cat!!!
"is going to bed  got second in laser tag today, out of 35 i got second  that is so wierd "
i love that swordfighting is back  life is going good 
voltaire is amazing  if anyone disagrees you can go     eat left overs from a month ago!
my sister is truly a bad person sometimes  but she is still my sister and i guess i have to love her anyways  i hope she finds her way in life 
kick ass is a great movie  i actualy cried from the sheer epicness of it 
"is thinking about life, and the world around him "
people! go yo my birthday party at <propfemale> on the 12th of may! if you need more info just mail me  please come its my 21st birthday 
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there  especialy to mine!
fire frogs?
only two days till my birthday! 21 here i come!
zeus!!!
i am now 21 years old!!!
drama in life has forced me to rethink the police force  they truely are heroes 
asheron's call? if anyone knows what it is you get kudos 
looking for group is a hilarious webcomic 
what does it mean when your being chased by a mob of people yelling something about brains?!
humanity continues to fail my e playful ectations 
liu bei!!!
the end is the begining is the end!
has shaved off his mustache and is testing out a goatee
"repo the genetic opera, sweeney <propmale>, these are the musicals i love  yes there dark, and gruesome, but the story is always to beautiful, in a dark gruesome kind of way "
the addams family!
"the rain today felt great  anyways time to hit the sack  goodnight all you humans, (and non as well) "
"darth revan  truely the greatest of the sith, now that was a great military commander "
"playing kotor again, still as epic as ever "
"what do you get when you mix; avatar: the last airbender, <propfemale> trek, <propfemale> wars, and <propfirst> and the choclate factory?"
an echani jedi consular would be so cool to see 
philisophical conversations that <propfemale> on from 11 pm to 5 am are amazing  we need more things like that in the world 
"long day of swordfighting  didnt do alot of it, but i did get to teach the groups philosophy more "
sleep is gooooood    
"if you want to rule the world, or to change it there are three personality traits you'll need; ambition, passion, and discipline  without these all those dreams you have will accomplish nothing "
"passion, discipline, ambition  what do they mean to you, what are they to you? post your thoughts bellow "
"the last airbender felt like a giant trailer  no substance, to fast of paced, it left you with a bad taste in the mouth  no charecter development, and everything felt forced, instead of fluid like it should "
"i'm back from las vegas  i have decided that i dislike gambling due to the town  to much corruption, it takes pure luck  i like to think and stratgize, the only gambling game i realy like it texas hold'em "
"i have a deep love for those that are my friends  i will protect them as best i can, for to me they are a family, my family "
"is in st <propfirst>, just got my car its a stick shift     yay    "
i've decided i like my car  getting used to driving stick 
who are you realy?
"until the end and back again \defiant to the last man \until there's nothing left \to fight against \no surrender- vnv nation"
"i am <propmale> kempin, archvillain extrodanaire  i am currently looking for minnions, to apply just reply comment below with you qualifications   smile "
"if twelve people like reply to this status i will write a book  a good book at that, 300+ pages "
"well i suppose i'l write a book then  question is what kind  i know lets vote out of the following  mix and match if you want \fantasy\sci-fi\modern\dark"
i am a hero who acts like a villain 
just connected my youtube and facebook accounts  no clue what that will do 
has a date tommorow 
"<propmale> me wings so i may fly, my restless soul is longing "
"my date was awsome! mingolf, dinner, and a movie  hopefully there will be a second one in the future "
school was awsome today  i can already tell you that it looks like yoga is gonna be painful  luckily its followed by my social problems class 
there is now a website for zeal if you are interested  it is highly underconstruction but has a forum and basic info on the group  thew site is www tavm webs com
poke me if you have ever had a crush on me  like this if you think i am hot put a  smile  if we are friends  put a  sad  if you don't like me  put a ? i you love me and always will  post this as your status and see what people say about you
i have to say i love my friends  your all awsome and crazy 
thinking about going to anime banzai  if i do should i go as gaara?
"well <propmale> left zeal today, as well as apparently decided to stop being my friend  my question to you all is was it right of him to do?"
"if you're reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, post a comment\of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when \you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be \surprised what people remember about you "
"is using google chrome  it looks nice, but so far thats about it "
i now return to the wonderland of my dreams  for when i awake again from my mind we shall all be free 
"today was way fun, played dungeons and dragons  found some inner peace, and enjoyed time with my friends  i need to stop taking life so seriously"
"i have found that i live to lives  my life at zeal, here i am probably the worst person i could be while also being the best  outside of zeal i am me! i am a happy go lucky person wishing to live a normal life and have friends who truely care for me  i hope for my own sake that i never meet my otherself "
"the starter for my car has died, i have over $300 dollars in medical bills, i have to pay rent, and get good grades in school, have a job  life just keeps putting more and more on my shoulders  \\and you know what     bring it on!!! i will not back down! this is my life!"
"lighting struck 10 feet behind me, i could see the flame, and i could feel the energy  it was the most frighting, and amazing e playful erience in my life "
"going to bed, my body is starting to ache  maybe i need a day to rest, i keep doing things nonstop  not enough hours in a day, not enough days in a week  ughh    "
damn me having dreams about me being undead!
well 10 and a half hours of work is surprisingly fun  plus i need the money 
"my phone is off, so if you want to reach me this is sadly the best way to reach me currently  or try and find me in person, i may also call people using other people phones "
is excited for his date on monday 
my date was canceled due to her getting sick  well i guess it can still <propfemale> out with my dnd group then 
wishes he knew who he was 
"is going to bed after a long, slightly painful day  zeal was awsome, and a professional photagrapher came by and took a good dozen photo's of our group  also be ready for when we get our poster ready and set out "
wonders if there is such a thing as good and evil? or is it just different ideals?
"the <propfemale> haired beauty dances within the palace of lights  her eyes <propfemale> with the light of the stars in the sky and her face hides a smile of a goddess  yet her eyes cry with a pity unlike the others  she is silent, and turns away from the knight  for she and he are not to be "
"days they come and go, but life, life is interesting "
"what is most important to you  you political freedoms (democracy), your economic freedom (capitalism), or your civil freedom (personal rights)  please post your responces, its for a class "
"well that is one painful looking <propfemale>  hopefully it will look better by friday, doubtful though "
just finished his test  now all i have to do is write my letter of interest for a promotion  wish me luck!
"how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list?? here's atask for you! i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you  you'll be amazed at some of the answers you get "
well i have an interview for the promotion on monday 
"is an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grewup reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do    that for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone!"
"didnt get promoted, is sick of the chocked up beuracracy that is our school system  wishes <propfemale> was like the nation that existed when washington was president (keep some of the amendments we have now ) wishes he could join the military  finaly he just wants to see the world become a better place instead of this pit we all live in now "
going to lunch with his grandfather 
post this as your status and see what people think of you  1) random  2) babe  3) i'd marry you  4) sweet  5) beautiful  6) talkative  7) hot   smile funny  9) moody  10) perfect type  11) love you  12) i miss you  13) gorgeous  14) strong  15) the best  16) awesome  17) dumb  1 smile  crazy        19) hate you  20) wooow   (;
"inbox\only-- tell me something you've always wanted to say to me, it stays \between us, i promise  post this as your status and see what you get "
1 hour till i head out to vegas!
just realized i forgot to post i was back from vegas  well i'm back (been back for a week )
finnaly has internet!
well i guess its time to get ready for the day 
enjoyed his date today  i hope work won't be to bad tommorow 
is so excited about passing his police academy entrance exam  police academy here i come!
got pulled over last night for supposedly having no insurance  he eneded up telling me how to possibly get the police force to pay for the academy  also i had insurance  smile 
"well going to the team member awards tonight  free food, prizes, and a movie  ya sounds like it could be a good time  all i'm missing is a good woman "
"narnia: voyage of the <propfemale> treader is good  all except for the overt religiousness at the end, but that is my only complaint and a minor one  it stayed very close to the book  4 5 stars out of five stars from <propmale> "
"work was terrible, never been so annoyed with closing in my life "
"i am both chaotic and orderly, i have strong principals and am willing to support them  i obey the law, but i am willing to bend it a little for the greater good  i am strict and orderly, but am i follow my heart when making decisions "
"please\put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone)\who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in\case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy\and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of\      people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers &\the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this"
didnt fet off work till nearly 4 in the morning  i shall have my revenge! lol
"my recent movie ratings \\tron legacy: 5 out of 5 stars, mostly do to epic action, and amazing effects  the musical score was great, and there was a story, you just need to look for it \\the next three day: 4 5 out 0f 5 stars, rarely does a drama keep you on the edge of your seat like this  it said more in the silent scenes then in the dialogue, truly amazing story telling "
"\the only winning move is not to play \"""""
"cowboy bebop, flcl, blood plus, outlaw <propfemale>, and code geass  these things define my personality, in the oddest way "
ughh    work was     annoying  but at least i get paid to do it 
the kings speach was amazing!
"work was ok, but now i get a party with my friends celebrating my entrance into the police academy"
so i had a dream last night about zombies  third night in a row 
"police academy is painful, but its the good kind of pain   smile "
"had a good date, went to a movie and lazertag "
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do \[like] this status if you think i'm a good friend \[message] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me, and i wont tell a soul \[comment] on this if we've had some good memories  \now lets see whose brave enough to copy this on their status"
"i am loving the police academy, sadly i have no girlfriend to support me  luckily though i have a great family, and amazing friends who do   smile "
rate me! 1  you love me 2  i'd date you 3  handsome 4  hot 5  ugly 6  i hate you 7  best friend 8  funny 9  random 10  i'd kiss you 11  weird 12  i miss you 13  realy awesome 14  crazy
life is confusing sometimes 
"life is servitude;\life is pain;\life is good "
"i keep having dreams that i wish i couldnt wake from, but then when i do awake i am happy to know those dreams can become reality  all i need to do is put in the hard work and effort "
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on all status today"
i am using my friends ipad to type this 
"in vegas visiting my dad  the temperature is nice down here, i can wear short sleeves with no coat!"
"the strip is beautiful at night, once you get past all the people selling you stuff or shouting how your a sinner and need to repent and fear god "
"thank you packers for your win, i am now 10 dollars richer "
"back from vegas, getting ready to head out to the police acadmey now "
i forgot how much i loved the corpse bride  i need to buy it 
"basement flooded this morning, well the water heater room did  still needed a bucket to get all the water out  took nearly two hours to get it the water mostly out  the terror is over and life returns to normal "
"had a fun date, life is going well  also the eagle is absolutely amazing, i recommend it to everyone "
"today was great  work started out kinda sucky, only me and <propmale> opening, but it went by fast  then i did a little bit of filming with yaz  at school i actualy enjoyed the two mile run, and was in the top quarter! in defensive tactics i got all the moves down perfectly on the first time, for 90% of the moves  i hope it continues to go well like this   smile "
so i need someone t ovolunteer to be my practice dummy for my police takedowns and searches  i will even make you food of i feel like it   smile 
"i love life, yet it is so wierd "
"i am canceling zeal today, the snow is not letting up  my appologies to all members "
"i'm almost human, and i do it all because i'm evil!!!! mwah ha ha ha!!!"
"i am beging to understand who i am  i like who i am, and who i'm going to be "
just finished my dt final today  i got 155 points out of 157 possible  a little over 98% on it  i was in the top 10% of the class (3 people) so i'm super happy! i just need to remember not to break who i'm doing it on 
is currently recording his life  hurray!
sibling war!!!!!! copy this if you are the best looking and smartest of your siblings  if it stands for an hour without your siblings protesting then its so true!
hapy st  <propfirst>'s day!
"had an amzing day, and is very happy  i may be single, but i am happy and content, thats all that matters, being happy   smile "
"so i think i finnaly have my life together  life is good, and its a challenge, but a fun one "
ugh just as life gets going well i get sick  blast you irony!!! i wll get better i swear it!!!
"so i had the flu last week, just got over it  while i had the flu though i also got an ear infection, but that issomething i can handle (meaning i can still excercise while dealing with) "
