54bb48e1f292fd5456835b33e1674e92
came back to arizona yesterday *sigh* i miss my friends and spokane!!! d: now i have to wait five months!!! d: but hey maybe i'll be stunning when i come back lol  and i get the sims 3!
if you're hapy and ya know it clap your hands! aha  oh <propfemale>'s party 
"if i am going to be criticized for things that aren't obvious to everyone this site is pointless, i came to stay in touch with my friends, especially since i have a 98% <propmale> of moving really soon  to all my friends who took the ap tests, good job  i cou"
"please read!!! all my friends this is important!!! it is official, i am moving to arizona  seriously  i'll have a party   but i'll miss all of you guys (no matter how irritating you can be sometimes!) so comment if you want or call me  i'll be going in a "
i kidnap (p?) all my friends!!! muwahahahahahahaha!!!  and i'l take you all to australia!!!  love 
okay ppl when should i have my going away party? i might not be here for by the time school starts   so when should that happen?  laugh 
i think i am being watched while sleeping    0-0
i am seeing <propmale> potter    again rofl it is a good movie  a great movie  smile   and that's all i can think of at the moment   
"has a very weird brother who wants to put a single pickle in a jar, put googley eyes on it and name it jebadiah  and you all thought i was weird!!! lol"
i like the quizzes and the random stuff on here!  laugh 
"okay it is official, deelee <propmale> is moving to az! d:  i'll miss everyone  but i will be here for at least two weeks of school  if anyone has anything to say to me say it soon  laugh "
i wish i looked a bit more mature d<  it's only good to look younger when your older! i could pass for 15   that's 3 years younger! lol
i am trying to find a red headband with a red bow!  smile  cause i wore something close to that on the fourth of july and felt really cute!! ( for once  laugh  )  does nayone know where i can get that kind of headband!?!?!
"i won't be here for this last school year, but maybe i'll come for prom!  laugh  who knows "
is really good at making delicious treats like brownies and banana bread  the bread has chocolate chips  wink 
"wore actual make-up today  i promised a friend that she could literally doll me up  believe me, i look totally different! i'll put up the pics tommorow lol  in the pictures i look like a dark aristocrat   surprise "
"dosent know what to do tommorow  sad   and wants to make the most delicous brownies in the world   then get dressed up and take more pictures  (i think that even though i don't need it and hate to wear it, i look pretty good in make-up rofl)  good night world!!!"
just got new glasses!  laugh  it's about time! d<  now i will be sexy with these   that and i will be wearing my contacts a lot more   smile 
"is tired out! man, what a busy day! i've been up since 8 smile 0 and just came home! (although the last few hours were the best hours of the day, yay for <propfemale> and the wii  smile  )  i got a new bed, dresser, and two nightstand things, plus my mom got a new honda fit! (the one that can fit a llama inside ;3 ) its mostly my car though lol  and i moved tons of huge furniture! @-@   anyways it was a loooooong day!"
what if i said i liked someone   ya know to shake things up? lol just wondering how people would react  smile  but actually i don't think i would ever admit to liking someone to my parents because they'd rub it in my face since i have been saying that i won't date anyone until college  0-0 yeah it's random but i threw it out there cause i saw a lot of couples today   laugh  i mean really who would i date? lol i can't imagine playful 
i just threw my back out! *cries* being as old as i am hurts sometimes! lol
"i will be taking my leave for good in six weeks  wow  i've never met so many wonderful, awesome friends, nor have i had so many! thank you all!! even though it's early  smile "
who thinks it's high time i get on the make-up train? lol well for one my mother d:
is most likely gonna go to the oregon coast tommorow   maybe lol  and i bought a new pair of high heels! yay! and other new clothes   like black skinny jeans  laugh 
is enjoying the coast! very very pretty!!
<propfirst> beaches are pretty and serene but gives you a killer workout if you walk as many <propmale> as i did today @-@
is back from the oregon coast!!  laugh  and in a few days i will be taking a trip down to az for a whole week d: then after i come back we have just one last whole week of summer!!! d:
just got back from eating with friends in band  man i love those kids!  laugh   and    i got a really bad sunburn on my back!!! d:
"is wanting so badly to stay! i have actually cried to sleep on several occasions  even if i jokingly said that i have hated  disliked some of you, i really love ya!  laugh  and good luck with the car wash band!"
i really hate the weather az   but i do like the palm trees  smile 
"this is final  we got a house in arizona, we are officially moving the second week of october  i am sorry"
"is back from that state, however guys   i'll be leaving in a month an two weeks   so about 7-8 weeks i will be gone  haws i am so depressed! anyone know a good joke?  sad "
i was so totally <propfemale>!!! why doesn't that quiz work! d: <propfemale> is my favorite!
"feels tons lighter, like a weight has been lifted  now if i can just rid of this headache and stop accidentaly biting her chhecks whenever i have gum! lol i really want to sing silly songs right now!! anyone else feel like that? lol"
i've seen 121 out of 270 movies  laugh 
"talked to renner today, got the classes straightened out and made some cake  laugh  it's red <propfemale> cake! my favorite type! srly! lol i love to bake   even though i <propfirst> bake often, i am a good baker!  laugh  yay school!"
"alrighties, since i know that ppl are checking their classes  her are mine in order   citizenship, aerobics, women's choir, trig ( i am bad at math > > ), jewelry, and    pop lit  there you go  now if you share any classes please let me know!  love  i have 1st lunch too  smile "
is seeing the time travelers wife today!  smile  then baking more cookies in the shapes of giraffes and unicorns!   love 
ok i want everyone who sees this to either say a or b!  smile  thanks! i have a decision to make so please tell me!
"this year is fun but also crappy  i say that because this year it seems that most people want to go to homecoming with dates   which is stupid, i would rather go with friends, or have all of us get dates and go  not both, one or the other  dates or groups  > > i know i am being irrational here "
just found out that the only thing holding me back from that big dance is my mom  she thinks i need a date and that a dress would cost $200 or more   *facepalm*
"just got back from dress shopping   and found nothing  but i did find these totally amazing high heels! and also made more giraffe and unicorns with bff    laugh  and i don't look too badvin a dress  surprise  yeah   oh and i am gonna see 9 tommorow! anyone can come! i will post the time <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and i are going  smile "
20 school days left    geez   
i am hopefully gonna have my senior pictures done soon  smile  and    i am sorta tired of feeling tired and sad    sad 
anyone wanna offer some good ideas to use in my senior pictures? any thing that you think needs to be in my picture? lol like a <propfemale> or puppy?  laugh  i was thinking balloons or bubbles!  laugh 
why do things always have two sides? i just want more than a few days of peace!!!  laugh 
"is happy and sad, but mostly feels loved  i really love everyone  i mean everyone too  i can't wait to come back!    but the issue now is   who will be my prom date?  laugh  well i still have awhile!  love  thanks so much everyone!!!!!"
sad day!!! no one truly knows the meaning of my name!! lol  i wish that i could find it    
just said good-bye to all of my friends at school   but i have this lollipop so it is a little better!  smile  i am alright for now!
"i am moving tomorrow instead of tuesday  d: i will miss you all, but that what facebook is for!  love  i love you all!!!! i cannot wait to see you again may 22!"
-_- so i am tired    but st  <propfirst> is very pretty! i am on the boarder of utah and <propfemale>  personally i love utah!  laugh 
bored  really really bored -_-  guys   i miss you all so much  school is way too long and uninteresting  i want to go back there   or at least find stuff to do around here  annoyed 
dude!!! i am looking for my sister   i think she might be on facebook! but i dunno her name is <propfemale> smith  i have not seen or talked to her in 14 years    d: but i think i found her   
"is finishing   or trying to finish her government project which forces her to create a political party with candidates, fundraisers, supporting platforms and more   due friday -_-  its called the llama party!  laugh "
"i had a pretty good christmas   however it was like, 70 here  -_-   i am going back to spokane in two days!!!"
happy new year everyone!!!!  love 
new semester   d:
i don't really like school  sad  they don't have any exclusive senior stuff only prom d: no senior all nighter!?!?!
75 degrees today   so that means by march i'll be swimming in my pool  laugh  but then its sort of weird    
65 mph winds and 5 inches of rain e playful ected  overall i am in a down mood > >
"well i've heard there was a secret chorddavid played and it pleased the lordbut you don't really care for music, do ya ?well it goes like this:the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall and the <propmale> liftthe baffled <propmale> composing hallelujah   i want to play this on the piano!  surprise "
mangos are really good!
"what would you do if you were the opposite sex? well i think that is an intersting question! i might be a \gansta\"" for a day """
its chocolate day!  laugh 
finding a job is tiring -__-
i was called annoying   am i d:  no i am not! > laugh 
i think i have a fever   or maybe because it is like    85 degrees here  @-@i need to cool off!!!! d:
is enjoying spring break  smile  and i have my friend from <propmale> here! yay for <propfemale>!!  laugh  oh and i got my prom dress ;3
get ready people i am so going to spokane! :'d  and it is extremely boring here d:
so at around 3 pm today there was a 7 6 or some earthquake in sandiego and i felt the shaking here     surprise 
is drawing on her tablet :'d so cool except shading is hard d:
last day of high school is may 28 for me! muwahahahah!
ugh    90 degree weather - _-
just jumped in the pool :'d for 10 bucks!
is eating homemade chocolate chip cookies! and tomorrow i make my brownies  laugh 
betcha can't guess what i got in <propfemale> pocket!  laugh  lol
get ready for me spokane! ;'d
i don't want to be here!!! d: -cries for real-
sooooooo yeah   8 days of school left for me  smile 
my birthday is in    8 days! :'d 19 baby!
last day of school   whoa   
<propfemale> birthday yo!
i got a computer for my birthday!! :'d and an itunes card    and some money for graduation  laugh 
i graduate tomorrow!    d: without all of you! -sobs- now no one will be able to see my trip up the stairs and make a fool of myself on stage! someone give me a hug?  laugh 
"well, graduation was   fun (?) but no one cheered for me    parents don't count  lol but i will be cheering you guys on when you all graduate!  love "
is in colorado  :'d i love the mountains and all the cool things to do  love 
"is sad for you all graduation, yet happy because you all are amazing  love "
is likeing the colorado weather    and is going to see the <propfemale> bride at the red rocks ampithreather  oh and go see a-team! best movie ever!
it is one hundred and eleven here people  stupid arizona   and i might be moving again d:
has requium for a tower stuck in my head      @ @ to epic!
ugh     nothing to do    maybe i will draw    or sleep   sleeping sounds nice  laugh 
making a plushie is a lot harder than it looks  d: but listening to music helps  smile  any song suggestions people?
i think that my lack of friends in this state is starting to make me crazy    er  laugh 
"going to <propmale> & busters today! :'d it is an arcade, but for teens and adults! no annoying little kids running everywhere "
"why does it rain, rain, rain down on utopia?\\why does it have to kill the ideal of who we are?\\why does it rain, rain, rain down on utopia?\\and when the lights die down, telling us who we are?\utopia by within temptation with <propfirst> jones   love this song! o3o"
still trying to sort out school stuff d: man i hate community college  i can't wait to go to the university in 2 years  laugh  and i am moving   again but to colorado! so if any of ya like that state and visit tell me  laugh 
"okay, anime nerd time  romeo x <propfemale> is so amazing in animation! d: and sad "
"it was 87 degrees here last night! ;3; i haven't e playful erienced that type of coolness since april! thank you heavens! oh gawd, how one misses the clouds and rain  lol"
"u-u had to go to the hospital yesterday for potential appendicitis  good thing is that i don't have it   but i am still at a risk  instead i found out that i am sick, though its not serious~"
still sick  > >   it is like this  every time i eat i get full  then about and hour later i feel like i am gonna hurl  and i am sick of drinking water  but last day of medication! o3o i blame the hot weather l
"if anyone wants me to draw them like my profile pic is drawn    ask lol\o3o i love drawing"
i am lucky    and then not  my college is just a couple <propmale> away  ;~;  so i get to stay home which is good    but then i get to stay home   which is also bad d:
okay  in my english community class (which is three hours of english!  laugh ) we played three rounds of limbo  laugh  it was cool  smile  though bending hurts cause of yesterday's car accident episode lol
"found another person with the same name! so cool  her name is spelled deelee though, so it is a little different  anyways i think it's awesome plus of all the photography i have seen of hers, they all amaze me!"
finally friday -3-
i think    i love moonlight sonata   so beautiful~  love 
we got a new car    er    i think it counts as a car lol it is a 2010 nissan rogue (palin: we're going rogue me:     -pushes her down a well-) and it is red! uhn!
i have some psychological damage now   i am afraid of brake lights    what kind of phobia would that be called? lol
i made a skype~ deelee jackson add!! :'d
i have a love hate relationship with buffet restaurants   i always overeat and feel sick after all that   glorious food  -__-  annnnd now i feel sick
who else is tired? -3- there isn't anything interesting happening! lol i wish something cool would happen!
   if i poked you   it means i like you! :'d lol you are all such good friends ;~;
   i love pumpkin foods!  laugh 
i loved vampires suck   laugh  so funny
   my parents would rather get me clothes for christmas than let me go up to spokane  pay 150$ for clothes or pay 150$ to change a plane ticket so i can see you all  this doesn't make sense and i want to cry  ;~;
"there is a 7 yr old kid with an iq of 176     surprise  he is smarter than 99 999% of the world population  with the average iq being 136 that is amazing  does anyone know there legit iq? mine (yes i was tested  laugh ) is 155, five points from being certifiably genius  laugh  surprised? i am really    really good at solving puzzles   mazes, and navigation~ what are you guys really good at?  laugh  what is your iq?!?!"
i want to go to the spokane fair d:
i really want to play my <propfemale> again d:     and if i do start playing again i can make peoples ears bleed with the horrible sound!  laugh 
who is going to be in spo this winter break?  laugh  because i can prolly go up and see all of you silly rascals~ so who is gonna be there? i can totally see you guys   that is if you want to see me  laugh 
mine is on the dining room table always
it is finally feeling a little cooler here   go 80-90 degree weather!  laugh 
"why does this site demand so much attention? its okay for a bit, but then you always recive random invites and creeper friends requests  plus logging on is addictive because there is too much to look at   @ @"
it amazes me when i get friend requests from people i haven't had contact with for 5--7 years  o:
"the people who changed my life and taught me the most are (in order): <propfirst> (first best friend ever  co), <propfemale> (after <propfirst> moved away, she died though  sad   co), shaneay (wy), <propfirst> [ashe] (moved away co), <propfemale> (red-head g co), <propfemale> [kiyopiko] (brunette g wa)  if i didn't mention you its not that i don't love you, its that you helped along with whoever you know on this list!  love 3 love you guys so much!!~"
je veux <propfemale> portique pour apparaître dans mes maths classe  ou au moins apprendre quelque chose nouveau dans l'<propfemale>iversité !
"is making chicken pot pie, yo"
mr  potter   
"i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, there they are a standing in a row~ big ones, small ones, some as big as your head  give 'em a twist a flick of the wrist  that's what the showman said~"
"i wish i had fun stuff to do  i got more books at the library   reading is   fun, most of the time  lol  -sigh-"
happy thanksgiving everyone! i am so thankful to have so many wonderful friends~
homemade pizza time~  wink   those who have had our homemade pizza are the lucky ones!
how many people would honesty notice if i deleted my fb account? srsly?
"on the 12th day of christmas my true love sent to me~ 12 drummers drumming, 11 pipers piping, 10 lords a-leaping, 9 ladies dancing, 8 maids a-milking, 7 swans a-swimming, 6 geese a laying, 5 <propfemale> rings, 4 calling birds, 3 french hens, 2 turtle doves, and a partridge in a pear tree~ yay christmas eve    i want to go ice skating d:"
got a 3 4  sad  stupid history paper   made me get a b  at least i won't cost my parents extra money on car insurance this year 
most boring christmas ever    annoyed  geez i have never had a christmas be so   un-christmas-y  well i still wish everyone well   smile 
"i had so much fun!  love  merci piko-chan~ i am inspired to be an even better person! but upon being home i have already gotten yelled at tt^tt  what did i do? d: i dun like being home very much, plus there is nothing to do   "
hnnnn i need to find something to occupy my time  something fun that can keep me outta thinking about how pathetic i feel  uhm   maybe i could start trying to draw again? i dunno ;~;
"   i <propfirst>  i actually <propfirst> something decent after waiting and getting frustrated for 4 months  what is this nonsense? did my skill go on a 4 month break?  laugh  well, it still looks crappy, but hey, its a picture! lol"
"do what is right; be faithful and fearless; onward press onward, the goal is in sight  eyes that are wet now ere long to be tearless, blessings await you in doing whats right  i like this song o3o  love "
"soooo i was withdrawn from my photo class by my teacher  why? i have no idea, i was feel horrible last thursday so i didn't go to class  what made him drop me?  sad  but i am not taking that class anymore   just 4 classes for me"
   so much   colouring!  @ @  and i still hate the new fb ads  so freakin' annoying > sad 
