549ce63b6f1d5065149563520df1196f
yo let's get a squad and go see the last airbender on thursday
that's a million dollar record right thar 
ladder to heaven? that's fucking stupid 
"munn: \can't you give a free sample to a pretty lady?\"" chowder: \""yea"," you know one\"" munn annoyed ""how bout a sample for a ugly lady?\"" chowder annoyed "" no ugly women gotta pay \"549ce63b6f1d5065149563520df1196f,"thinking of all the times i could have done things diffrently, i really wish i had "
"fuck you m night haven't seen last airbender, but everyone says it sucks "
haven't felt this good in a long time 
dbz arbidge 16 out now!
"i was going to solve world hunger, cure aids, discover a new eneregy source, and figure out what to do about the oil in the gulf     but then i got high "
basically been drawing since 10  time flys by when making a doodle 
i'm about to misuse my hand upside you heeeaaaaaddd 
dats not niccee 
i need a deck so i can blaze and wath the lighting 
fuck you facebook! won't even let me change my name to super kame guru! bullllshitt!!
another day another peso 
fuck you rain!
"fuck dude, i wish the avatar shit was real  (not the movie)"
can your science e playful lain why it rain?
dammit <propfirst> now i'm hyped about this avatar shit
shit has become to plain and routine  :  
sweet my name change was approved
need to complete the list  1 watch every cartoon from six o'clock in the morning until noon 2  to eat three bowls of the cereal containing the most sugar 3  to ride down the most dangerous hill in the neighborhood with his bike 4  to play baseball with every kid in the park 5  finally go the movies to sit through it three times in a row 
boorreedd but on the bright side getting my cook on 
and now we wait 
stop tasting like almonds!!!
_______________: (
ahh i geek myself out 
yo basically the people on my face book are only people really trust to move out with so yea if you are serious about going out to cali hit me up need to find a general area to look for jobs in and a decently cheap place and futher planning 
his palytupus bear? no just it says just a bear  armadillo bear? gopher bear? no just a bear 
fuck you for striking again friday the 13th 
"someone who can draw realistic looking portraits, please teach me the way "
"yo everyone that's down for the trip, look up selling phone wallpapers  going to need to be doing more then that but could be one source of income "
