40e5bb64c22aa864aaa682dc5a48eff9
you wanna learn what grinding really means? lol work with qthequestion
"cant wait till 8pm on abc, anew episode of big bang theory!"
bazinga!
never smoke anything called freight train lol just take my word for it
wheres all my gamers out there? who remembers road rash and skitch'n
"went to a surprise wedding today, was supposed to be a family gathering but they got us lol! lots of fun"
"a 1,000 mile journey begins with a footstep!"
"gotta love writing marketing strategies out, nothing like research  out the wazoo lol itll be worth the time"
"watched the new freddy   wes craven mnaged to make this suck!!!it was good enough to watch,however not very scary and it's rather predictable   the new look <propmale> looks like an annorexic hillbilly on crack! definately not watching the sequel "
"in hindsight, i realized that all of those tough decisions we worth it   which led me to regain faith in my decisions   and without faith in ourselves we accomplish our status quo "
i cant stand this shitty area
they say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger    looks like ima be the hulk!
deer jerkey is the best
i think im the only insomniac up lol
"i\ am an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the \united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one \nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew\ up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do\ that for fear of offending    someone!! let's see    how many <propfemale>ns\ will re-post this and not care about offending someone"
"\i can see the hole world with just one glance yet im blind and out of control without a chance\""\",40e5bb64c22aa864aaa682dc5a48eff9,"about to watch \dexter\"" theee best show ever!"""
phucking bored as hell!  cant wait to move!
"think i have too many friends on here, if i dont hear from u on a norm,well you're getting dropped-lol,but true"
"i think i<propfemale> be a rapper and call myself trade mark,or key lo  and den <propfemale> rightn werrdz lik dis n dat n den be get precipituously dum<propfemale>, en den get me bout fooo nah figh buht fooo bay <propfemale> <propfemale>mz an den get <propfemale>d <propfemale> u <propfemale>ke phun uv <propfemale> in tell eh jence     oh wait society is already doing that dammit ! dont you love the future?"
"life is kinda like rummy    it's easy to know what cards are in your hand and understand your odds of winning,but hard to accept that you must discard your <propfemale>"
"awesome metal band,playing some beautiful music non metal music lol hope y'all like it also"
"has anybody notice how we are devolving? i mean look at society as a whole: everything has become smaller,compact and shortened to convene our increasingly shrinking attention spans  cellphones do everything,cars park themselves,families dont eat together,ten year olds have cell phones,music has been reduced to shit,everything's a reality show and i especially hate when people spell like retarded sea donkeys"
"man dont ever smoke  trainwreck unless you have about 15 hours of free time! lmao, shit put me in a 14 hr coma!"
job market here        
the fucking job market out here fucking blows   and if you do get an interview they are shallow minded cocksuckers
thank god for music     it's better steak lol
thank god for music     it's better steak lol     
"good day today, ate some good food at my aunt <propfemale>'s"
i don't mind paying for a friends way to go out   what i can't stand is when they e playful ect you to pay and wanna go somewhere fancy because they're high maintenance broke!!!
and people who all boujee and are no farther along in life than yourself
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas   a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status; in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
its like im bored and content at the same time lol
"inbox only, 2010 is almost over, confess something you've always wanted to tell me  it will stay between us  put this as your status and see who suprises you"
thanks for all the support and confidence everyone has shown me today! looks like im going to climb up the ladder of success!
crazy ass fun get 2gether at mig well's lol
boring ass day!
"just something i wrote awhile back entitled annoyed \heart n soul\\to my heart and soul,\and half of my mind,\oh how i think of you all the time \\you are in my heart, \also entrenched in my spirit,\when it comes to love,\you're my dearest \\emotions fill the void,\that others left behind,\oh how i am grateful,\that you are finally mine \\and so to you,\who fills the depths of it all,\that you are indeed,\my heart and soul "
"thankful to have gotten pneumonia    finally got scared into quiting smoking, 3 days strong and absolutely no urges"
"if you fart, they will run!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from rectal cranial inversion  rectal cranial inversion (otherwise known as head up your ass syndrome) affects the lives of many  there is still no known cure for rectal cranial inversion, but by posting this in our statuses we can raise awareness  this cause is close to my heart  sadly, i meet many people who have been afflicted with it everyday  "
"right now would be a great time 2 have a girlfriend or just a decent friend    incoming snowstorm, the big bang theory is on at 8 and after that watching 3 really good movies i rented  :  )"
"right now would be a great time 2 have a girlfriend or just a decent friend    incoming snowstorm, the big bang theory is on at 8 and after that watching 3 really good movies i rented : )"
"if i were being dragged out and arrested by the cops in front of you, why would you think they'd be arresting me for?"
"always cut out the ones who include you in their generalizations, delusions and skepticism! take the high road, yet stand up for yourself!  dont let paranoid dimwits bring you down!"
"miyamoto musashi was the man!!! if y'all don't know about him, read \the five rings\"""""
qui vult dives in dies suspendatur in anno 
g t  got some tricks up his sleeve!!!  who's got that hip hop iller than aides? g t  thats who!!
"study the greats, learn from them, focus on the big picture, and you will be studied one day   because you achieved greatness"
"always cut out the ones who include you in their generalizations, delusions and skepticism! take the high road, yet stand up for yourself! dont let paranoid dimwits bring you down!"
"?? ?????? ????? ??????, ? ?? ???? ?????, ???? ?? ?? ??????? ? ??????????? ?????????! ???? ????? ???? ???????? ?????????!"
"succeeding at achieving  great monetary means, does not mean you are an individual of wealth!"
"revolution is in my d n a , corporate <propfemale> n politicing just ain't for me!!!!"
something tells me that i am meant to be a philosopher   so many epiphanies today
"there's no chip on my shoulder, it's called a great mind and no room 4 bullshitting"
"never thought 3 litle birds by <propmale> marley was so simple n easy to play\3 songs in one day    dangerously focused lol"
"chilling with my retarted friends  and our \electrical technology\"" ps <propfemale> likes turdnuggets"""
all im gonna say is chocolate covered ramens   mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
you asshole lol
"when you are working towards life goals and are focused, there's going to be a an adjustment period  welcome a great opportunity and positive change, even if it shatters your psychological ego! besides since you are making changes, your old shell was too small and broken to hold you anymore!"
"take it and run with it, real friends will understand and be there when you accomplish your goals  who knows, you may find some new friends who share your passions and goals! either way your life is going to be better!"
"only through full comprehension, comes full knowledge  however, only through e playful erience comes full comprehension!"
"there needs to be another revolution in <propfemale> and worldwide, not a war! an intelligent non violent  geared toward the needs of our watered down society,being kind to your neighbor,im proud to be a human being revolution!"
whoo hoo last night in p a !!! california here i come!!!
"i was lost in the rhythm then one thing occurred kept feeding my brain accumulating words  i realized my gift was spitting flames absurd putting intellect in phrases educating my verbs amplifying the literature can't define what i spit at cha competition is ministered standing next to a sinister rhyme beast, lines feast on the minds least  ready for my lyrical pedigree i'm deadly!- g t "
"those who accuse without knowing, do so because they think you are like them!!!"
you can't really knock the facts that are real but still you think different on the way that they feel i love the way that you chill it always seems to be real never exaggerating on the way that you feel!
mmmmmmmm  home made chicken fajitas
"it's a damn shame that todays youth knows drake and lil <propmale> songs,without knowing a tupac and biggie song! or think thattpain is better than <propmale> <propfemale>"
"if you are trying to call me, im searching 4 my charger      just call the house"
was it just me or did the black eyed peas suck or what? fergy just analy raped sweet child of mine    only cool parts were slash usher  and the visuals
lets start a petition for a real band to play the halftime show next year if we start now we will succeed!!!!! a band that is realistic to actually get the gig! i say ac dc for next year! who's with me?
lets start a petition for a real band to play the halftime show next year if we start now we will succeed!!!!! a band that is realistic to actually get the gig! i say ac dc for next year! who's with me? started by <propfirst> bauder    copy n paste if you agree
to hell with <propfirst> salesmen! and <propfirst> themselves nobody likes you get a job that counts!
lol normal people scare me
"if you fart, they will run!!!!"
when's the nba gonna have a real dunk contest  every year its middle of the pack players competing  im pretty sure im right when i say everybody would rather see:kobe lebron dwight howard durant n etc instead of these no name r-tarts
damn cervical neck column of mine!!!
i'm a leprachaun fish that doesn't drink   a lil ironic dontcha think lmao
"just put my deer meatloaf in the oven, 4 yall who've had my cooking y'all know i go in! time to learn a song or two till then, hit me up"
"yay valentines day,big whoop"
happy valentines day tp my friends!  maybe next year lol
i lost my damn cell phone!!!1
