6087da4200c99afcbd5908563c2ab581
"celebrating dalton's 6th birthday today!! my baby is not a baby anymore--getting so big--big day of bowling, ice cream, and presents!!"
my boys and i all have the swine flu--been playing with too many piggies on farmville  connor has croup and pharyngitis as well  he is home from the hospital  i am still really sick  <propmale> is better--connor isn't up to par yet  thank you for all the prayers  we love you all 
going to bed now--have been up all night at the hospital---very tired--just had to do some catching up  thank you everybody for your prayers and wishes--
"thank you mom, <propfemale> and <propfirst> for helping me with all my things while i haven't been able to do anything--love you all so much  going to try and get some rest now  xoxo"
happy thanksgiving to all my family and my friends!!!! i love you all
help!! i need blood of elders and quick--only have 37 minutes
my <propmale>'s birthday tomorrow!!! 7 years old---i just cannot believe how fast the years keep flying by 
seems just like yesterday he was a <propfemale> little 6lb 2oz newborn lying in my arms  now he is so big and time is not slowing down at all  he is so smart and wonderful  i want to cry every time i look at him and see what an amazing person he becomes every day
i need blood of elders --- help please
blood of elders----help me please!!! lol
i've completed my spice rack!!! thanks everyone! no need to send gifts for the rack 
help!!!!! i put <propmale> eggs on and need some gifts to make it for 2 more days!!! help please!! lol
having trouble sending gifts!!! won't let me   try again tomorrow
what is going on with the games!!!! it takes 20 <propfemale> to load the cafe and the farm   i can't send gifts  tells me i have no more left when i haven't sent them yet  people did not receive what i think did get sent   can't get anything out of the bonus checkers   takes hours   !!!! anyone else having these problems!! makes you want to just <propfemale> it up!
"please, do not accept any  friendship inquiries from: <propmale> dreyer, matthias damberger, <propfirst>  <propfemale>, <propmale> berneder or <propfirst> becker !!!!! these are hackers!!!!!  they can destroy the hard disk!!!!!!    please, copy text on your  bulletin board!!! so that your friends are protected and are warned5  hours ago"
how do you get another chicken coop? or an extension? if you know please write me in my private messages as i don't see the wall enough! thanks !!!!
vampire wars i need pyrokinesis x2 if anyone can help me  thank you so very much!!!!!!
happy easter!!!
"my bonus checker for cw and fv not working for 2 days now, my mom having same issue  anyone else?"
"i do not like what facebook has done with cafe world--if i want to spice my own dish, i can't simply because someone has gone in and done it already--not cool> so i am asking all my wonderful neighbors to please not spice any of my dishes--it's not like the farm where you can't fertilize your own crops so your neighbors have to help you---we can do our own dishes  thank you for understanding "
"i do not like what facebook has done with cafe world--if i want to spice my own dish, i can't simply because someone has gone in and done it already--not cool> so i am asking all my wonderful neighbors to please not spice any of my dishes--it's not like the farm where you can't fertilize your own crops so your neighbors have to help you---we can do our own dishes  thank you for understanding "
how do i take a picture of my farm? i can't figure it out  lol
happy mother's day to all you mother's out there  today is the day we know we are truly blessed!!! xoxoxoxo
recovering from a hernia sucks!!!!!!!
thank you to everybody who thought of me on my birthday!!!!!!! you are all the best!!! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
"gamersunitesnag bar users - from zynga: \we have implemented acode to detect users enhancing their game e playful erience by using programs of this type  once an account has been detected it will be disabled until the end user contacts our customer support  accounts disabled may be re-set to    'normal' \""they will make you    startover from scratch! it's about time! pass this on"""
to all my friends: i do not care what people want to do to enhance their gaming e playful erience as long as it is not hurting me  but when we are losing our gifts it is not fair--
i love my friends and do not want to have to get rid of people because they do not want to do it the old fashioned way--good old elbow grease>we all want to make things easier  i work 50 hours + a week and i fully understand the time issue  but i still go to the wall and the bonus checker like everyone else has to 
it just sucks when i go there and cannot get anything after its only been posted for 2 seconds because some program stole it from me--that is crappy  i worked hard to get where i am on these games and it sucks to know it is pointless to try since i can't win unless i cheat--i don't want that  i will quit it all first  love to all my friends  
happy birthday and happy father's day paw paw--we love and miss you so very much  rip
can anyone help me? i only need 2 nails and 2 bricks to make the beehive  so hard when you work!!
can anyone send me a nail? i only 1 more to make my beehive! thankyou! xxxooo
"made three different things in the spa today, but nothing is in there  it did not process yet i still lost all the the stuff i had to get to make the things  bs  so mad  nothing is working correctly anymore it seems like "
my mother made me a cake for cw and i went to find it   nowhere to be found! what is this all about? anyone know by any <propmale>??
anyone know how i can defeat <propfirst> lil' loco alves in mafia wars?? can't get him
thanks to all my mom's friends in farmville to take me on!! i will do the very best i can!!xxxoo
all my great fv friends  don't need any more engine parts or building parts  however i will honor all requests for these  thank you everyone! xxxooo
all my wonderful fv neighbors  please lock up your farmer  it makes it so much easier and faster to fertilize your crops  i know people that will not do it if your farmer is not locked up xxxooo
to my neighbors  been sick and unable to send gifts to my mafia war friends  my mom has been taking care of my cafe friends and farmville  so sorry will try tomorrow 
"to\ my neighbors  been sick and unable to send gifts to my mafia war \friends  my mom has been taking care of my cafe friends and farmville  \so sorry will try tomorrow 4 hours ago clear"
i am done with the pigpen in fv!!! thank you everyone!! yeah!! don't need anymore parts  xxxooo
i am starting in cw grandpas bbq   any one that would like to help please send a request  don't know who to ask  if you are not doing the same order it helps no one 
i am doing sunday brunch in the cafe  if anyone needs help please send me a request and i will help  xoxox
thank you sooooooooooooo much to everyone who helped me complete my stoves!!!! i really do have the best friends on here!!!!!!!!!! xxxxxxxxoooooooo
i just spent an hour in the bonus checker getting parts for the combine and collected over 40 or more parts  i received only 8  i am so angry right now i want to scream!!!
"i have just started the corporate luncheon in cafe world  if any one needs help ,and can help me too  send a request! xxxooo"
"i have just started the corporate luncheon in cafe world  if any one needs help ,and can help me too  send a request! xxxoo almost ready to take off <propmale> drumsticks!"
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fail, cheered me on, kept me going strong and drove me crazy! moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom undefined ,       whether she's here with you or in heaven  undefined i love    you mom!! your the very best"
zynga!!!! please give us our <propfemale> boxes!!!!!!
what is going on in the cafe i don't know about  i get requests for bobbing apples and candy   what am i missing?
i have no bushels available to make things in the spa in farmville  4 days now 
"this is to all of our american soldiers may god bless you all and bring you home safe  thank you for everything   \welcome to the united states of america   please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american soldier  one died for your soul, theother for your freedom  if you agree   copy and paste in your status   god bless"
"let's\ see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends \list as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you  i am not only \glad to count you as friends, but also as family  let's see who's on my \friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your \status  i'll be watching to see who r   eally does <propfemale> family & \friendship thank you for being part of my life "
"welcome tothe united states of america   please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree   copy and paste in your status"
"welcome\ tothe united states of america   please remember only two defining \forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american \soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you \agree   copy and paste in your status"
"welcome\ tothe united states of america   please remember only two defining \forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american \soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you \agree   copy and paste in your status"
to all my wonderful cw and fv friends  my mother <propfemale> linthicum and i are now fully running my brother's cafe and farm  we are trying to be a good neighbor to all and bring these up to a better level for all  i would appreciate anyone that would want to be friends w  him  so we can get some help at times   we post everything   his name is <propmale> linthicum   please be friends if you can   thanks!
to all my wonderful cw and fv friends  my mother <propfemale> linthicum and i are now fully running my brother's cafe and farm  we are trying to be a good neighbor to all and bring these up to a better level for all  i would appreciate anyone that would want to be friends w  him  so we can get some help at times   we post everything   his name is <propmale> linthicum   please be friends if you can  
please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all of us! ?
can't get into farm  3 different browsers  can't get in  any one else having a problem?
<propmale> issues w  cw! can't send or receive   albost imposssible to send out help requests!!! what is going on!??
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country   usmc cpl  <propmale> <propmale> died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx  24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family r i p <propfemale> thank you for your service!!!!"
"god saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around u & whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched and saw u pass away  although we love u dearly, we could not make u stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he, only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this christmas"
i'm so sad!! my mama is on the airplane back to new mexico sad  we miss her so much already!!!
nobody to play canasta with now that my mama is gone-- sad 
"i may not be the most beautiful or the sexiest, nor do i have the \perfect body\""  i'm not the richest either  i might not be someone's first choice but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not because i'm good at being me  i'm not proud of some of the things i've done in the past but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me as i walk away  post this if you're proud of being you!"""
"i started the new years catering party--anyone wants to jump in and help---go for it---tried to send requests, but it says ooops something wron in the kitchen"
i did not post that farmville thing--it is a phisher----do not go --run a virus scan if you click on the link---
"a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not, investing their own money for your child's literacy, prosperity, and future  repost if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher "
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for   fear    of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone!"
"our son will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  its son's week    if you have a son who makes your life worth living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy and paste this to your status  love you, son!!"
any of my great friends in cafe world! if you can do it  would you please send a gift of the puff pastries? i don't think i'm getting any    xxxoooo
what's up w  fv!! i reunited the lamb over a week ago  i don't see a cupid castle   any one else having a problem?
will be helping for the banquet in cw  cooking for my brother  if anyone needs help  ask    everything coming off in the am xxxooo
"<propfemale> linthicum\doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%!!"
whats wrong w  cafe world!!! try to send help requests  they load names  try to send  problem in the kitchen  they don't go through  then you try again  no request available  used them all!
what is wrong in cw w  trying to send gifts  or requests for the catering order   whn i try to send help requests  it says  error  problem w  the kitchen  go back   the requests you tried to send are counted against you  can't even try again
my mom has made me laugh   wiped my tears   hugged me tight   watched me succeed   seen me fall   cheered me on   kept me going strong   and   drove me a little crazy at times   but mom's are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this as your status if you have or had a wonderful mom whom you love!
thank you mama--you made my day-- my one dream in life is to be where she is--i only can dream that one day i may get the opportunity to sing at the superbowl--
"oh my goodness!!! thank you all so very much---i have always dreamed of singing, but i always said that if i never made it, my only wish was to just to one day sing at the super bowl---i know it sounds silly, but i have always had that in my heart"
grace--i did audition for american idol---but they only wanted the bad people to make fun of on tv--they 86ed a wonderful talent before me and when they did that--i knew i didn't have a chance--it is a farce and all political--i cried for a week after that-- it was horrible to me--i drove all the way to san <propfirst> and left there with a piece of my heart left behind
"i am doing the valentines day catering order in cw  anyone who wants my help, please send me a request and i will help  i am doing this through tomorrow for anyone who wants help  xxxooo"
"if your dad was and is a hard working man and still is your hero, helped or helps you no matter how bad you are were or is was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one have one dad  this describes my mom too!"
does anyone in fv w  dogs that were completed a long time ago  now showing treats over their heads? whats up w  that?
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11   1 11 11   11 1 11   11 11 11           now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and   it will equal      111\~strange huh ??? ~"
cw friends--i am doing the vd order again!! lol---jump in on me--i have used up all my requests  xxxoooxxxoo
cw friends--i am doing the vd order again!! lol---jump in on me--i have used up all my requests  xxxoooxxxoo
need help w  v-day order  can't send requests       any one that can just find me and help  so appreciated! xxxooo
cw friends and fv   what is the issue!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't be sure any help requests for cw are even going out! freezing  18 connection errors! in fv just took off two crops  never even went in to my stalls!!! nothing!!!!!!
has anyone been able to cook any eggplant? i only need one more---uggghhh wish i could find just one!!
any one thats needs fish in v-day order  i have 27 off in 15 min!!!xxxoooo
any one thats needs fish in v-day order  i have 27 off in 15 min!!!xxxoooo
rest in peace andy--my friend  you will be sorely missed  the most unnecessary act and such a total shame---a young man and such a funny guy at that---lost to something so stupid--- to a man who has already served only 8 years in prison for another murder he committed and now he has selfishly stolen another man's life  it makes me sick
rest in peace andy--my friend and local police officer  you will be sorely missed  the most unnecessary act and such a total shame---a young man and such a funny guy at that---lost to something so stupid--- to a man who has already served only 8 years in prison for another murder he committed and now he has selfishly stolen another man's life 
"candle light vigil for <propmale> dunn a fallen police officer of sandusky, ohio tonight at 8pm on the corner of <propfirst> st, and hayes avenue  rest in peace <propmale>  you will be missed so much by all!!!"
"candle light vigil for <propmale> dunn a fallen police officer of sandusky, ohio tonight at 8pm on the corner of <propfirst> st, and hayes avenue  rest in peace <propmale>  you will be missed so much by all!!!"
"candle light vigil for <propmale> dunn a fallen police officer of sandusky, ohio tonight at 8pm on the corner of <propfirst> st, and hayes avenue  rest in peace <propmale>  you will be missed so much by all!!!"
is anyone available to send me a ctn  of eggs for the goal? have used up so many requests for help  just need one please!{cw}
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, kentucky usa little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving gray car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  canada  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child what would you want people to do"
xxxxxxxoooo
"just completed v- day order,,but did not post! i am redoing again!!! please help if you are cooking  xxxooo"
<propfirst> montgomery and <propfemale> parsons!!! change to italian!! the winning side!! lol!!!!!!xxxooooo
