e356ec72b9dd5b13e2623b905937d678
my tummy is full of yummy alligator meat!
had a blast saturday on the canoes but is really paying for it now  ouch evil sunburn!!!
lets go tigers!!!!
lsu won!!!!!
made an a on my sexual psych test  go figure  lmao
i miss my <propfirst>!!  sad 
you are my hero  i wish  i could have gotten to know you  it's been 20 years today and i know with every step that you are with me  i am a <propmale> in college now and everyday i am working to live up to your amazing legacy  every time i look at one of your 
i'm in the mood to play oboe all day! i feel inspired  wink 
"i have come to the conclusion that when you read an excess of shakespeare for a couple of weeks, you start to talk funny "
just got off work  i forgot how much coaching takes out of you  i'm thinking a nap sounds good about now 
im ready for band camp because i miss everyone!!!!!
ya so i had no idea how hectic this quarter would be but i'm loveing it!!!!!!
"i cant wait till this weekend, i will finally have a little time to relax!"
game day!!!! i can feel exhaustion coming 
i made pork stew from scratch and it was so0o0o0 yummy!!!!!
"off to bed with yet another migrain  hope i feel better tomorrow, it's going to be a long day "
i need a break  school is kicking my butt!
i am ready to leave for rome!!!!!!! i should start a countdown 
i'm home sick and have no idea what is wrong with me  it sucks!!!
did you know that the declaration of independence was written on hemp paper? just some food for thought 
i want to be home with my family right now  im worried sick about everyone in the shreveport  bossier area!
"here is my update  so i'm in shreveport having tons of test run and i'm yellow literally  i woke up yesterday and my eyes were yellow, now my whole body is yellow  yay for jaundice  hopefully by the end of this i will be able to enjoy a mcdonalds cheesburger with nice greasy fries! it will be the first time in 4 years to have a cheeseburger "
"i hate being sick!!!!!! i threw up chicken broth, how bad does that suck!!!"
still sick  sad  but i turn 21 tomorrow!!!!
i had a wonderful time in <propfemale> and met some amazing people!!! can't wait to make another trip  smile 
i'm am so glad to be home!!! no more drama  smile  i can finally relax 
and let the cooking begin!
turkey bowling with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> mcdonald!!!!! we gona  win a xbox fasho 
happy turkey day!!!!!!
i have had the best week in a really long time   smile  i love being home 
not wanting to head back  i'm getting homesick just thinking about it  sad 
"<propfemale> is so bitter sweet! what goes around comes around  before you know it, it is biting you on the butt "
it's a little to late to say that you're sry now  you kicked me when i was down but what you say don't hurt me  (that's right  and i don't need you  don't wanna see you  you get no love!!)- eminem & lil <propmale>
margaritas and salsa!!! i'm so0o0 excited  it's going to be a great birthday  smile 
had probably the best birthday ever!!! thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  it really made my day special  smile 
i will always miss your smell and the way your hugs felt  if only i could hear your voice and smell your pipe tobacco  i know you're with me  i love you papaw  i will always <propfemale> every memory  you were an amazing man and are truly missed 
finally going to sleep tis an amazing night  smile 
ohhh taco <propfemale> how i love thee!!!
why must i sit through classes that repeat the same things over and over again? i really have better things to do with my life 
lmao so my dog apparently burps as much as me!!!
i just made the best snack ever!!!! take a quarter of a milkyway midnight and melt it on a <propmale> cracker by placing it in the microwave for 10 seconds  then place the other half of the <propmale> cracker on top  i call this the milkyway college student smores   smile 
in shock and sick to my stomach  i can't believe something like this could happen  you will be missed <propfirst> 
my week has suddenly gotten tons better!!!
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one--to get better  in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status  remembering and supporting  "
it's going to be a tough day   sad  rip <propfirst> 
i'm pretty sure that even frosty the snowman would be pissy if he were sitting in this traffic 
i don't realize how much i miss the people i grew up with till i see us all together again  i'm sad that it was these circumstances that brought us together again though  sad 
just got the new <propmale> groban cd  i promise one of these days i'm going to marry him so he can sing to me every morning 
picking up <propfirst> <propmale> from the armory!!!!!!! he is finally home safe smile 
about to head to church with the family  i can't believe how amazing this week has been  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
my beautiful nephew is much more interested in the donuts my brother bought and the tubes for wrapping paper than any of his toys!!! priceless  smile 
who dat!!!!!!!
"had a great workout  i benched 135, did 10 <propfemale> ups in a row, and squatted 155!!!! woot  smile "
on our way to <propfemale> even though some crazy lady tried to keep us from going by ramming into the back of my car!!! yay for rental cars!!
having a blast in <propfemale>!!!!!  smile 
and it is back to reality  sad  i already miss home   
anda tu camino sin ayuda de vecino 
rip dimples  i will miss you sad 
i have an ear infection and it hurts really bad  sad 
ok so its not an ear infection  it's tmj plus a sinus infection  tmj is an inflammation in the mandibular joint of the jaw and is caused from stress  darn you lady that totaled my car!!!!
feeling a lot better today and i got a car!!! this week is looking up for me!!! i can't wait to show everyone my amazing honda accord  i totally has heated seats  quite possibly the greatest invention ever!
"so apparently i am no longer a sagittarius    i am no a ophiuchus!!! woot, my new horoscope says that i am a seeker of enlightenment and will achieve a high position in life!!!"
going to be a great day!!!!
girls did great today  there was a lot more competition than we're used to but the girls held their own  i'm very proud!!
omw back home to louisiana!! the girls did great the weekend! i'm a very proud coach!
i have the flu  sad  i hate being sick but i think i've already gotten through the worst of it 
i feel so pitiful and weak   i hate this  can't wait to get better  i want to go work out so bad!!!
happy to be back in bossier!! being home always makes me feel better   smile 
"dear facebook,\ i really don't care about most of the crap you send me  in fact it is very annoying to have an email, bubble message, and notification about all the same crap!!!! sincerely,\<propfemale>"
why must i have to get out of bed on days like this?
"i would like everyone to know that i am in love with <propmale> dicaprio!! well actually the character <propfirst> on \titanic\"" but ya """
and we're back
fergie get off the stage! you sound terrible!!!
zumba tonight!! then a mess load of homework  hopefully i will get it all done so i can see my mommy tomorrow for her b-day!!
praying for my aunt <propfirst>   sad 
had a wonderful day with my mom and sister  smile 
jammed out to nsync on the way to ruston!!!!! smile 
date with <propfemale> roddy!!!! happy valentines to me  smile 
anti-valentine party!!! woot! so much fun!
had a great and much needed dinner with <propmale> roberts!! my husband is amazing!!!
yummy fried green tomatoes and gumbo  smile 
watching kat <propmale>!!! bahahaha  smile 
come on sugar!!! i need the energy to study!
"\i don't have to be hateful; i can just say bless your heart!!!\"""""
i have an addiction to chocolate and need and intervention now!!! i don't wanna have to buy new pants   annoyed 
"praying for the people of japan  sad  there are still 10,000 people missing and they are under nuclear alert!"
feeling the urge to get lost on horseback!
"\sometimes i wish i could go into like cryosleep like in <propfemale> wars lol\""- <propmale> roberts"""
studying genetics just brightens my day     annoyed 
trying to study while in pain is extremely unproductive!!!  sad 
i'm thinking it is time to go to the doctor for this tmj  i'm in so much pain and it hurts to eat!! that's the worst thing in the world for me cause i love food!!!
"i have accomplished two loads of dishes, 3 loads of laundry, cooked gumbo for lunch, read 4 chapters for my classes, giving nessa a hair cut, and picked up my room all within 24 hours!! my life is a lot more productive when my face isn't swollen "
i abhor monday mornings!!
watching the game and wishing <propfemale> roddy were here!!  sad 
goodnight all! i have a long weekend ahead  cc gymnastics team will be competing at the state meet!! i know they're going to do amazing! i'm so proud at how far my girls have come  love 
my girls did amazing!! i couldn't possibly be more proud!!! i'm am most def  ready to be home and get some rest   smile 
why in the world did i just wake up and now i can't go back to sleep  sad 
gumbo and <propmale> turner!!! sounds like an amazing night!!!!
i am in need of some tlc! i'm slightly frightened to see my grade on dr  j's test  we all looked like death coming out of there!!
everyone deserves to be loved for who they are  in our lives we are surrounded by media portraying the image of a perfect woman but i want to be loved for my imperfections  they make me who i am and give me a unique beauty all my own  - my thoughts of the evening  love 
i'm really hoping that the roads won't be too nasty on the way to school in the morning  the weather is terrible!!
migraine  sad 
"let's be clear on this: obama did not kill bin laden  an american soldier, who obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to pay, did  obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found ubl and took him out  this is not an obama victory, but an american victory!! repost if you agree!!!!\god bless our troops        "
i need coffee!!!!!!!
watchin dem dat der swamp people!
"\why are there so many churches around here? don't these people believe in toilets?!?\""- <propfirst> <propmale> \",e356ec72b9dd5b13e2623b905937d678,i had a wonderful dinner with my mom and am now curled up on the couch with my dog and a good book  amazing evening if i do say so myself   smile 
ahhh coffee and an energy drink were not a good idea!!! my attention span is that of a five year old at this point!
"procrastination, yes i know you very well "
definitely a <propmale> rice kinda day!!
2 jobs + school + finals= a very exhausted <propfemale>  monday evening i will def  need an adult beverage!
"i'm feeling very blessed right now  even though school and work may be difficult and exhausting at times, i have some amazing opportunities   for my future and amazing family and friends to share it with "
totally dominated my genetics final!! spring quarter is over!!! time to relax an have that ohh so needed adult beverage! happy to be home  smile 
feeling like i don't have enough to time breath right now  i am so busy!!!
happy birthday to amity lupton and <propmale> <propfemale>  i love y'all and am so happy to see my little cousin turning one  smile 
on my way to overtime! let the games begin!
congrats to all my friends that have and are graduating! it's great to see so many of my friends succeed and move forward in the world  i love you all and am super proud!
getting my hair done  smile  my hairstylist <propfirst> always makes me feel better  def  need this after yesterday 
having one of those days  nothing better than started the day off being followed around by a creepy guy saying very nice over and over again  annoyed 
"\turn you ear to wisdom and apply your heart to understanding \""- proverbs 2:2"""
just got a new computer and an xbox 360!! i'm having a pretty awesome night!
ahh i need to go to sleep but the temptation of playing on my new computer and xbox is too much!!!
"\im a dreamer!!! a distant dreamer!!\""  love  listening to duffy"""
watching <propfemale> and it's pretty amazing!!
getting ready for the ball!!!
frustrated!!! why must people lie to get their way? i'll respect you a lot more if you're just honest with me  i hate shady characters!
maybe geting an xbox was a bad idea  i haven't been very productive lately      nope def  still a good idea lol  smile 
wishing he were here so i could buy a cheesy card and tie but i know he is looking down upon me  i will always remember the sacrifices you made and know how wonderful of a man you were  i love you  love 
will i ever know what i want to be when i grow up? there are sooo many options  i feel like my head is going to e playful lode!
totally going to be in alabama next week for work!! im super excited!!
ahhh true blood was sooo good!!!!
had a blast at graceland!! now for a six hour drive home     why can't i just teleport?
had a wonderful and much needed sunday  now to conquer the rest of the week!
i want to break the world record for juggling under water in a shark tank 
i had a wonderful day with <propfirst> lunsford lupton and spending the evening watching the fighter with <propfemale> <propfirst>ine murphy!
i'm feeling the need to just drive away with no destination  fill up my tank and jump on the highway  sounds like an amazing idea to me 
so def  bad idea eating that queso yesterday  i most def  thought it was pork sausage not beef  this means that my belly hurts really bad today  sad 
totally busted out an a on my geology test!!!!!
"i've been studying all day and don't seem to be getting anywhere with it  i just have to keep telling myself \only one more class and i get that diploma!!!\"" novemeber needs to get here soon!"""
glad i got to talk to my cousing <propfemale> <propfirst> riggs this morning  smile  it was great to see her handsome new addition  took the boyfriend to get his misdom teeth out  he seems to be doing pretty good now that he has an unlimited supply of ice cream and pudding  smile 
<propfemale> roddy need to get her happy butt on skype cause i want to see her pretty face!!!!!!!
lsu grad school here i come!!!!!!!!!
headed to baton rouge!!!  can't wait!!!
i had a blast this weekend and am so glad i went  now i know i am on the right path  grad school is going to be hard work but i'm glad to know i will have some amazing friends with me  love 
praying for my 5 year old nephew to get better  he is really sick and in schumpert  we're hoping he will be able to be released by friday  please keep him in your prayer 
"ya so since my phone crapped out of me, i no longer have peoples <propfirst>     everyone please text me their <propfirst>  it's really weird when people text me and i have to figure out who they are "
yummy yummy andouille sausage! watching those tigers eat them ducks!
"at home with a kidney infection  sad  hopefully this will clear up and there will be nothing but healthy <propfemale> for the rest on the year  on a good note, i'm getting a new cousin today!!"
guess who applied for graduation today!!!!!
fat bottom girls you make the rocking world go round!!!!
"had a stressful day at work  people should def  learn that it is extremely rude to talk on the phone while someone is trying to check you out  it is our jobs to talk to you and ignoring us just makes us talk louder  also, the right side of my face is swollen thanks to my wisdom teeth coming in    "
"def  had a day to write home about  glad to be safe and at home  on the bright side, i have been approved for graduation on nov  19!!!! i'm pretty darn excited about that "
good morning world  let the coffee begin!!
is it sad that i get really excited to watch the dominoes tracker? you can even pick your own theme now!
had a great day at work! i have some really fun coworkers  having fun and not being stressed makes for a very productive <propfemale>  smile 
finally got my paper finished and now i'm too loaded with caffeine to go to sleep       annoyed  guess ill be up all night reading books on my tablet  smile 
my stomach is making some crazy noises this evening  i think meds are in order to deal with this tonight  yay for having such a sensitive digestive system  uggggggggg
happy veterans day to all the men and women that have served our country  your sacrifice is greatly appreciated  we wouldn't be where we are today without all that ya'll do  thank you!
let the rest and recovery begin now  i had an incredible time last night celebrating mrs  <propfirst>'s birthday
focus!!! this is my last final and i can't seem to focus at all  i think i am just way too excited!!!!!
i'm done!!! i made a 99 on my last paper!!!! woot!!! i'm sooooo freaking excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess who is graduating today!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you to all the family and friends that helped me celebrate this momentous occasion  they made this weekend incredible and there are no words that can e playful ress how dearly i love each of you   love 
