da1086f36a8b6c1c8c09cb9b3983c68c
"hoping everyone has a happy new year and makes the most out of 2010  t_t but that also means    no more \change your profile pic to your favorite pokemon\"" month until next december  *sob*  oh well    time flies  when you sit at the computer on facebook   laugh """
"i am so not looking forward to school tomorrow  <propmale> year's gonna be a bitch! but, we might all might as well make the best out of it in whatever way we can  and there's always prom to look forward to   smile "
"this weekend has been so awesome  finally got my own laptop!  smile   and i spent the night at a friend's house last night  i stayed up so damn late  lol  laugh   not looking forward to school, but the sooner i'm done with it, the sooner it's not my problem "
"i am exhausted beyond belief right now  a weekend of worshipping god takes alot out of you, yet you get alot place into you as well  hard to tell the difference sometimes  oh well    god ftw "
"i love my new photo album  it's <propfemale> awesome  everyone, take a look at it when you can "
"my life f***ing sucks right now    my doctor thinks i have a back condition, and i may have to start wearing some sort of brace  there ain't no way in hell i'm doing something like that  on top of that, it feels like the entire world has turned against me  when life sucks, you might as well fight just to live   crying "
"finally, first trimester is over! new classes start tomorrow  i'm both nervous and excited  here are my classes: 1  geometry a, 2  honor's english 3b, 3  integrated science 2b, 4  math analysis, 5  peer tutor b  let me know if you have a class with me   smile "
"i just got naruto shippuden clash of ninja revolution 3: limited edition for my nintendo wiiiiii!!! (honestly, could the game designers have made the title any longer?) > laugh  time to make my tv e playful lode with the obliterating force of an awesome naruto game and movie! everyone, please chip in for my \help me buy a new tv after mine e playful lodes from an orgasm of naruto awesomeness\"" fund   laugh dddd  woohoo!!!"""
"i'm so f***ing stoked  just upgraded from that shitty piece of asshole windows vista to the new windows 7   laugh  oh yeah, i've got my computer running on pure awesomeness now  crank up the ram, charge up the hard-drive, i ain't f***ing around no more! > laugh "
"i just saw that new movie avatar with my dad, sis, and bro  avatar was so epic it seemed almost ungodly  0_______0  you can feel your brain e playful lode from the sheer awesomeness after the credits start to roll  i recommend that movie to anyone who's thinking of seeing it  >< now if only this epicness-induced headache would go away "
"my mom woke me up this morning to tell me school got cancelled  for once, being woken up early is a good thing  woohoo for snowdays!!!!  laugh "
"i was given an incredible revelation by god tonight  over these past few years, i've been putting up fronts, acting like things i'm not to impress others  but now i realize that i've done satanic things and was straying from god's image  after having been saved, i wanna devote my life to god again, to showing the world who i truly am  i want to thank all my wonderful friends, even those of you i don't know that well "
"i officially h a t e honor's english 3b now   playful   the great gatsby is such a boring book, not to mention it's near impossible to understand  it might be more interesting if mr  <propmale> chose better \american literature\"" and didn't give us so much work to do over it   troubled """
"tonight has been simply incredible  i was talking to someone that means alot to me, when i suddenly realized that god had entered my heart and given me a message to share with this significant someone  long story short, god revealed himself to me tonight, and used me to spread his message of love  the cost of unfinished english homework: bad grades  the cost of doing so because you grew closer to god: priceless   smile "
"i'm depressed over the loss of my pet frog, chocolate  ='(  he was a gift from my 1st grade teacher, and i found him   *ahem*    unresponsive about half an hour ago  chocolate wasn't just a pet, he was a memento of happier times, places, and people  i've prayed for his soul   wherever his soul may be now   sad    prayers and support would be greatly appreciated "
working diligently on my english project is kinda fun    but the fact i'm on facebook when i should be typing liner notes kinda means i'm procrastinating  oh well   playful    who else is hoping that we have a snow day tomorrow?
"i do not like the new facebook homepage  everything is cluttered together, and the live feed is gone  that was my favorite new feature!  sad    the new facebook sucks  anyone agree?"
"02 19 10    <propfirst> this day on your calendar!!!1 today, the most epic trolling in all of history occured in our very own <propfirst> high school  aided only by my ipod and a set of speakers, i single-handedly rickrolled 1st and 2nd period lunch  this is an epic win for trolls across the world; let it be forever recorded in trolling history "
"wow    school got cancelled, and today just so happens to be my 16th birthday  birthday miracle much, anyone?  wink    anyways, i'm gonna enjoy my sweet 16 off school  yay!  laugh "
"is tired of my inbox being inundated with emails from facebook  it's the weirdest thing- you turn 16, and suddenly everyone's posting comments on your wall  what's up with that?  laugh "
"okay, so get this  my mom is several thousand in the hole, and had her account frozen  apparently she hadn't paid the internet <propmale> because of this    or so she thought  it turns out that the router was unplugged, and i just suffered 3 days of internet withdrawl for nothing  does life suck, or is this just coincidence?"
"well, the act is tomorrow     yeah  it's gonna be laaaaame-sauce with a side order of fail fries, and a tall glass of diet epic to wash it all down   laugh dddd"
"guess who just got his temps today? wooooot!!!  laugh  that's right    the state of kentucky had better hope i don't get my full license in six months, or they're gonna need more tax revenue for road repairs  muahaha!!!"
"okay    so i was doing geometry homework, felt bored, and decided to turn on the tv  just as i'm about to change the channel, i realized that a pokemon marathon was playing  (i'm talking about the 1999-technicolor, good pokemon)  so i just happened to gravitate away from doing my homework to watching the poke'thon  does this make me a loser? lol"
"well, spring break is in full bloom  you think one would enjoy their spring break, right? wrong, especially since i had to get my wisdom teeth pulled today  the pain is pretty much gone, but i'm still groggy as a mother****er  < sad   ugh! pray for me, people "
"okay    in some weird, une playful lainable, hell-ishly nightmaric twist, i have been nominated for prom court  this makes no sense whatsoever, considering the fact that i am not popular  so why then was i nominated? is someone doing this to me as a practical joke? regardless, my life is now hell    the beginning of the end is slowing coming to fruition  t_t fml!"
"in soviet russia, limit break hit you in the head  da?"
"in soviet russia, you don't stir up comments  comments stir up you!"
"in soviet russia, you don't pwn teh noobs  teh noobs pwn you! (best soviet russia joke evar, right?)"
"in soviet russia, you don't troll the sonicfags    me: well, duh, of course not  stalin ordered the mass genocide of all russian sonicfags  the russian revolution was just a cover story   laugh dd"
"in soviet russia, you don't summon yu-gi-oh monsters  yu-gi-oh monsters summon you!"
"in soviet russia, you don't control facebook  facebook control you!"
"i actually cannot believe this    but i was just rickrolled    by my f***ing radio!!! yeah, no joke  i was listening to a eurodance radio station via my computer, and i heard a song that i thought was familiar  so i walked over to my computer, realized it was a rickroll, and sat mortified while the song played  t_t  why me? gaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!"
"remember when getting high meant swinging on\ the playground?when protection meant wearing a helmet?dads shoulders were\ the highest place on earth and mom was your hero?your worst enemies\ were your siblings,race issues were about who ran the fastest, the only\ drug you knew was cough medicine,the only thing that hurt you was\ skinned knees,and goodbyes only meant until tomorrow?and we just couldn't\ wait to grow up"
"would like to say congrats to the class of 2010  you're all awesome in a special way, and  will be missed  i'm honored i knew some of you, such as <propfemale> frodge, <propfirst> wentworth, <propmale> nicaise, <propmale> cooper olano, <propfirst> eckstein (love you to death, man), and of course, my sister <propfemale> <propfemale> stoddard  good luck in everything "
"now that i have heatherlyn stickel in my friends list, i can join the tag war against heatherlyn stickel   laugh "
"i have gained a temporary reprieve from the black hole of stupidity that is kentucky to stay in montana for 6 weeks  working to earn some $$$ for a car  suggestions on a good first car would be appreciated, but may not be taken up for consideration "
"if\ you are reading this, whether or not we speak often, please post a \comment of the first memory that pops into your head about us \together  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own \status; you will be surprised what people remember about you "
heatherlyn stickel
"i am currently engaged in a tag war with <propmale> griffith to see who can tag heatherlyn stickel 800 times  if anyone wants to help, feel free to join  heatherlyn stickel"
"so, heatherlyn stickel, i herd that u liek mudkipz?"
"who wants to join me in the tag war against heatherlyn stickel? if you do, i'll post a status thanking you for your efforts  let's all join together to tag the heck out of heatherlyn stickel "
is quickly becoming bored of this tag war since i'm the only one tagging heatherlyn stickel  but i still find that tagging heatherlyn stickel is quite entertaining   laugh 
"it appears that <propmale> griffith, my opponent in this tag war, has logged off  so i assume this means that the tag war is either postponed    or that i've won!  laugh  yay me!!!"
"it appears that today is someone   or rather, something's    special day  let's all celebrate canada's 143rd birthday  (in retrospect, no one gives a shit- we only care about their bacon and <propfemale> syrup  looool)"
"i just wanted to wish a everyone a very happy 4th of july  don't do anything crazy with those fireworks now   wink   oh, and keep it legal too  lol"
"like\ this status and i'll post one thing about you that i like, dislike, love,\ and want to confess  no matter how close we are or aren't "
someone found out about the secret ultimate attack in pokemon red blue!!! we're all f***ed!!! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wxsmc74bopq&playnext_from=tl&videos=26b3iimuflg&feature=grec_index
"i\ don't care if we've spoken once or 100 times, post a comment of the \first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when you've \finished, post this paragraph as your own status  you'll be surprised \what people remember about you  (yay, spam status   laugh )"
this is a very good reason why <propmale> should not drink any beverage containing alcohol  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=jdn8gqkhyhi&playnext=1&videos=n8uooft27nc
"well, it took me long enough, but my summer homework is done, and just in time for school    *sigh* speaking of which, i am <propfemale> not looking forward to going back  dear friends, please pray for me as i descend into the dark abyss that is the schoolyear   sad "
"is preparing for the rave at clubnrg dance club tonight by listening to nothing except techno all day  when it's finally time to rave, i'mma be runnin' on pure techno-adrenaline  but i need some good techno music to listen to; i don't care much for industrial, but i love eurodance, hardstyle, nightcore, etc  leave suggestion below in the comments  (with links, preferably)  time to get my rave-face on!!! > smile "
only 3 more hours until the rave at clubnrg dance club!!! i am so mega freakin' uber-pumped!!!! this is gonna be so freakin' sweet!!!  laugh  please come if you can!  smile 
"omfg, only 1 hour until the rave at clubnrg dance club!!!!! i am mega ultra super freakin' uber-pumped now!!!! this rave is gonna be the coolest thing ever since techno!!!!!  laugh dd my ipod is updated and ready for request-making!!!!! can't wait to see all my classmates there!!!! ^^"
"is bored and wishes he could relive last night all over again   sad   but on a positive note, today is my mom's birthday  (don't ask how old she is)  \\glados: the enrichment center would like to remind you that you will be baked, and then there will be cake \me: the cake is a lie!!!"
"decided to let my friends know that i'm moving  i'm not moving far away, so don't start to worry  i'm moving to a house on a nearby street; same city, different address  i'll let everyone know how the move goes once it's done "
like this status and i will tell you what i like about your personality 
"am i friends with anyone who listens to owl city!? (only listening to fireflies does not count) if you listen to owl city, post a comment recommending an owl city song i should add to my dj friday playlist  (don't say fireflies)"
"wanted to let my friends know i've updated my address  the address you now see is the one i reside at  come visit me sometime if you're not busy   smile   (if you live in another state or foreign country, feel free to visit anyway  lol)"
"had nothing better to do this morning, so he started playing pokemon channel  (old gamecube game) i started precisely at 10:10     on 10 10 10 (october 10th, 2010)  leet? yes, i think so "
comment with a number and i'll tell you: 1) something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) the color you remind me of  3) my first memory of you  4) the animal you remind me of  5) ask something i've always wondered about you  6) my favorite thing about you  7) give you a weird nickname   smile  something i love about you 9) challenge you to post this (feel free to put down multiple <propfirst>!)
"just saw a commercial    for a <propfirst> biever movie  i think    i'm going to    puke    then     do something i can't mention on facebook  please, for the love of everything sacred about music, someone please help me "
"so, who's as unprepared and unexcited for exams as i am?"
"ahh   another morning, another day of school, and it's still pokemon profile pic month  it's a good thing i'm    hghh!    gaaa-ack!    ech!     muahahahahahaha!!! listen 2 me, humans! we r teh mudkipz, and we came to invade teh site u call facebook! this user's profile is haxxed, and all yur profiles r belong to us now! prepare   for the mudkipz invasion!!! muahaha!!!"
just saw the new facebook profile layout  (i did not actually switch to it; i saw it on a friend's wall ) am i the only one who thinks that it's absolute balls? just sayin' 
"i'm bored, and i need a new status; so i might as well jump on this bandwagon  if you have a confession, message it to me  it will be completely confidential!"
"i need a new status, so i might as well jump on the bandwagon    \(poke} me if you ever had a crush on me or still do \{like) this status if you think i'm a good friend \(message} me if you ever wanted a relationship with me \{comment) on this if we have had good memories \\< spam>"
"copy and paste this into your status if you know or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% of people won't re-post this  why? because    they probably need a punch in the face   "
"turned on my tv this morning and saw four words that made my day, \all schools are closed \"""""
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants - to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this for at least one hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you're faced with it "
"i now possess the power to update my fb status using my wii  fear me, noobs! > laugh "
