e861586754f8b5140938117ce57d9c84
needs a miracle!!!!
officially done with first quarter!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay  smile 
is going to bedddd        zzzzzz!
back to school tomorrow     meh   
3 day weekends      love 
thinks <propfemale> palin just may be the anti-christ     hahahahahah 
is officially a sr  da!!!! yay!!  smile 
sooo     i'm officialy a vegitarian! wierd!  smile 
why are the best decisions always the hardest???  sad 
sleeping baby   glass of wine    project runway    life is good  smile 
hmmm     hurt    
wooooooooooooooooo    finally finished with summer quarter!! hello 3 weeks of relaxation!!!!!  smile 
seaside and cannon beach      love   love   love 
"how do \do not walk on the grass\"" signs get there?"""
is sickkkkkk              sad 
"what happens to an \18 hour bra\"" after 18 hours???"""
"gosh, i love dirty dancing! rip swayze   "
"grrrr            stupid phone, i need to get a new one    again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
cleaning time    
ahhhhh friday     how i love theee        smile 
is soooo sleepy       
ahhhhhh i need a new car          im about to go crazy!
mondays         
i cant believe my lil man is going to be 2 tomorrow!!!!!
i want him to stay little forever         crying 
"is checking her priorities   some people are simply not worth my time     i've decided that anyone who makes me mad sad on a regular basis, is not worth my time     sorry if you get deleted       "
cleaning is no fun    
is siiiiiick    ugh    which is kind of ironic being that i was just discusing whether or not to get zeb and i swine flu vaccinations with the madre last night    
sicky mcsickerson    
starting to feel a little better    
poor zeb     just cant seem to get rid of his fever      
new apartment on monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot woot!
moving day         surprise )
im an aunty again!! congrats <propfemale>!!!!  love 
happy thanksgiving!!!!!
i am not a fan of finals       
school tomorrow    only 2 more days!!!!
"try this! the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then scroll up or down(on the side of the <propfemale> with your mouse) and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
going to do some shopping then to see some x-mas lightsss  surprise )
im soooo tired today     i need some motivation to come smack me in the face     
feels kind of     empty  surprise (
off to the dentist again     hopefully this one isnt an idiot!
"<propfemale>    the nutcracker was amazinggg to say the least      class x-mas party tonight, cards should all be sent out by today      im going to go relax for about 5 <propfemale>!"
about to leave     bowling extraviganza tonight!! hahah 
"last night was awesome    hahah im soooo hungover, excuse me while i go puke!"
just made some very yummy christmas cookies      now i just need to stop eating them!!  surprise )
im about to go bake my brains out 
"more sugar cookies, then a gingerbread house     then i think my brain will just shut down for the night     maybe im to domestic for my own good?!? haha "
<propfemale> christmasss!!!
good bye 2010     you sucked in just about every way possible  happy new yearrrrr!!!!  surprise ) yay 
"happy new yearrrr everyoneeeee!! hope you all have a safe, happy night!!  love "
1 1 11
vanilla milkshake!!
im so tired lately     whatswrongwithmeeeee???
i wanna be a barra <propfemale> carra 20 inch brades on ths imparra    
"i'm so tired       but everything hurts      could be so much worse though, i'm soooo lucky!!! talk about a miracle!!  surprise )"
valentines day        love 
boooo    
about to watch cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs with my favorite little man!!  love 
 surprise )
thin mints = yummm  love 
its always good to get more than you e playful ected  surprise )
merp 
my next educational goal will be        learning french   surprise )
im boredddd     and i can't sleep      surprise (
i need a job!!
ummm yeah    
headacheeee      leasandra's wedding was beautiful though!!!  love 
i am so bored 
rain       
crankyyy child     
getting sick     no fun    
sicky mcsickerson      
 love   love   love 
happy easterrrrr!!  love 
starting the new job tomorrow!!  surprise )
 surprise )
"some people really, really, really need a high-five to the face "
"sooo tired    glad tomorrow is my friday, although this week was amazinggg!! love the new job  love "
making cupcakes  love 
hmmm    strange day 
 surprise )
spring cleaningggg  surprise )
sooo nice out today!!  love 
back to work tomorrowwwww!!  surprise )
"i need to go to bed, but i have wayyy to much energy     ahhhhh!!!"
have you ever eaten hot wings that were so hot they made you sweat?? ahhhhh     my mouth is on fireee!!
going to bed earlyyyy     so glad tomorrow is my friday!!  surprise )
thank you all so so much for the birthday wishes!! they definatly made my day!!  love 
does life ever get easy??
 surprise )
i like how both yesterday and today there was a beautiful rainbow outside when i got off work!!  surprise )
hmmmm      life is funny 
"watrching paranormal activity        scarey, but not as terrifying as i thought          im wondering what that means       "
happy mothers day to all the momma's out there!!!!  love   love   love 
craaaanky child    
longggggest monday everrrr            
thank you bravo for all the crappy reality tv i can possibly watch!!  surprise )
life is      
4 day weekenddddd!!!  love 
stomach    hurts     puke    <propfemale>      surprise (
coffee 
ohhh the joys of motherhood      
i love it when people tell you they will be there in 20 <propfemale> and 6 hours later there is still no sign of them       don't reproduce with idiots    
so  bored 
xxx     yumm  surprise )
dinner with my spicey jalapeno  surprise )
what to do today    
zzzz   
dear sunshine     i love you   love 
good weekend  surprise )
graduation this weekend + family i haven't seen in about 3 years = very tired <propfemale>      surprise )
thinking i need to start looking for a new job    
la feux with my spicey jalapeno!!
happy 4th to everyone!! it would be nice if the sun decided to make an appearance  surprise )
alki  love 
its hoooooot    i love it  surprise )
are we there yet??
some people    
"after a long day at work, i get to watch <propfirst> episodes for 3 hrs     i'm feeling a little \cross\""  haha  ohhh the joys of motherhood!!"""
"coffee, church, beach, and now sleep    sundays  love "
i really want some pho right now   
yoga     i got my butt kicked   
fantastic
"i need a workout <propmale>, any volunteers?!?  surprise )"
   zzzzzz
some random guy gave me tickets to a <propmale> studdard and <propmale> aiken concert    
coffee  love 
did anyone else notice the wierd <propfemale>  red sunshine today??
you only have one life    make the most of it  surprise )
i litteraly have a bruise on the palm of my hand    how does that even happen??
back to the grind!!
"superrrrr cranky child    he left his new car at daycare    this is going to be a looooong night, lord give me <propfemale>!!  surprise )"
at a really wierd point in my life    seeking many answers   could use all the prayers i can get!!
in 10 hours i will be picking up my sister from the airport!! can't waitttt  love 
lazy sundays      love 
"god is great!! one answer down, about 50 to go!! lol "
good day  surprise )
boredddd
i need a vacation    
victorious!!
can't sleep    so much on my mind    i hate that!! 
cheesecake swirl brownies!! yummmm  surprise )
laaaame     
i am seriously going to die of boredommmm                     
whattt?? ligers are real?? hahahah  am i the only one who didn't know this??
 surprise )  surprise )  surprise )      that's all i have to say!!
the best things in life are right infront of you    
"took zebby to lunch and to see his first 3d movie!! we saw dispicable me, it was <propfemale> much fun!! toward the end of the movie one of the little yellow guys was swinging on a rope and it looked like it was right in your face, and zeb turns to me giggles and says \ i think he was trying to give me a fist bump\"" hahahahah     i am incredibly blessed to have such an amazing child!!   surprise )"""
"so i have this big picture of <propfemale> hepburn on my wall, and zeb says to me \ that's a picture of you going to work at the beauty store because you are so pretty\"" hahah     i  love  him to peices!!"""
i have sooo much to do in sooo little time!! ughhh    
"i have carried a child within my body, i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed booboos mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, woken up in the middle of the night toa feverish child & more but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if yourproud to be a mom "
all you need is love    
soooo ready to be done with this moving crap    
"scarfs, jackets, and hot coffee drinks     fall  love "
work out time      surprise )
maneaters    
amazing weekend planned with an even more amazing someone!! super stoked!!  surprise )
one of the best weekends in a loooong time  love   love   love 
i need a hug
is trying not to let stress consume her     ughhhh 
"\a woman in love can't be reasonable- or she probably wouldn't be in love \""    <propfemale> west"""
"dear coffee, i love you   love "
coffee + rain + sleeping child      need i say more??  surprise )
workout time     how long befor i actually like doing this?? hahah  surprise )
i feel like i'm constantly waiting    
zebby just asked me if i have a candity on my teeth from eating to much <propfemale>      hahahah  surprise )
don't reproduce with idiots     
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't re-post this, they need a punch in the face too "
new job!! thank you godddd!!  surprise )
off to have some fun with some more of my favorite people  surprise )
"great weekendddd, looking forward to an amazing week!!  love "
        
awesome first day  surprise )
i like it on the front seat when i'm driving and on the little table by the front door when i get home!!
"ughhh      dropped my phone and it decided to stop working     so if you need me, message me on here      surprise ("
congrats <propfemale> and <propmale>!!! i'm suuuuuuper happy for you guys  surprise )
i love having 3 day weekends every week!!  surprise ) what to do todayyy     
"warm fuzzy blanket, hot apple cider, and \spooky\"" movies with my one and only!!  love """
"pumpkin spice late, pumpkin patch, and halloween costume shopping with zebby-boo      surprise )"
ugggh     feeling kinda sick      surprise (
coffee and oreos     breakfast of champions 
thank god tomorrow is my friday     what a long week    
"i have the best friends in the world, i feel very blessed!!  surprise ) a special thanks to miss <propfemale> for making my week!! lol   love  you guys!!"
"hey, i actually woke up early enough to make myself coffee at home and get on facebook       today is going to be a good day!! hahahah   surprise )"
new phoneeee     i need <propfirst>!!
its snowinggggg!!!
3 day week and 4 day weekend  chyeahhh!!  surprise )
"dear ice,\thank you for almost making me slide into oncoming traffic  please go away  preferably forever "
happy thanksgiving to all my friends and family!! i'm so thankful for each and every one of you  i am truly blessed   love  time to go get started on that food induced coma!!  surprise )
off to get some coffee and help stimulate the economy   surprise )
<propfemale> i suppose    
 surprise )
about to go spend the evening with some of my favorite people  love 
some peoples kids     
sure why not      message me a number in my inbox and i'll tell you something i love about you as my status  smile 
"#143, you are one of the most amazing women i know, and i love how we can go  without seeing each other for months and its like we just saw each other yesterday!!"
"#11, you are one of my best friends, and i love that we can completely be ourselves with each other     i wont go into detail hahahah ;o)"
"#10, i think you are an amazing person and sometimes you make me laugh til i snort"
"#144, you are ridiculous and i absolutely love it  i need your number again so we can have another late night laugh sesh  surprise )"
"#7, i dont even know where to start     hahahah  i love you to peices "
monday      we meet again     
holiday party tonight     exciteddddd!!
sometimes you have to just take a <propmale> 
is determined to have a great day!  surprise )
"i never thought i would ever say this, but i'm kind of tired of shopping     hahah "
what a long dayyyyy       
<propfemale> christmassss to all my friends and family!! i'm so blessed to have such amazing people in my life!!  surprise ) hope you all have a wonderful holiday!!  love   love 
feeling sick       surprise (
snow?!? noooooooooooooooooooo  surprise (
thunder and snow     weird 
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's      no fun! (let the fun begin!!)"
annoyedddd      thank god its my friday!!
woooo seahawkssss!!!!!
its snowing      come on snow day!!
is it friday yet?
ugh    i never knew it was so hard to not have hate in your heart for someone  its amazing how he can still make me second guess myself and make me feel like a terrible person  ridiculousssss 
planning some much needed girl time tonight  surprise )
zzzz    
when life gives you lemons      
what a weekend     
whoever just prank called me with the aaaaanold clips     you rule!
ba-nanas 
"dear sunshine,\i love you "
definitely have some extremely awesome people in my life  love 
my son just brought me a paper and told me he was a movie actor and that he had a contract he would like me to look over before he signs       hahahah where in the world does he get these things?!
life is funny sometimes      
green and yellow!!
" love  me time     yummy coffee, killer workout, heavenly massage, super bowl      today is a good day!!"
woooo green and yellow in ya face sukkassss!!
hello 4 day weekend!!  surprise )
love changes everything 
i think i might die of boredommmm      
doughnuts and coffee with soph!! yayyy  love 
looking back at the last year of my life     so much has changed  thank god for second chances!!
 love   love   love  happy valentines dayyy!!  love   love   love 
"i never wanted anything from you, except everything you had and what was left after that too "
i love asparagus 
"i came accross a cd entitled \ <propfemale> & mandas mix 04\""      totally jammed for like an hour thinking about how much fun senior year was and then i realized that this cd was 7 years old      whattt!?!? i've never felt so old    """
2 words      <propmale> butler  yumm 
coffee + sunshine + afternoon with zeb zeb = happy mommy  love 
feels sick    
snow?! boooo       surprise (
me: you smell like peanut butter    were you eating peanut butter? zebby: noo     i was eating peanut butter nuts  hahaha love him  surprise )
snow day!!
is there a point when you have had you heart broken so many times that there are simply no more salvagable pieces to put back together??
unicorns    
holy crap     im going to be very sore tomorrow  thanks <propfirst> <propmale> 
"love is rare, life is strange, nothing lasts and people change "
"dear weather,\i'm tired of your bipolar crap  \\sincerely,\<propfemale>"
"my son just told me that if i touch his chocolate chip cookies, i'm fired  hahahah "
"i miss my lwtc girls, we should plan a reunion!!  surprise )"
my mom has made me laugh     wiped my tears      hugged me tight     given me advice    watched me succeed      seen me fall      cheered me on      kept me going strong      and even driven me a little crazy at times     but mom's are a promise that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful   mom    ???????
mmm     baby <propfemale> choy!!
i don't get paid enough to sit here and listen to your problem  please shut up 
tomorrow is a new day 
"oh coffee, i love youuu!"
"lesson learned  what a disappointment  on a brighter note, its a beautiful evening! workout? i think sooo!   surprise )"
monsooooon!!
why am i still awake?!?
woah     terrifying     can't imagine what the people of japan are going through     
"i was laying down awhile ago and zebby asks me what's wrong with me and i tell him i'm just not feeling very well and he looks at me for a minute and says; well mommy, we could go shopping, that usually makes you feel better      does this mean i have a shopping \problem\""?? hahahah """
"just saw a guy run accross the street wearing a long tan trench coat  and hiking boots, and he wasn't wearing pants     maybe that is his interpretation of dressing business casual     ?"
momma needs a night out 
happy tuesday!! go be amazing 
what? nate dogg died?!
"another gorgeous day in the pnw!! happy st  patricks day to you all, have fun and be safe  surprise )"
brother sister bonding time     cocktails and tattoos! chyeahhh   surprise )
"wow, what a beautiful day!! nothing like coffee and some good old vitamin d!!  surprise )"
springggg  love 
 love !!
 surprise )     
let's get this party started!!
 love 
weekend     i've missed you     love 
what a good night  surprise ) thankful for good friends!!
monday mondayyyy     
