5d6bf6062a34f68ceef7365ba0e1b16b
hates being the nice guy
trying to figure out what bait and whats the best time to fish up in mammoth
"missing everyone from vegas, had a spectacular time, hoping to continue our saga this winter "
is gunna get his balls manhandled by a total stranger tomorrow   
exhausted from jumping off of the cliffs    they were lame   
missing his bffe cause hes talking to the loser face's rather than  me and his off some where we can't talk > sad 
"just saw the xg mtx best whip contest, best 5 minutes of my life!"
"really gunna hate school tomorrow, hope to god that i get 3rd lunch, if not im screwed   "
has been feeling sick since tuesday an been getting slightly worse everyday now   
"two new fish! one a neon <propfemale> named <propmale> black, and a fancy guppy named brony   laugh  a very nice addition to my tank, saving up for a bigger tank"
i am 86ing connor from team <propmale>
"rolled my ankle in basketball today, now it's starting to hurt, lame"
"well it's official, fergie is a whore, but a good whore  just watch the music video i gotta a feeling, black eye peas you'll see exactly what i mean"
i think i am allergic to fish food o o who would've thought
it's finally raining  wooo!
is having to choose between friends again    lame
it is 8:45 and its 100 degrees out  what an awesome day it is going to be
"i'm paranoid because im analytic, i'm analytic because i'm paranoid  i love being analytic, but i hate being paranoid  why must it work that way!"
is gunna wake up at 3 smile 0 to go to cali to ride  how fun does that sound   
"well    the a c is completely broke, so we need a new unit, so thats about 3 days maybe with out cool air  oh the temp at the house is 91 right now  soooo much fun"
"day 8-captains log; it has been 8 long and hot days with out ac im starting to not function correctly now, i havent had a nice breeze in days  i havent slept in my own bed in 7 days now i can start to feel the effect from it it seems like the others are starting to have signs of dementia  i dont know if they can make it another 3 days until the unit is released i just hope that the ac in the garage doesn't blow"
i thought it was impossible to find size 14 soccer cleats in havasu  i just now found out it is also impossible to find them online 
redbull+connor+xbox live=mucho funo
"heroes!! start tomorrow, omg i can't wait for it!!"
bolder city mx was sick last night  felt like i was in rush hour on the track  pretty narly but fun at the same time  probably will want to go their again  i got unfinished buisness to do there 
vegas!!!
new record!i have gone approximately 25 hours without eating any food! crazy   laugh 
just looked through my 1stday old - kindergarden pictures  funny and awesome  decided on having a big family
"woot go stock market!!! finally reached 10,000! hurray another 4,000 more to go and we should be better!!! hopefully   "
haha a 6 year old boy was in a home made hot air ballon for two hours  where was the parental supervison on that one??
you're a jerk!!
"just got back from ltc, pretty awesome i might say  i'll post some photo's later "
has an anouncement to uncle <propmale>  i made our school varsitey soccer team  thought that you would like to know that  can any of the other hendry's make sure he knows that? thank you to all  smile 
"so won my first high school game  final score 5-4 after the 90 <propfemale> of the regular, after 20 <propfemale> of the overtime and after a big shoot out  pretty excited  tomorrow we go to mohave to play  wish the team luck  smile "
"interesting day of soccer, played it in the snow  sorta fun  smile "
 laugh  my piano works  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"well we did alright tonight at our game, final score 2-4 cibola  at least we know where we are with the other teams  our division record is 1-1  we have a 3 day tournement tomorrow starting thursday  so hopefully we do better then  oh and it was really really friggin cold  around 49 degrees  brrr"
"wish he had another octive to play on his piano, two would be great =  "
"just got home from kingman, unfortunately no win  we came back with a couple bruisies and hurts  so hopefully we will recover  i got a soccer ball imprint on my thigh  its kinda cool ha "
"yeah, the new year is starting off pretty good  smile "
and connor have decided to become vulcan 
wants to know when he can finally sleep in on a friday night saturday morning  hopefully next weekend   
doesnt understand how a party is suppose to start when they don't want to be the first one there  it's dumb!
brainstorming on some drafting spoofs for the skillsusa bus trip tomorrow  puffy???
would anyone like to sell their ps2 to me? its for a good cause  smile 
"just had a snow ball fight in our front yard (yes with real snow)  pretty fun, <propfirst> got a cut from the ice and i have an ice burn on my palm  totally worth it though "
will enter in a stage of deep deep thought for the next week and a half
found out a little bit more about himself today  throught the stars o o
gunna do some moto with his little cuz at speedworld tonight!!! i just pray that all of our bikes stay togther
"stiff,sore, tired, and hurts  what a night last night!"
"interesting birthday day  woke up and went to race  after two laps of practice, turns out that most of my spokes are gone on my rear wheel  so we switch tires and seems good to go  in my race doing good, then my sprocket decides to loose a couple of teeth, making me attempt to overheat the bike  came back home and had my birhtday dinner  might go out latter tonight, hope it ends with a bang!!! a good bang too "
wonders if his bike will be fixed befor the weekend?
wonders why a water park needs to be evacuated when a orca kills someone??? are they afraid it will go on a rampage???
ask me anything por favor  http annoyed  formspring me jacobhendry
"haha silly sony, they thought it was a leap year, what happens??? <propmale> chaos! as i chuckel and enjoy to play on line : )"
ask me anything http annoyed  www formspring me jacobhendry
so just got the call from the school    no school tomorrow  if anyone wants to <propfemale> let me know 
"had fun at <propmale> tonight, all those who didn't want to come   shame on you  times ten  you know who you are  e playful ect you  i forgive you  you worked really late and i understand that  need to do it again some time "
is eating his delicious tomatoe soup  it's been the best i've made all year  = )
what to pack what to pack  so much to bring but what to pack???
is gunna wirte two songs: 1  never let you fall 2  be my whore
"vegas was awesome wished i could've stayed a lil longer, always next time though  the ride bac sucked balls  sat in the back with 8 old people who smelled horrible for three hours and listened to their ridiculous converstations  but it was fun"
"saw bondock saint for the first time last night  two words, frickin amazing "
"had an amazing time at speed world today, rode the 450f, it is unreal  sunday should be interesting to see what happens "
"wonders if he should call, or wait to be called"
"had a good time today  enjoyed himself, hope he can have more of these days!!!  laugh "
"i'm always thinking ahead, like a carpenter   who builds stairs  love the office, and <propmale>"
the nerve of some people   
made a nice meal and now no one is hear to eat it  sad 
is optimistic about this weekend through tuesday
had an amazing time at skillsusa  competed in both job interview and board architecture  placed 3rd in board and unfortunately did not place in job interview but is ok with it  havasu completely destroyed the competition winning 26 medallions! gunna miss the club and everyone in it 
realized that he has the title of 3rd best high school board architect in the state of arizona! and i like the sound of it 
is super excited for all the basketball games
"had a fantastic weekend  wish he could have more of them, except they need to be in havasu haha"
wonders if its cheating if i change it to a 12 5 font instead of a 12?hmmm
success! first (and hopefully last) college freakout avioded  whoo!
feels rather tall today haha
had fun <propfemale>ing with a² today  hope i can <propfemale> with them and c² soon  haha
b-ball!
when i first heard the sound  i wondered if the house was creaking again  when i heard it again i looked outside to see if someone was moving our gravel  then i heard it again and realized i was hungry  smile 
"goodbye havasu, hello mesquito city!"
im quite the dare devil now  i stood outside  during a thunderstorm  during a tornado warning  during the siren warning  oh yes  haha
had an amazing 3 weeks in wisconsin followed by a week in vegas with friends  now there is some talk of a california vaca? i dont ever wanna go back to reality ha
speedworld was unreal tonight  got worked hard  thanks skipp
nothing like a lil muse to bring your spirits up!
loves his new super awesome computer
awesome moto at speedworld again ! to bad it rained but it was nice for what it was 
you know what i hate the most? fans! being tall sucks 
sunbuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurns suck!
worst pain ever    
is feeling much better now
has decided that him and the sun are no longer friends   
just saw a leaked version of piranha 3d  funny stuff 
blarg    
ah     i was shutting down my room and went to turn of the lights and saw a snake on my floor next to my bed  hahahah    ehhhhh     
"in life there are two paths  there is the easy way, and then there is a right way "
today is gunna pretty much suck 
just got off a 6 hour shift from work and about to go to college for 5 hours  hurray for growing up!!!                          
"going to test the skii's that've been broken down for a long time today \i guess little brothers do have a purpose "
funny how things work  the person who makes you feel like shit is the only one to make it better 
woot! 3 <propmale> up a hill on a bike  gotta love that fitness!
"happy birthday betty!(my truck)\she turned 222,222miles today!"
looking forward to the next 3 days 
awesome friends=awesome day
its early   brap!!!
"interesting day so far, can't wait to see how the rest of it will play out "
has a big decision in front of him  wow this is nuts 
? i miss you ?
"skype is working, add meh!"
i dont know what imma do but imma do it
note to self: use more caution when climbing up a ladder in pitch black with sandals on  it hurts when you fall off   
"so weird  last night i had a dream about fixing a flat tire on one of my trailers  30 minutes after waking up i have to go help fix a flat tire on my trailer  o o\i can dream of the future!  laugh "
some one should skype with me     
busy day tomorrow  the joys of procrastinating
there goes my awesome weekend     fckin quadcross    
(sigh) long day ahead   
"i dont cry, just vomit"
"gunna be a loooooong night, probably until a couple of months"
is this what the world is coming to?
"bleh, people suck"
someone should invent the time machine already  that would come in handy 
so i ordered a hit on my music teacher  no i don't feel bad about it  its money well spent  smile 
i'm literally to tall for my job  annoyed \
does anyone know what happened at the motocross meeting yesterday?
this year needs to be over 
"like water in a gutter drain i'm going down, down, down"
birthday dinner and football game  today is gunna be a good day  in a lil bit haha
well   what now?
i think its better not to e playful ect anything from people  that way you can't be let down 
got a hair cut  and i look good  i mean real good  hey everyone! come see how good i look!
"so happy right now \finally got rhys <propfemale> imagine that! dvd working  gunna have me some laughs tonight!"
"highlights of the night?\jackass 3d\seeing a 7  30 40 year olds getting out a 5 seated car and popping the trunk open and seeing more people pop out  lawl"
missing out something great this weekend to do something just as good
bwahahahahhaha! http annoyed  news yahoo com s livescience 20101019 sc_livescience endoftheearthpostponed
buleh     
t minus 11 hours 51 minutes  laugh 
"eating eegee`s \at tucson\with sami\and tay\oh\its good"
"is in tucson with 4 beautiful ladies\life`s good!"
what in line at the zonazoo! game time!
had an amazing night! too bad i dont feel the greatest    can`t wait to do this everynight next year!!
home
i just wanna ride  sad 
i am mclovin
people are stupid  i mean really stupid  and selfish too 
<propmale> broke my glasses     
ever wish you could just start the year over?
lmao! every one is wondering what the hell a g6 is  it got so serious they wrote an article on it  to funny
"speed\world"
"im trying to study for my math test  however, my cats keep attacking my book <propfemale>s when i turn the <propfemale>  is this a sign i should not study?"
im the coolest loner i know  laugh 
"at first i thought i was a funny drunk, then i realized im only funny when other people are drunk "
im actually sick of looking at the home <propfemale> for facebook now    
who's all going to practice at the island tomorrow?
"the track was nar today, total white out with sand  just nar"
longest game of poker ever  8 1 2 hours 
all in all is all we are
"speedworld, full on moto with the gang  then subway, then rupurttios! oh life cant get much better"
"life is life, dreams are dreams, and im floating somewhere in between "
i miss the days where i could take a sick day from high school   
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and ask your friends to do the same  what's the point? to have no human faces on facebook by monday, only childhood memories to fight child abuse  copy and paste to spread the word"
i hate not being able to sleep when your sick and tired   
that was a nice first semester  looking forward to my 5 week break!
vegas!
just witnessed a mob of mexicans try to pile into a car  someone needs a patio haha 
"just witnessed a masked figure steal a <propfirst>, drive behind us  then ran away with police chasing him  haha what a day "
"so i`ve decided that the next time i come to vegas, im going to bring my mclovin outfit and take pictures with people  it think it will work  smile "
finds it funny that its my first day of winter break and i'm already preping for spring break  lawl
oh how the loneliness sets in
the dogs been gone for 14 hours and the internets been down for 12 hours     awesome
what a day   unreal   who thought it could even happen   world i am done   
for some reason it doesn't even feel like christmas time this year 
my first mexican chirstmas!
got the best chirstmas present ever! but then <propmale> broke it    only played with it for 20min       sad 
justs loves finding out stuff that makes my stomach sink   
