daee1a1ca5d851ae0f83acb67a625848
any1 in la crescenta need a ride back to sd?
sht    so tired from trip    oh well gotta enjoy my time while i can 
"please, someone give me advice on how to teach a kid who's afraid to learn english from scratch because it's \too hard\"""""
ellegarden isn't half bad   
just beat super <propfirst> in 10 minutes 
"okay, that movie is proof god doesnt exist  no god would ever let that piece of absolute cow diarrhea be made "
melting wall  solvable meaning  self who can e playful lain  smoothness of changeable permeability  transitioning time  observation life and execution function  a pinky-less hand  headless eyes  rolling carpet  once  twice  three times  777 cages  burst balloon 
damn you jjerry buss!!!!
"okay, calming down  <propfirst> buss, you better not fuck up the odom deal "
just meditated with a buddhist monk on top of a serene korean mountain with a great view and cool wind 
"look you a-hole  i could give you a thousand fuckin reasons why i don't have a religion, and you still wouldn't take any of them as a legitimate answer  so fuck you! i  do  not  believe  in  god  or any gods  deal with it  *apologies to anyone who may be "
i just hiked 5 fucking hours up a mountain and 7 hours down the damn thing  it was exacerbated by the fact that korea just rained like hell during the weekends  and i hate those fucking mosquitos!
an environmental message that's    subtle!!!!????? the hell you say?
the whole point of vodka is to remove the flavor you dumbass    it should taste like water 
"i can only say one thing after the ice cream shop today  you women be careful when you're standing in front of that häagen-dazs, because god damn it, we're watching — and god damn it, we're thinking "
i admire atheism  i think it takes a lot of faith 
i'll be unavailable for 4 days  feel free to bash me while i'm gone 
"just stayed four days in a buddhist <propfemale>  my meditation has vastly improved, my legs are killing me, and back feels like it'll break, but the e playful erience was far more gratifying than all that retreat shit that churches usually do  it was    peaceful  for"
"okay  peace time over  back to insanity  with or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things  but for good people to do evil things, that takes religion "
i'm sorry  but peewee <propmale> telling me about drugs? that is hilarious  excuse while i die a little inside from laughter 
"faith is a cop-out  if the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can’t be taken on its own merits "
"faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible "
"hey <propmale>  ju st played strip pool  it's just like it sounds  every game of eight-ball you lose, you take off an article of clothing  put it this way  pants are for the weak!"
"yea, though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death, i will fear no evil, for i am the baddest motherfucker in the valley "
"i made agnostics out of 3 christians today  i don't know whether to feel ashamed or proud  but in my defense, i was bored  and they were there  and i wanted to see how easily people cave in to nonsensical arguments  turns out its fairly easy "
ever seen a someone lose a 1 kilometer race to a kid with one lung? laughin my ass off here  laugh  
i just watched grave of the fireflies  my eyes have a surprising amount of tears   
"i find it hilarious that <propmale> republican figures liberally use the destruction of big liberal cities like nyc or d c  as a prop for their own personal views while simultaneously proclaiming that \real americans\"" only come from small towns """
i counted 56 man purses today  makes me feel a little bit more manly 
axis powers hetalia has taught me that international diplomacy involves a lot of yaoi 
"if god lived on earth, i would break his windows "
i don't think people aren't meant to be alone  that's why when we find someone we actually care about it's important to let go of the little things  even if you can't let go all the way  because nothing sucks more than feeling alone  no matter how many pe
god i wish i had some drugs to help me understand this psa   
pants are for the weak!
wow it tastes like chicken! the ass of a chicken!
i recommend anyone who feels dissatisfied with life to read great teacher onizuka 
oh <propfirst> beck  you managed to outdouche both hannity and dobbs  in a minute and 15 seconds 
a big lipped aligator moment!
"you? make me laugh, but only because i think your kinda pathetic "
"zuul, motherfuckers! zuul!"
say what! say what again! i dare ya! i doubledare ya mothafucka! say what one more god damn time! pulp fiction is awesome 
"i'm not an asshole! i'm far classier than that    a class-hole, if you will "
aids stinks! - greatest  understatement  ever  fuck you <propmale> turner and captain planet 
i'm sick and tired and looking at nostalgia    it's raping my childhood 
anyone who wants presents from korea talk now or forever hold your peace 
alright  18 hours left for anyone else who wants presents  i have three people down for gifts  coming back last day of august sungwoo 
utsukushiki ningen no hibi   
what does it mean to truly live life? to leave it without lasting regrets 
"i just realized yesterday i ate a live fucking shrimp  it was delicious, but i wish the legs didn't have to move so much "
   ayn rand is disturbing 
"remember, if violence isn't solving your problems, you aren't using it enough "
i watched the hills for the first time today  it took me 30 minutes to realize the blonde who was ine playful licably everywhere was actually 3 different people 
i am an antisocial climber!
going to go for a 15 mile run up and down a mountain on a 30 celsius + day  hope i don't dirty my shoes too much 
my  legs  won't  move 
the <propmale> brothers suck <propmale> ass  i even showed a bunch of kids a video of them out of the hope of horrifying them and one of the kids asked if the brothers were gay 
"australia will rape your christian soul and be left unquenched, sitting there silently    taunting your soul's now-swollen asshole with its maddening silence- where is your god now?!"
"i read twilight today  then i took a shower for a few hours, cried a little on the floor    then something else, i don't know  it was a dark time  i think my soul broke "
"if you asked me what the abstract concept cool personified is, i'd point you to the opening of cowboy bebop  that show is fucking awesome "
"god i love the internet, filthy cesspool of weird that it is "
tellus dormit et liberi in diem faciunt numquam extinguunt ne e playful ergisci possint omnia dividit tragedia coram amandum quae et nocte perpetua ehem? vel <propfemale> visione par oram videbo te mane tempu e playful ergiscendi
<propmale> hemingway once said that the world is a fine place and worth fighting for  i agree with the second part 
sigh    correlation does not imply causation people  basic science 
"i was forced to watch a shaq movie yesterday  \shudder\"""""
"snails, like jesus, frown on self-love  its a fact "
"as usual, the fundamentals of <propfemale> biology are most elegantly e playful ressed by spongebob squarepants "
"the world is not beautiful, therefore it is "
turns out lots of koreans in korea don't go to church  takes up too much time and detracts from studying  or sleeping  or working  had some interesting talks today  t'was    strange 
"people will only take so much shit before coming around and hulking the fuck up--that the more oppressed a certain people are, the more likely they are to bounce right the fuck back and hand you your ass in an embarrassingly effortless fashion "
the absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence! points to anyone who gets the reference 
the plastic caps on the ends of shoelaces are called aglets  their true purpose is sinister 
i for one welcome our new ant overlords 
goddamnit canadians! its about! not aboot!
"    i ate a duck fetus  i don't know why, and i don't know how  but now that i have, i'm no longer afraid of college  afterall, i just a goddamn baby duck  half-formed  still in the egg  what's worse is that it was delicious with some salt sprinkled on it "
eating meat is one of mankind's basic instincts and to ignore that is to deny genetic evolution  suck on that vegans 
"i responsibly mocked judaism, buddhism, christianity, islam, taoism, hinduism, and scientology today  i believe in fairness, so i mocked scientology 80% of the time "
"karate is shit against muay thai, son  a muay thai user will smash open your sternum then your head in the few seconds it takes you to get into one  of those pussy stances "
"i'm surprised that \dumbledore commands you bitches\"" works in korea so well """
"clearly if a substance that enhanced the size of breasts existed, men would've found it out a couple thousand years ago "
"funny enough, <propmale> stallone's japanese is far easier to understand than his english "
the appendix is useful? the hell you say!
the times that you really want to cry are the times you have to try your hardest 
"i had to teach the last of my kids today  after much careful diagnosis, i conclude 40% of them suffered from fecal encephalopathy  20% of them had cranial rectosis  the rest were actually very nice and attentive, and will do well in this f-ed up world "
time travel in a terminator movie is like plumbing in a porno: a very loose excuse to get to the action time travel in a terminator movie is like plumbing in a porno: a very loose excuse to get to the action 
"i now realize that the closer i get to cuter things, the more inane my speech becomes  especially with kitties  god i love kittens "
"<propfirst> chick, you fail biology forever "
i have a ponytail fetish  free gift from korea for whoever gets this reference first 
"i just realized it, but statistically, a flamboyant tranvestite probably has 5 times more friends than the average human thanks to the 21st century generally discouraging genuine human-to-human interaction "
"i feel so lucky to be in korea right now, just going out and having fun  good luck to all the people in la crescenta and try not to get burned to a crisp "
do you know people are genetically programmed to really hate the cries of babies and children? it e playful lains a lot 
"if i had to win an award, i want it to be for conspicious gallantry and complete disregard for personal safety "
"one day, i will become the combination of an analyst and a therapist  an analrapist, if you will "
twilight is the most misognystic piece of shitastic writing i have ever read 
i have come to the conclusion mormons are fucked up after reading twilight  i'm off to go drink  i think i deserve that after reading this pile of pig feces 
just hummin the baseline    props to people who get the reference  comin home on thursday 
been back in <propfemale> for 10 hours  i am now e playful eriencing lag  nighty night time   
"fuck you, <propmale> cook, fuck you so fucking hard "
"i'm sad that kiss the rain is so overused in korean dramas, because its such a good piece of music "
the vatican is against surrogate mothers  good thing they didn't have that rule when jesus was born 
some say ignorance is bliss  i say bliss is for pussies 
"oh mst3k, where have you gone?"
"and i think to myself, what a wonderful world   "
dolphins are mean little m-therf-ckers 
"there is nothing beautiful about 500,000 dirty hippies gathered in one place "
"if you're ever in <propfemale> and someone asks if you'd like to try some changaa, do not drink that shit "
a drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts 
we! dig! giant robots! chicks! dig! giant robots!
anyone have a windows  playful  cd i can borrow? i want to dual os my <propmale>    i'll pay 20 bucks to whoever does  price is subject to change 
<propfemale> wa meido moe!!!!!
i end up paying a maximum of     about a 1000 dollars for college  this year  sweet 
"if you think i'm are going to poke even gentle fun at a ceremony that invokes a pantheon that contains a multi armed, sword wielding god called shiva the destroyer, you over-estimate the size of my balls"
"jenova's works is done  praise hojo! if you don't get this reference and your a gamer, i will come to your house and murder you!"
"no fangirls, just no  you have no idea what yaoi would actually consist of "
"i am sorry, but the bear jew does not \attempt\"" murder """
just moved in  and i'm already scared someone will steal my stuff 
"i need a dead chicken, cod liver oil, and a very depraved walrus "
today is always the most enjoyable day 
"oh, you wacky nazis "
"to all my sd friends, i can cook korean food for you  problem is, no pots, pans, or ingredients  supply those, and i can make whatever you want for you "
"dying might be unavoidable, but losing your cool is inexcusable "
suffer not the unclean to live 
lord help me they're playing journey outside of my dorm  and i cannot help but start wanting to join in 
"the first rule of the internet is, you don't piss off 4chan "
"i don't like a good majority of the universe  in retaliation, a good majority of the universe shows me no mercy "
"oh no! it is cold and slicey, the worst of both worlds!"
there is nothing as pure and as cruel as children 
oh <propmale> cooper  your like a big gay puppy in denial 
"if you've got enough time to fantasize about your beautiful death, why don't you live your life beautifully til the end?"
"if you want to get away with a crime <propfirst> free, remember to go so over the top the police feel stupid even writing about them "
i have balls  here me roar 
"a bat credit card!!!???? they had the balls, to give one of my childhood idols, a bat credit card!!??? rape my childhood will you!!!??? ill kill you!!!! ill kill all of you!!!"
"learning japanese, one little character at a time "
oh <propfirst> colbert  you and <propfirst> <propmale> make waking up at 6 in the morning worth it 
class ended early today  really early 
for the last time people  obama was born in the united states  he is a natural-born citizen  that is not an opinion  it is fact  deal with it 
what kind of lame power is heart anyway?
eureka 7  the only time rainbows aren't gay 
"fuck it, ill study chem on my own today "
"republicans, your logic fails on so many levels  democrats, you suck at standing up for yourselves "
"help me, i am watching the <propfemale> bride again for the umpteenth time  and loving it "
needles   in     braaaiiiiinnsss!!!!
i vote <propfirst> mercury's mustache the most manly facial hair ever  long live <propfemale> 
remember  optimus prime died for your sins  accept him as your lord and savior 
why would fox ever cancel arrested development!!!???? wrrrrrryyyyyyyyy!!!!!!???
the rejected title for twilight was vampires who love fat girls 
i hope my little sister gets better soon 
fuck you lifetime channel 
"i've realized that without the nba season, i'm bored as shit at nights "
making chem 6b my bitch 
always bring a gun to a sword fight 
"hitler was a very, very,  naughty man "
"everyone's always in favour of saving hitler's brain  but when you put it in the body of a great white shark, ooh, suddenly you've gone too far!"
<propfe<propfemale>le> <propfe<propfemale>le>  <propfe<propfemale>le> <propfemale>! kaaaaliii <propfemale>aaaa!!!
"uwe boll ist ein ekeln, nicht inspirierte kerbe schweinhund eines filmmachersund profimacher der falschen versprechen!!"
"but, but i aborted you  from time "
eight out of ten of those people you see would torture the shit out of a puppy if a dude in a lab coat asked them to  thank you milgram 
"i'm weary of this gilded world    it's all glitter, no soul "
fool! all we do in hell is play ddr!!!
"hah! suck it, twilight fans!"
i'm not too stupid to live! i'm too stupid to die!!
"oh please, i never get full  i only get less hungry "
done rereading 216 pages for the 4th time  i sure as hell better ace that quiz 
do you ever get the urge to do something stupid    and awesome?
"6 wins, 3 losses in 8-ball today  not bad overall "
give the conservative nutjobs credit  they make a shit load of money pandering to the lowest common denominator 
does he!? look!? like!? a bitch!?
"god bless the japanese  for a country that takes a hard stance against drugs, they sure have a lot of network executives on crack "
a woman's best makeup is her smile 
this! is! soooodaaaaa!!!
<propfirst> chick can kiss my fat asian ass 
"rule 34 shouldn't apply to sesame street \goes off to sob in corner\""  why are all the symbols of my childhood raped thus!!!!???"""
all hail ??? !!!!!!!
i just realize my anime habit probably kills more time than any drug possibly could 
every man dies  not every man really lives 
they did it! they really did? it! damn you all to hell!!
off to the pool tournament  gonna get me some free milkshakes 
"<propmale> raaamses! the man in gauze, the man in gauze!"
i don't want to die tomorrow regretting not eating this apple pie 
"there are no more heroes, forever "
fangirls terrify me 
fuck computational linguistics 
"as you know, there are certain flaws with manos the hands of fate "
i feel like eating some cup ramen  at midnight 
"this world is not beautiful, therefore it is "
time to reduce my last midterm into proverbial nothing 
"it's called magic, bitch! cause i am a man!!"
"every <propfemale> needs an evil, heartless plutocrat in can blame its problems on   and <propmale> murdoch is that plutocrat "
should i really eat <propfemale> ramen this late at night?
i spent 30 minutes staring of a video of a puppy and a kitten trying to get in the same shoe  it was worth it 
there's a little nazi in all of us just waiting to heil hitler 
"i don't care what people say, the <propfemale> bride kicks ass "
today is always the most enjoyable day 
here's some basic math for movie script writers  not funny + not funny = not fucking funny!!!
"you know, i realize today that i would give up my right to free speech if it means <propfirst> beck will shut the hell up "
home for the first time in a month  i require kalbi 
i'm home for the first time in a month  i need some real korean food or else i'll kill someone 
back in sd  time to sleep 
"okay, done sleeping    what next?"
???
a teenage girl is complex only in her simplicity 
"harro, every-nyan!! how ah you! fain sankyuu!"
dolphins are sex crazed killers  i think its time we recognize that now 
"i have got to find somewhere else besides <propmale> lecture hall to <propfemale> out on tuesdays and thursdays  goddammit christians, you ruined the one time of day i actually kind of liked "
"i will sum up <propfirst> from the little mermaid's personality in one phrase  \clears throat\""  \""i sold my soul for a vagina and a man i don't know \"""""
dumbledore commands you bitches!
currently nom nom nomming on some cheese fries  i really do love college 
falcon bluff!!!
fuck midterms! fuck it to death in the ear!
"if the world had been divided into three, it would have been heaven, hell, and me "
i feel like carne asada fries today    who wants to come with me and eat some?
everythings bigger    in <propfemale>!!
<propfirst> dobbs quit cnn!!! hale- fuckin- luiah!!!
i wish i had a talking coat 
i miss siskel and ebert  movie critiquing just isn't the same without them 
shut up and drink your urine!
oh please  i am far less warm and cuddly than hitler 
don't you every try to bring logic into my world! i'm <propmale> lim bitch!
i have the urge to do something stupid    and awesome!
"frankly, my dear, i don't give a crap "
there are some people in our lounge who need to shut the hell up 
neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrd!!!
"whenever im in trouble, i always ask myself- what would christian bale do?"
anybody in sd need a ride back to la crescenta next week? i don't feel like going back alone with only my dad for company 
"who wants to do eat some carne asada fries tomorrow  otherwise ill be forced to put the leftovers, forget about it, and then throw it away "
mein fuhrer! i can walk!
"fare thee well, you angry little gnome "
?????????? 
your not american!! your not even wearing a flag on your head!
"kindness can be cruel, sympathy can be torture, and love can be fatal    or is it?"
i must taste blood!!!
"oh, i hate studying    "
anyone want some pollo asada fries today? i'm feeling generous today 
you know you're in japan when you're food moves inside your mouth 
need to buy some christmas cards    but for whom?
"if i've learned one thing, the burger <propmale> always has it his way  always "
life may be a bitch  this is true  but she's my bitch 
thank you 4chan  you have once again given me reason to despise the human race 
i remember my crossbow phase  it was a confusing time for me 
"if i've learned anything from internet memes, its that bad math proves a point "
kobe!! kobe!! kobe!!
heading to cv for lunch tomorrow  should be fun 
"and so the alien invaders were defeated not by guns, bombs, or missiles, but the humblest of all of god's creatures: the tyrannosaurus <propmale> "
you know you're watching final fantasy xiii when you end up having trouble distinguishing in-game graphics and reality 
"<propfemale> christmas, feliz navidad, and happy birthday jesus christ! now i'm off to go hunt down <propfemale>  that fat, jolly bastard is going to pay for not cleaning up after the cookies last year!"
"i just realized if you put the phrase \ in bed \""after a lot of christian songs and phrases it sounds dirty  ex: \""lord and master of us all    in bed \"""""
who has gnosh for chem 6c? whats gonna be on our midterm?
"two men look out through the same bars: one sees the mud, and one the stars "
god this cough sucks total ass!!
"if i really cared about my appearance, i'd dress like a dead man everyday "
the president has been kidnapped by ninjas  are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
huh    its little sister's birthday today    guess i better call home 
does any1 know whether the senheiser px 200 ii or the audio technica fc700a is better?
any1 know where i can get some cheap sandals in la jolla?
"if there's one thing i've learned in my life, its that bad math proves a point "
?????????????????????????????? 
"if i could choose one organization to wipe off the face of the earth, it'd be equality now  there are far better organizations that actually deal with inequality in the world than that clusterfuck of feminazis "
"four elements: there's dj'in,there's breakin, there's graffiti, and then there's the mc "
"\falcon bluff!!\"" \""i call \"" \""falcon fuck!\"""""
time to go to my genetics midterm    god i hate this week 
back in la for the weekend  any1 up for some bball if there's no rain?
"i love the whole world, and all its messed up folks: boom de yada, boom de yada, boom de yada, boom de yada   "
"<propfirst> yuna definitely deserved first, <propfemale> asada did well enough to earn second, but i still say mirai nagasu deserved 3rd  the canadian fucked up i dun care if her mom died a few days ago, medals shouldn't be given out of pity, you earn that them "
"all life is like spelled out in an alphabet of chemicals, man, two helices spiraling around each other and it's the same way for all the animals and plants and everything "
"if god really does exist, then i'm sure he has a plan for all of us  a painful, painful, plan "
fuck you finaaaalssss!!!!! fuck you to heeeeellllllllll!!!!
why is it that japanese mtv is infinitely better than american mtv?
done with finals  suck it sd 
home sweet home bitches 
"you know, there are only so many ways to say fuck you to <propfirst> beck  can anyone help me out?"
any1 up to do something this week? i got nothin better to do 
any1 in la crescenta up for bball?
any1 got a psp they're willing to sell cheap?
"back in ucsd, and kind of liking it "
i wish i knew someone in sd with a fucking pokewalker 
"cause i'm a picker, i'm a grinner, i'm a lover and i'm a sinner   "
"and so, the girl and the vampire go on a date    that sounds like the beginning of a joke doesn't it!"
"am i seriously watching the <propfemale> bride right now? fuck it, the movie is still awesome "
      where is steam for <propmale> valve!!???? you bastards better not have lied!
currently eating colbert's americone dream and loving it 
what happened when x play used to be funny?
holy crap its gonna be 420 soon  well at least im in sd 
who in sd wants a ride back to la crescenta this friday?
i am going to add <propmale> sparks onto the list of writers i hate 
how to train your dragon was actually really good! i give it an a- 
"i'm thinking about it now, and avatar was crap next to how to train your dragon "
i have come to the conclusion today that roughly 75 % of people who call obama a communist have no fucking clue what that even means or entails 
i got a single  sweet 
i think there was an earthquake while i was asleep  strange 
rocketing to fame for the most insubstantial of reasons  truly this is the american dream 
"2 down, 1 more to go "
my sister is watching camp rock 2  god shoot me 
got sad? then become awesome! that is the only way to live life 
faith is for the transient 
some people call me the space cowboy    yeah
anyone up for watching tron tomorrow?
blood for the blood god! skulls for the skull throne!
what is a man? (a worthless pile of not <propfemale>!)
? ?? ?
"it's 106 <propmale> to chicago  we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses "
fighters ready  engage 
"                       ´¯ )\                    , ¯   \                         \              ´¯ '   ' ´¯¯`·¸\           '                  ¨¯\\\        ('(   ´   ´     ¯~ '   ')\         \\                 '      \          ''   \\           _ ·´\            \\              (\              \\             \\   \\in case anyone ever needs to respond to someone in a clearly pissed off manner "
"\bodies are for hookers and fat people \"" - futurama"""
"been a long road to follow\been there and gone tomorrow\without saying goodbye to yesterday\are the memories i hold still valid?\or have the tears deluded them?"
"no, it's not going to stop\so just   give up \\dammt i love that song "
