b7cbc7093f448cca6ff6cf24fbca94d5
kids today are retarded 
"another year, another day  same ol' crap "
i hate sneeze while chewing  whatever sneaks out i find and eat again!
"rice, beans, tomatoes, roast beef, water, water, water, and more water =  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"i enjoy cleaning cat vomit  nothing pleases me more than to have a talkative cat just meow meow meow and then unleash her furry on the rug and me not knowing about it till i step into it and drag it all over  \\this is the 2nd time "
strange    it's too early to be this cold  incoming another bad (good) winter? 4 or 5 feet of snow to shovel? fucking right!
"the table saw loves cutting my fingers when i make 1 2 inch cuts and then not letting me lightly sand the blood off the wood  \\i should just start painting trim molding for awhile > sad "
damn you chinkanese and your fried rice 
ate 15 times today    still hungry 
wants to put it in 4l and reverse into kids who like to tailgate 
miraclewhip or w e the fuck its called icing is just so damn fucking terrible and all i could get was the large bday bullshit size 
i am going to ponder up a storm that blows the leaves into your yards  no? too bad! look out of your windows!!
another drag of a day!
in order to enjoy survive life you have to be born stupid so you don't understand see the truth 
"point the finger and it will break  all in due time, of course "
"the truth is a sickness so don't catch a cold, you couldn't handle it "
i noticed that everybody is a monkey 
raking and dumping leaves should not have an effect on ones body  damn you wet colorful leaves!! damn you!! i also did not appreciate slipping on the acorns    hate you acorns!!!
the answer is inside of you but to achieve it is to suffer 
feeling down? punch your nearest clown 
everyone has a story but is there ever an ending?
"you can't be nice or people think you're strange and are up to something  how are we suppose to live? yes, yes, there are evil people out there to ruin you but of course those are obstacles and can be overcome together "
"so     anyone have the scores from the pats vs steelers game last night? \\nvm    just watch espn   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
everyone is a piece of toast  they have a dark side and a light side 
to be understood takes years but to understand takes minutes 
scream and people will hate you  whisper and people will hate you  your life is a no win situation 
facebook games are pretty damn lame 
where are you going? take your time  you have a higher <propmale> of killing yourself than the world coming to an end 
i stand in front of the self register machine at the store wondering why they don't have green <propfemale> peppers listed in the b tab 
life is not as short as you think it is so life live one day at a time and not one hour after another 
you can hope for many possibilities but it's all a mere fantasy 
why must you wear that stupid mask?
what we do as humans to amuse ourselves 
coffee cakes cannot be beaten 
i want to vote for a woman who doesn't wear too much make-up 
to understand life is to understand a cloud 
eyes are dry and i feel sluggish  not suppose to happen!
why must everything be labeled as he 
if only those who say nothing could have their mind speak for them 
why can't people pay attention when driving? what's so hard?
"why must people wait till thanksgiving to give thanks? shouldn't that be a daily thing? then there's christmas    i sure as hell wont celebrate it when i know a lot of families cannot due current events \\people need to wake up and realize holidays are just another day "
to reason with someone is like talking to a turkey 
"when some are down the rest are up  when some are angry the rest are happy  \\what a roller coaster ride!"
"you can cut yourself and bleed but you can't cut your heart and live \\ooooooh, deep thoughts, deep thoughts "
your wishes come true but it's always gonna backfire 
"yes, life is not fair  but we can be "
"don't forget to thank your local toilet today  it's working overtime with your family abusing it  \\ sad @toilet"
"people will take buy an anti-depressant for $1,000's when a simple conversation with a family member or best friends is free   also, there is no side effect whatsoever!"
"sure, you can judge someone, but how about judging yourself first?"
"to be or not to be    well   you definitely don't want to be like everyone else, right?"
stop understanding without thinking 
"look alone at the sky some night, you will realize you're just as bright  \\(or just not as bright! lol)"
if you can't get a valid reply then move on 
your enemies are right next to you and you wont know it till it happens 
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood and invite your friends to do the same  by monday, december \6th, there should be no human faces on facebook - but an invasion of \memories  (for the campaign against child violence)"
"is it wrong to ripp music even though the cd isn't out yet? or is it better to sit on my hands and wait it out?  sad   sad  \\so tempting   "
"facebook, when are you going to show  gif's? assholes!"
doo doo doo
who knew that a plumper would make music off the pipes!
think of the little things that matter in life and not the big dumb ones 
"you can think positive about something but it usually comes out negative  \\ sad "
take a look around    do you understand any of it?
"don't beat yourself up, it's not worth inner destruction "
the walls are closing in sooner then i thought!
a minute consist of 60 seconds and yet a microwave minute consist of 80 seconds 
don't think you can't do it because that's thinking and not doing 
everyday is the same day 
"come on    we don't want to see people working, we want to see some trucks!"
tomorrow should be better than yesterdays today 
women gawk too much 
"it's annoying to wear all this warm clothing then head into a store and you're melting  you can't take the coat or w e you're wearing off because you don't want to <propfemale> it  \\life isn't easy "
blah blah blah
feels great to block ignore people who are hypocrites!
"ate 12 tacos    the 30% bigger ones    i don't feel sick, just, slow   laugh   laugh   laugh  when i wake up tomorrow i will be trim as a tree still!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"nothing is going right for me today  fuck you, today  i hate you  i want to beat you with a clock  bitch   "
you poke i poke we poke
i'm gonna win  i'm not tired yet!
"everyday someone has a problem and the replies they receive are barbaric  oh, yea, \just sayin'\"" is overused  be yourself", for fuck sakes  \b7cbc7093f448cca6ff6cf24fbca94d5,"so     it's come to the point where i could eat a whole box of waffles in one sitting  meh, 20 minutes total time?"
sutats a rof etirw ot tahw    mmmh
meh
{: ??u????? ?o ????s s??? ?u?sn o? ?sn ??? p?no?
ghfm hfjhgrhgrmshgfrhsrthrth rthtr nhtrhtr
na na na na na na nananana nanananananafsnasnananan
open your mind and understand the truth 
can't wait for this month and year to be over with  nothing but problems and $$$$$$$  may 2011 be easier   
                                 
"move along, holiday  i need to get stuff from lowes!"
"i am eating <propfirst> english muffins, and then off to beat up weights in the basement  after that, i am going to eat allllllll the <propfirst> bagels, then i'm going to pretend i'm eating <propfemale>'s purina cat food in front of her till she starts crying  > smile \\i'm on a mission!"
dum dum dum   
"you might see things clearly but someone else will not  someone might find it funny but you might not \\there will always be an opposite of you "
pancakes 
somewhere out there    there is someone like you    everyone has a twin 
open your mind before opening your mouth 
"i drive pass the walmart entrance and see no one crossing  i then continue to slowly drive when out of nowhere, this middle aged woman with her coat hood up over her head is 2 inches from the left side of the front of the truck  i tell her to go so i can turn in to find a parking spot  she gives me the evil eye as if it's my fault even though she wasn't there 50 seconds ago "
getting annoyed with my ears getting red every other hour  > sad 
"if someone finds a money tree, let me know  i have a perfect spot for it "
i got your nose!
i always catch myself sleeping with one eye open 
"go away, sheep  go follow some other shepard "
hates the weekends 
wha'chu dooooin'?
"never think you're better than someone  chances are, that someone is 10x better than you "
"undisputed iii: redemption\\gooooood movie "
wow  24 degrees this morning? it was like a summer day to me   laugh 
"how is 4 inches of snow a snow storm? anything over 8 inches, sure  @_@"
"i don't care for these but long <propfirst> said he would beat me up if i didn't post \\you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along  smile "
"i do this, they do that  i do that, they do this "
you're the whitest rice out there  why are you using ebonics?
i don't feel like shaving and don't feel like getting anymore haircuts  who's with me?! let's get hairy!!
life sure does love to play tricks on one 
my feet smell like french fries for some odd reason   annoyed 
"i back up the ab lounge 100%  i can't wait to use it again, today  it feels as if someone is stabbing me in the gut "
do you know what i'm thinking? i know what you're thinking 
to know one you must be one and to be one you must understand one 
meatloaf is _______
the turtle ate a tetra -_- just because the tetra didn't want to move out of her way 
"you're a dummy \your fault \\see the damn difference "
nom nom nom    bagels    nom nom nom    yum   
and so it continues   
"there are three tomatoes walking  mommy tomato, daddy tomato, baby tomato  baby tomato is lagging behind  daddy tomato goes to the baby tomato, smashes it, and says, catch up "
<propfemale> killed her b f and posts evidence of it with her taking advantage of the corpse  i figured i'd throw that out there   
thinking is dangerous 
you can walk and take in things slowly or run and trip over everything 
svfbghhnnkm jghfdfsaxcvgbghn
tearing down wall paper    not a fun activity 
time to get another <propfemale> so the other one can stop wrestling other neighborhood cats 
now time to make the cats like each other  one male un-neutered and one female neutered    joy! > >
dream a wish and wish a dream 
doo doo dooo
so    i walked out of giant and got in the truck  i had my left leg hanging out as i was picking up change and the wind slammed the door onto my leg  i had an angry face all day   annoyed 
i'm going to pronounce arkansas as if i was pronouncing kansas   
my nose doesn't stop itching!
glad to see green bay win  a team that was nearly headed into bankruptcy winning the superbowl? how neat is that?    steelers fans     playful 
it's not pleasant to see a thermometer go into a cats ass   
dum de dum de doo
"someone can believe in god and yet not believe in ghost  a person can believe in ghost but yet not in god  \\make sense?"
why is it so hard to find simple scissors     i just want to trim my goatee! no   i have to buy a damn electronic trimmer  >:{
every <propmale> i get    i    twirl the cats tails till they fall asleep then i smack them with it and act as if i didn't do anything wrong    they stare me down till i confess   annoyed 
mmmmm    chinese food 
pound cake   
living on the avenue sure does have its downfalls  fire trucks? ambulances? they all sound like the gestapo 
fooood     mmmmm   
i wouldn't be surprised if we had a blizzard in march 
want to get a cat down from a tree? show it food   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
think before leaping further into your future which you have no clue what it holds 
is eating two bags of toasted bagels  drooooool!
english muffins? nom nom nom nom nom
snow? tomorrow? 6-10 inches? gonna see a lot of bad drivers out tomorrow    def  not looking forward to it!! > surprise 
"scared to drive in the slush <propfirst>? that's okay    that slush <propfirst> belongs to me, anyways "
what's so hard? take 10 minutes out of your day and clean all the snow off your vehicle  can't reach? use a fucking ladder  damn lazy asses 
"bagels gone     annoyed  \\hello, bananas!"
"dayum, noodles, carrots, onions, <propfemale> peppers, and cabbage    you are my savior "
?
damn it! soft cookies are my kryptonite :{
i just ate a whole pizza 30 minutes ago and i'm hungry again    bring on the bagels!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
another up and down drag of a day 
people are characters but damn! do they choose to play the wrong part 
hmmm   
"rice, steak, white beans, squash, half an italian bread, and pitcher of water!  drooool"
japan? earthquake? tsunami? what's new   
so this lady comes up to me today to ask for money for a greyhound ticket because her car was died on the day i didn't feel like carrying cash    oh the memories of being stranded in the past all rushed in and ruined my day 
 
almonds = win
"upgrading basement gym, begins  i am sure this will take a few months   annoyed "
i hope i am not the only one to write a status in the search bar up top   annoyed 
why do women intentionally flaunt their tits in a picture?
paint paint paint  shake your paint brush  no really    shit likes to drop on the floor  > annoyed 
"damn, it's hot "
i'm sitting here eating a whole italian bread 
disgusting but assumptions seem to be spot on 
"i delete people that annoy me, i don't even talk to, or i find hypocritical overtime  if nothing changes, oh well  the less people to deal with the better "
   
cold  sucks  now 
i think i am going to pass out  finally 
everyday seems empty 
i don't see why people hate the rain  it cleans the air from those who talk with their ass 
"strips of streak, <propfemale> pepper, rice, tomato, beans, two toasted bagels, and a gallon of water to drown in  \\fuck yea! amirite?"
we can walk but then there's the talk  we can talk but then there's the walk  we can stare and glare but then there's no where to get that fresh air 
"it sucks not being able to sleep right off the bat for the past two days, now  > annoyed "
life is beautiful yet ugly at the same time 
"accept what's given to you  appreciate what's there in front of you  think about why this is happening to you  open your mind to the things that pass you by and, don't be shy, look up to the sky and ask why "
"people say common sense is not common, yet, having the ability to sense is common  to me it seems people do not care to use their ability to think but rather, be common "
