64413ee7576eaadae2c1a5b1ab24317a
on november 10th it will be two (2) full years that briarra (my granddaughter) has been in remission!!!!
"homework, homework, and more homework        got to get it done   anybody want to help?"
thank god for resurrection sunday 
"i'm now officially a \soccer godmommy\""  go <propfemale>!"""
i've found 2 wonderful people from hollydale  anybody else out there????
out of the mouths of babes (<propfemale>) i love being me!
gentlemen    today is your day  happy father's day
"rain, rain, go away!!"
ain't nothing free unless it comes from heaven 
"statistics is over! i got an \a\""!!!!"""
"only an aunt can give hugs like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister,and love like a friend  if you are a aunt who loves her nieces and nephew post on your status  i love <propfemale>, jj, and <propfirst> "
"good morning!  since we all know how amazing it feels after a good workout, why don't we do it more often?"
robinson softball team    you guys played a great game saturday!  keep it up   see everybody at practice monday!
"hey team    you guys played an excellent game today - 23 to 4   we are currently 9-1 \i hope you haven't forgotten about our annual church picnic tomorrow   as always we would like everyone to join us at broad ripple park 11 surprise 0 for food, fun, and fellowship \plus we can brag about our fabulous record!  hope to see you tomorrow!"
i want to thank all the members of the softball team for coming to the picnic   i hope everyone had a great time!  see you at practice monday!
happy friday!  and its going to be a fabulous day 
today starts the ccsl tournament     robinson has 3 games today   that's right 3   2 surprise 0 5 surprise 0 & 9:15  come out and support us!  we'll be at <propmale> kline    
it's tournament time and robinson's softball team is on a roll!  we played 3 games saturday and won them all!  sunrise bapt 23-6 mt <propfemale>     15-11mt pleasant     6-1our next game is this saturday at 5 surprise 0 at <propmale> klein softball complex 
"the final four teams going for the ccsl championship are robinson comminity ame, true vine, bethesda, & northside new <propfemale>"
alright robinson we beat true vine 9-6!
robinson community ame church softball team are the christian coed softball league champions!!!?
come on people! we're on interstate 70 - you can go faster than 5 mph!  you're making me late 
today is not a good day   i need this to hurry and be over 
yes! another class down and 3 to go  i'll get my grade this week 
i hate thunder!!!!
wishing you a very happy thanksgiving  let's celebrate the blessing of family and friends!
happy holidays everyone!
wishing you a very <propfemale> christmas  take time to give thanks for the blessings received this year not what's under the tree  those are what matter most!
what!? peyton manning ran?     with the football!
have you made plans for a new years celebration?  don't forget to plan a way to get home 
did anybody feel this mornings earthquake?
"its the last day of 2010  pretty soon we start all over again  will you make changes, try something new, do something different? after all its a new year "
"snow, snow, go away   come again        never!"
"more snow??!! okay, i'm ready for spring "
it's cold!\\n2 degrees with a -15 wind chill\\nbe careful  stay warm 
last night of class!!
class is over! two (2) more to graduate
the state of the union address was            interesting 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   i am truly blessed 
it must really be bad - ips is closed!
gotta get the ice off my car  man this stuff is thick! anybody want to lend a hand?
i can't belive it    it must really be awful outside ips is closed again!  that's 3 days in a row 
"ok, whoever pissed off mother nature, apologize  and do it now!"
6 inches of ice vs 6 inches of snow    they are not equal 
oh what a difference new wiper blades make!
black & yellow black & yellow black & yellow black & yellow
come on steelers you can do this!
touchdown!! steelers!
yes!!!!
2 point conversion! oh yeahb
black & yellow  black & yellow
oh well     good game
