fff341ec8fa4505721e42a697bf36a7f
ahhh my life is boring without efy       
uhhhh!!!!!stupid facebook!! i've tried downloading my pics like 4 times and it loads all the way then says it failed!!!!!!!! ughhhhhhhh
i got my hair cut  it's short again  ugh now i have to pack for girls camp        
be different from the world in order to make a difference in the world 
woohoo!!! i get to swim tomorrow
my arms are getting darker but my legs are still as white as ever!!!
i picked my new glasses today!! i should be getting them in about a week and a half!!!! yay
ahewwww my mama is pickleing beets!
is anxiously awaiting hawaii
"hmm   i'm kinda tired but very slap happy mahah, where is everyone    ?"
i found him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
 laugh   laugh  that was probably the best way to wake up!!  laugh 
ankle kills!!!!! ahh i'm such a stoooooge!  sad 
 crying  i have blisters on my nose and ears        stupid stupid sunburn!!!
"is thinking that <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propmale> should come visit!"
i don't think we'll be seeing the boys tonight  sad 
hehehe i love those sock things you wear when you try shoes on!!!
is sooooo confused!! ughhh!!
hehe i got syrup all over my  homework!!  laugh 
hehehehe baby's ears are twitching to the beat!
uuuuuughhhhhhhhhh why did i have to screw it up!!!!!  crying   crying 
loves happy bedtime stories that make you sigh and hope that it will someday come true 
now knows what a t-rex would look like while typing  laugh 
ahhhhh!!!!! the craziest thing just happened!!!! i was going through my deck of cards    realized the 3 of hearts was missing  so i used red nail polish to make the black and white joker the new 3 of hearts  once it was dry i added it to the pile  i shuffled it   but couldn't find my new card  then i found the real 3 of hearts   but the black and white joker was missing!!!!!!!!
some of my favorite quotes from chare bear this week 'i feel like a convict!' 'my middle toe finger is going numb   '
"'because of me, you'll owe me your life, your husband's muscles, your husband's job, and your child's social life'  laugh  oh how i love chare bear  hehe"
i feel like 'reading journals'!!!!!!! ahhhhh i'm addicted!
thank you!!!!!! aww you guys are alllll amazing!
mmm    just had a wonderful mud bath  laugh   laugh 
