ab7d668b2621d092b392ad8c930545ae
wish i started this year off with my man kiss (
this year definatley isnt starting off to good for me kiss (
on the kitchen table
on the floor 2nite wink 
"is on the laundry basket, for now!"
"oh man, whata nite!"
gota work out frowny  i dont wana be sore anymore
dont wana do laundry or clean 2day  ritchie come home and motivate me  wink 
"ok, ok so laundry today for sure!  annoyed "
i think im still a lil drunk from last nite    not good gota meet my grandma so i can get a kitten!!!!
"wow, work is boring on sundays    cant wait till 2morrow so i can get my kitten!!"
"getting my blood drawn, was e playful osed to blood borne pathogens at work  kiss ("
"thinking that i spent too much $$ at the mall 2day, or maybe i should have gotten that lingeri and cute dress and wedges    what do u think?"
"its hot and i ate tooo much, bad combination  annoyed "
at work on asmoke break  damn specimen clotted  sad 
"at home now, ahhh the couch feels sooo good"
"wow  my man looks sooo dam good in his new hat, hmmm dirty thoughts  wink "
omg! cocanut m&ms are awesome! they taste like almond joys  got get sum now!
"soooo bored  want to go to the mall and get a pedi, a dress and an orange julious!!"
so freaking annoyed rite now
on my way to work  feeling bad for my babe  he got less than 3hours of sllep and his commander is a cocksucker!! i love u babe 2morrow will be better  smile 
"omg! work sucked cant wait to go home and munch, and kiss muh sweet 0pies!"
awake and tired at the same time
tired and dont feel well
"feel like poo, jus wan2 go home"
oh my jesus!!! so stuffed  chinese food rocks
"take out the trash, put the baby to bed, shower and yep     ready for bed            jud wish my <propfemale> was here with me"
misses my babies  sad 
jammin to a perfect circle and tool     lol     and annoying the shit outta <propfirst>
got called into work for 2100-0700 then got to go in at 1130!! i am sooo hating my job rite now  jus want to be at home with my ritchie kiss (
i worked 15hours today  wow  i am exhausted
"<propmale> shooting in albuquerque 2day  7shot 3dead and 4wounded, or  and er was crazy at work 2day  god bless the victims families"
saw a dead body at work today
tired
non-evenful day in the er
"at home cleaning,,,blah!!!"
"missing my babe usually more than normal, dreading september  dont wana lose him  kiss (**"
"off to see korn, <propmale> zombie and hatebreed!! fuck yea my niggs!"
"enjoying mayham fest at the hard rock pavillion, up next korn!!! sickness"
really tired jus wana lay down with  my sweety
surprisingly nice slow day in th er
is wanting spaghetti!!! hurry up <propfirst> and get a cooking
still feeling sick  surprise  
have to work and still feel a lil stuffy  aww poo!!!!
feel at lot better but my nose is chapped and sore  kiss (
"dang this damn cold wont go away, now my throat is sore"
ugh!! stuck in driving skool till 330 wait a waste of a good saturday  sad 
chocolate milk sounds good for breakfast  wink 
"yay! its my friday, too bad i cant buy sum beer, lost my id, how sad"
fuck!!shoulda had <propmale> buy me sum beer after all     
decided that im not fond of moonshine
wishes my love was home<<<< annoyed igh smile >>>
wants my <propmale> bear now!!!!!!
fuck!! jus got buffaloed by jacki-o and ritchie!!!
"dang, i hate being on-call"
been awake since 4am and still awake!!! wtf?
"crap, another day of work"
"seriously, im getting tired of my job, do not want to work today"
"is going to bed early tonight, so drained"
"yet another day of work, at least im not in the mood i was in yesterday"
one hour of sponge <propmale> and 30mins of icarly and off to work i go
wow  jus got slammed at work  only four hours to go   fuck!!
"one day off this week, and vacation for a week after this!!! excited and nervous"
"ahh yes, schlotzsky's albuquerque turkey sure did hit the spot       surprise )"
"is so infuriated and hurt rite now, jus cant believe this shit"
"im tired, hot, and i cut my toe while helping potsie move     what a day this has been    and i gota work 2morrow  kiss ("
bedtime!! babe u are so comfortable!!!!!
4 more days omg!!!
"two more days of work, one day to pack, and we cant wait to leave here!!!!!"
"clean, clean ,clean and finish getting ready for our wonderful vaca!!!!"
getting pedi- ready for the beach!!!!
"is in <propfirst>, boarding the plane for <propfemale>!!!!"
omg! the east coast is so beautiful i want to stay here and live here forever with my loves <propfirst> and <propfemale>
is in north <propfemale>!!!  bout 1 and a half from south caorlina cant wait to go to the beach
sitin on the porch at richards grandparents house
cant wait for 2morrow!!
"the beach was awesome, dont want to go back home"
i miss little <propfemale> so much cant wait too see her 2morrow!!!
"so excited to see my baby <propfemale>, yet so sad to come bak home home cuz my ritchie has to leaves soon"
"is in <propfirst>! almost home,im coming <propfemale>!!"
that burrito was nasty
back to work after being off for 10 days    poo
"dreading tomorrow      but its coming no matter what i do, please god watch over him"
"the other half of heart isgone now, cant wait to get it back"
"good night my love sorry u got stuck in st  <propfirst> for the next couple of days, glad i got to talk to u today, cant  wait for ur call 2morrow!!! xoxo"
super duper happy!!! got to talk to my man tonight for more than an hour!!! its so good jus to hear his sexy ass voice
"all alone for the first night, its sad and lonely    and i jus finished watching the fourth kind so im all scared to be by myself now  kiss ("
finally!!!! uploaded all the pics from our vacation
jus chilin at home all alone   
"crap!! missed my babes call, man i feel awful now"
"oh my god thank you so much!!! i am so incrediably happy right now, jus got to talk to my <propfemale> for 15 whole minutes!!!! wow thank u lord i needed to hear his voice so bad today laugh "
jus waiting to hear from my love
super glad i got to hear ur voice and know that u are safe today sleep well my love
"dr  swallow and dr  bigpond, wtf? religous channel anyone?"
"omg!! my spanish class is sooo confusing, how am i going to write 2 dialouges when i dont even know how to say one sentence en espanol?"
"gota 6 pack, the blues, <propmale> the 3rd blasting on the stereo and my babe deep on my mind, nothing like another lonely friday night"
"variety of brews, <propmale>, ritchie in my heart and our goood neighbor <propfirst> and <propfemale> cline"
good times minus him  kiss (
feels like crap todat
"yay!!! got my spanish flash cards done, still got some homework to do"
"work time, nooooo!!!!"
man i hope this month goes by fast
misses him
worried
a whole lot better today  smile 
it really does get better day by day
ugh!!! i dont want to do laundry    wheres <propfirst> when i need him to fold all these clothes
at least the laundry mat has wifi  smile 
its so boring at home without my lil <propfemale> and richard sad 
man i slept so good   was very surprised
"wow, work went by fast today, or maybe im jus super happy that i got to talk to my love for a long time"
"i do not like sleeping with <propfemale>, i did not sleep well at all!!!!"
ugh!! i hate doing my spanish homework   i dontget it
"another day of work, at least today is my wednesday!!"
"man im tired, too tired to take a shower and walk the dog even       "
really doesnt want to work today
ugh!! i feel like i have so much stuff to do by friday
ok so i jus finished typing the first half of homework  got all my hunies belongings ready to be shipped and i am so freaking exhausted now  i am going to bed dream about my baby coming home!!
yay!! its my friday night   oh wait i still got homework and skool in the morning      ah poo
i hate waiting for a phone call or one message each day
"got called into work nooo, dam u tricore"
missing my love so bad right now
i hate hanging up clothes!!
"yay! mine and ritchies room is all clean, this is the first time ive cleaned it since he left!!!"
"stressing out, have to come up with an extra $$325 by 7 days, gawd i hate these apartments"
"aw hell, i gota mesquito bite on my lip!"
omg this day has been so awful cant wait for this week to end  i hope my baby calls me so i can get sum words of encouragment frm him  annoyed 
"so glad this week is over, now i jus gota pay all these darn bills"
"so incrediably happy, i got to see my man (via skype) after 31days of not seeing that beautiful smile i miss so much  thank u lord for bringing us together i couldnt ask for anything more than jus to bring him back to us safely and swiftly     3 and a half more months to go!!! please give me the strength to keep this smile on my face smile "
wow!!! i made sum really good salmon   yummy
"oh man its so hard to say goodbye to him on video message, i always start tearing up at the end"
omg i feel so much better now  smile 
"so happy today, i m loving life!!"
i really really need to clean my house!!!
"do not want to go to work today, at least its my friday"
"i am <propfemale> so tired i do not want to be here today, ugh    i still got 5 more hours  sad "
yay get to go home early
is so fucking pissed!!!!
"we dont have chocolate milk <propfemale>!!!! stop asking me, ur driving me crazy"
i like it on the coffee table after work
"ahh, stupid homework and waiting for my love to call "
"oh lord, all that brocoli gave me gas  surprise  "
extremely bored!!!
hates being lonely  sad 
: annoyed igh:: i hate waiting for one phone call every day night
"loving my life, and thanking my stars that ive ended where i washed ashore, thank u lord for sailing me and <propfemale> into his arms     surprise )"
is so missing his arms around me
<propfirst> <propfemale>
"feels so nice to be home, jus wish <propfemale> and <propfirst> were here with me  kiss ("
"today is going to be wonderful, i get <propfemale> back and i got to talk to ritchie this morning  i only hope that mama <propfemale> is feeling better 2day"
i am hungary and have no breakfast food to cook
"cleaning and trying to put <propfemale> down for a nap, and also wait, hoping ritchie calls me soon"
"goodnight peeps, hopefully ill actually sleep tonight, its looking good so far    richard i love u and miss and i will definately dream of u tonight my love"
"slept real good, now off to work smile "
one more day!!
"waiting for my sweetness to call hes getting out late tonight, poor babe"
"how come the weekends go by <propfemale> fast,i have a ton of stuff to do and to get done by the end of tomorrow and then back to work, why cant i have 3days off?"
worried    
"miss my babe, wish i could hug him throught the comp "
": annoyed igh:: got stood up by all my friends, my best gf is studing, my best guy friend is all the way in az with a dead phone and the love of my life is all the way in iraq, gawd i hate being alone "
"skip that going to go see jackass 3d with sum of my girl, at least somebody came throught tonight"
"ok i got my nite figured out now, no movie with the girls, one dished out, so jus me and <propfemale> for a night of dancing!!! havent gone dancing since my man was here, oh how i wish i could dance with him tonight, even if it is jus in our living room!!"
"had a blast last night, found my new faveroit club!!!"
is waiting for my love to call
aww i cant talk to him for 24 hours!!!!!!! i hate it
aww my bed did not want to let me out of it this morining
"i miss <propfirst> right now, wish i could call him and tell about my day so far  i am super excited to get my present from him this saturday, uhg!! i cant wiat wish it was friday already"
"guess im not gona get my nightly phone call, im all sad now  sad "
"yes!!! cant wait for saturday, i cant wait to get my present from my love!"
woke up at 530am for a stupid phone call i never got; oh why did i wake up? i wasnt trying to get up that early surprise  
"why do i always miss him, and why cant i stop thinking about him?"
"i got flowers!! and they are beautiful, i fall more and more in love with him each day!!!"
hummm               would it be weird if i slept and cuddled with my flowers tonight
"where does my weekend go??? back to work again, i jus want to stay home and stare at my flowers all day"
"wow!! my flowers smell sooo pretty today!! thank you baby i am enjoying them sooo much, and my heart aches for you even more  kiss ("
"even tho its my tuesday, it sure does feel like a monday"
does anyone remember gundam wing?? or am i the only dork who watched that??
"arrived super early to the kolazapine clinic  rn <propmale> was kinda annoyed bout that, opps!! my bad"
"a nice long shower and my bed is looking sooo good right now, only wish ritchie was lying in it with me"
omg what a day
omg yall!!!! i am <propfemale>oo <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>oo super happy right now at this very moment!!!!
"yes yes i am still super happy, jus knowing what is to come and that i am the one makes my tummy flutter!!!"
day 59 got about 81 more to go         
day 60 and 80 days to go b4 i can hold and kiss the love of my life again
my sweetie always knows the right words to say to make me smile and cry tears of joy smile  super happy once again i want him to come home already
omg!!! i cant believe the saints jus intercepted that ball!!!!!!!! why god why
"oh god, dont know why he hasnt called yet, uhg!!!!!!!!!1 i always get so worried when our \schdule\"" get off wack without me knowing ahead of time"""
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if you       are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops "
my throat hurts  sad 
really already gone through a pack of kleenex? my poor <propfemale> still has a fever and a cough sad 
tired
"ugh, i think my baby got me sick"
"absolutely, positively 100% truely crazy in love  surprise d"
"i hate when ritchies internet keeps cutting out, its so annoying!!!!!!"
"at home all alone once again, i cant wait till ritchie i pcs outta this state that way <propfemale> can always be with me when hes gone"
uh  i ate waaaay too many nachos
"holy <propfemale>, in one month my baby will be 3!!!!!"
on lunch  its so boring now that i dont have ritchie to talk to
"almost friday, hum should i get shoes, a tattoo or a day at the spa this weekend, why cant i have em all??"
"this time change sux, it has now made it harder for me to talk to ritchie f*#king pissed"
"aww man my bed feels so awesome, im wishing it wasnt so empty"
"i am missing my babies, wanting to model my new boots for ritchie-boo"
"hey babe call me if u want, cuz <propfemale> is taking forever"
is awake and worried and feels bad
"hey babe my friends jus called and siad they do not need me to pick them up so i am going to meb now i love you i will try to answer ur call in the morning, but i am tired now so good night i hope you slept ok"
ha ha i am dumb ment to put a post on ritchies wall and put it for my status
"yes!!!! i am home and glued to the couch, time for sum football!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"oh no, not hines!!!!!"
"f%&king <propmale> is pissing me off tonight, come on, these new left and right tackle guys are not doing a good job, annoyed             "
um yea i dont think we are going to win this one  kiss (
i done watching
i am so disappointed
"why do i even try???? especially if its not going to be appreciated, then whats the point in being sweet anyway?"
"is feeling loved and extremely blessed, i love my babies i want another one  wink  hint hint ritchie-pooh  love   love   love   love "
60 more days and counting       
"my\boyfriend has made me laugh  wiped my tears  hugged me tight  watched me\succeed  seen me fail  cheered me on  kept me going strong  my boyfriend\is a promise from god that i will have a friend forever  put this as\your status if you love your boyfriend ???"
wishing it was 2011 already
"sleepy, is going to go to sleep with my <propfemale> on skype smile "
ugh!! do not want to work today
"tired of this lonely, empty bed"
57 days           hurry up father time!!!!
it has been 12 weeks adnd 84 days only 8 more weeks and about 56 more days to go     
"mr president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? re-post if you agree"
"watching open range trying to get motivated to clean house, funny how they used to call shot guns scatter guns, makes more sense tthan \shot gun\"""""
wow!! could this be??!! i am actually hanging up my laundry         my babe would be proud surprise d
"\its really funny capt  its afganistanimation\"""""
i am watching the new predator and it is freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!
"myself, <propfemale> and mickeys thanksgiving dinner: one large supreme pizza, jalapeno poppers and a 12 pack of <propfemale> nevada       good times, good times  smile   the new predator movie f*%king rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh wcjfcp_ism
"i miss my reinhart, rip july 28th 2010,  you will always be my faveroit bestest dog ever!!! i love you reiner wish u were still here"
ijus want to go home and sleep
sick to death of missing him; why does it have to be this hard??
still feels like poo
"tired, tired of being alone and empty"
i am getting so sick of work
50 more days
finally its december now jus waiting on january
"change\your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday \the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your \friends to do the same    copy and paste to keep it going     "
at 1217 am 3years ago yoiu came into this world who knew 6lbs 6oz could change my life for the better smile  love you <propfemale>
"the closer it gets, the harder it is or at least thats what it seems like"
"gawd, why do i get stressed out over the little things in life that dont really matter??"
"a\person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i \know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are \myfriends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your \freedom,please post"
"100 days and one more month till he leaves for home, getting excited!!!"
missing him so much right now
so bored  uhg!!
"28 days till he leaves and about 36 days till i can touch, smell and taste him again, getting super anxious"
missing him really bad right now  i jus wish he were home
sad and lonely      
got a new phone!!!
"oh lord,jus got a call from my dad!!!! now its offical"
"omg, work is so boring today"
super happy!! can't stop looking at my ring smile 
"cant sleep, got this country boy running through my mind"
i need to stop eating out and get back on my diet
"lunch is so boring now without ritchie to talk to, and i forgot my lunch sad "
baking creme de mint brownies with my bestie
"mm, my bed is so nice and cozy dont want to get out of it"
"can't wait for lunch, all kinds of good food"
3 more weeks till my baby starts his journey back to me!!!!!!!!!
"boring day at work, duh no one wants to come to the hospital on christmas!!!p one more hour at least"
bored missing my babies
<propfemale> tired but cant go to sleep kiss (
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning     got to go to bed now, ritchie i love you more than any man i ever loved"
seriously??? we got to go to work to pick up our checks today?? what happenedd to direct deposit??
misses my fiance sad 
"ughh, i really wish my baby was here to take care of me       not feeling goood at all"
a nice nap and a hearty warm meal really goes along way       starting to feel alot better
"waiting for my phone call, guess it's not happening tonight"
need to go bed so tomorrow will hrry up and get  here!!!
my baby should be leaving in about an hour!!! please everyone pray that he stays safe until he lands back home love 
omg!! still havent finished cleaning what am i ever going to do???
"in the er all by myself today, thinking of ritchie praying he's flight goes well,i love u baby stay safe"
oh thank you lord for bring us 2morrow!!!!
nothing is better than waking up to the ones u love
"cinnamon french toast, eggs, sausage, and oj!!!!!! hit the spot jus right"
having a good time with my hubby and our bestest friends
"at home cuddled up next to my love, had a great day, going to the super bowl baby!!!!!"
"yay!!! jus ordered ritchies rings and got our marriage license today, now jus waiting on the rings to come in before we hitched!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love  love  love  love "
work is busy
ugh!!! i hate work sumtimes
itting at home tryin to get man to caught up    lol     hes a lite wiegt now
"wow, girls can be so f*#ing stupid and petty over the smallest shit"
"ugh runny nose run away, please!!!!!!!!!!"
man nite quil works wonders
do not take yogurt from strangers!!!!!
excited for tomorrow!!!!!!
waiting for the big game!!!!!!!
come on 4 o'clock!!
"ugh, wish work would get better already this staff shortage really blows     "
"my daughter s daddy is gone, don't know how to tell her, i know everything happens for a reason but why this, don't believe the news they have it all wrong, the medical examiner s story is different from what they are reporting, please everyone pray for <propfemale> and the mitschelen family"
cant sleep got too much on my mind              
"update! yes,i am still drunk, going to drink every piece of liquor in this house"
this weekend is going to suck
feeling a lot better now that i got some sleep
"mentally drained, and doesn't want to work tomorrow"
"so much has happened this last few weeks, jus craziness"
"jacobs funeral is at frenchs on university at 1pm, for anyone who may still not know"
"stilll cant believe this happened, im <propfemale> not ready to go back to work"
"still feels drained, can't get out of bed"
omg i ate <propfemale> much
"ate way too much for dinner, at least there were no bugs in my food sorry <propfemale>, u guys should have came over to my house for dinner surprise   ****hugs**** so sorry gurly"
blah   
hungry and does not want to clean
"redoing my taxes, cuz somebody already claimed <propfemale>"
so hungry
my hump day surprise )
yay my friday!!!!!
"feels extremely bloated today, i think i am more than 4weeks"
wow!!! some people truely have no lives and must prey into others jus to feel validated!! pathetic
lesson: dont put your 2 cents in unless you have 2 cents to put in
"ugh, a monday for my tuesday, what a drag"
"tired of being in this room, hope my baby gets better soon"
ahh yes finally home
moved into the new house 2 weeks shop and still not unpacked
this better be the last week of me working 6 day weeks i am freaking exhausted!!!!
yes!!! my only day off this week hope the day goes by super slow
ready to go home
so happy!! my hubby bought me $300 worth of new clothes cuz im already starting to get a baby bump!!!!!
at home trying to sleep
"going to wear my first pair of maturnity pants to work today, still a lil big but they are comfy"
"omg, unpacked the kitchen, cleaned it, did a load of laundry, cooked breakfast, got <propfemale> and myself ready            wow i can be pretty productive when im not exhausted  smile  now i need to bugg ritchied before i leave"
has a horrible toothache
may be getting a tooth pulled today sad  no pains meds for me cuz i'm prego this is going to hurt so freaking bad
muffin hasnt left my side she knows i am in painmy sweet lil <propfemale>
these next three weeks are going to blow kiss (
it really sucks being pregnant and having your husband a state away
"salary of the us president   $400,000  salary of retired us presidents   $180,000  salary of house senate   $174,000  salary of speaker of house    $223,500     salary of majority minority leaders   $193,400          average us salary   $33,000 to $77,000  hello! i think we found where the cuts should be made! if you agree repost"
i hate the wind more than i hate the cold
"stil going to the easter egg hunt on singing arrow, internet is down jus have it on my phone"
needs and wants my baby ri come home
needs to go buy milk and eggs
what's on your mind?
really really wants my love back at home where he belongs
what's on your mind?
really really wants my love back at home where he belongs
