59108608f729e48ddf3dd80f001ca820
when will people realize that things are still funny even after years have past    to nikki   you're still a <propmale> lick
what the hell    i dont know where my convo's went   
miss madilynn is a gold fish for halloween!!!
bored   actually really fucking bored    being in the poconos sucks
been up since 4  thank you madilynn
home  pshhh
"home from the poconos, catching up on some on my shit   getting ready to go out with the girls tomorrow (much needed!!)"
"finally done with all my shit, getting ready to go out"
i'm bored can't you tell?!
my mom's getting married today!!! welcome to the family <propfirst>!!!
hanging at my moms for the holiday   madilynn's first christmas pics tomorrow!!!
madilynn's x-mas pics at 1   this should be fun cause she's such a grump today!!!
"pictures went well, she smiled everytime and then on the way home she was sooo tired that everytime i looked at her she cried    so i won the war but lost the battle"
it's miss madilynn's first thanksgiving!!! happy thanksgiving everyone!!
going back home today
spending the weekend with mom and pat  it's madilynn's first christmas!!!!
blah blah blah   i have no idea what i'm going to do today   nothing really to do  except taxes   i suppose i could do that today   kinda talking to myself outloud
seeing pictures of my beautiful jellybean always makes me smile!!
getting ready to watch the super bowl  the colts are going to win!!
boo the colts lost
dashboard confessional annoyed ove
happy valentines day    being sick is gay
"visiting my mama, then going home and crashing"
madi's at grandmas for the night   going out  finaly!!!!
"cleaning,showering then going to get madi"
"workin out, showering then taking miss madilynn to the doctors   she's sick  sad "
really sick and tired of people getting on my case for nothing  i seriously can't take much more of this  stupid fucking people   go fuck yourselves
my madilynn's 8 months old today!!! love you <propfemale>!!
"just hanging at home, taking a break"
ok so say you spend 95% of your day away from your daughter  would'nt you want to come home and spend time with her? well apparently not  go figure 
it's going to be 55 degrees out today! i'm taking my jellybean for a walk later!
life is knocking and i'm finally answering the door 
madi and i are visiting grams for easter
it's madilynn's first easter!!! happy easter everyone
tool academy is over    now what am i going to watch?!
after two months my computer's finally fixed!!!
grabbing a shower then taking madi to the boardwalk  what a beautiful day!!
rain all day   just staying in and playing with madilynn
80's today and 90's tomorrow  what a beautiful weekend!
taking madi to the beach today!
getting fucked over in zoo world   
going back to the boardwalk
"working out, getting ready, going to the doctors and then going to see if i can get my butt back into college"
yeah so i guess i'm having surgery
hanging out at home   so tired
not feeling so good today  just relaxing
i'm getting my surgery on june 18th   i wish i didn't have to wait so long
"going to my mama's tomorrow for the weekend,can't wait!!!"
feeling indifferent about things today   guess i'm over it
happy mothers day to me!!! happy mothers day to everyone else!!
when will people stop thinking i'm stupid and that i wont find out the bullshit they're pulling behind my back? c'mon people it's time to wise up 
"my beautiful and oh so smart daughter said \ma\"" for the first time today!!! i'm so happy and proud of her!!!"""
\i don't want to be alone\,59108608f729e4 laugh df3dd80f001ca820,we're about to get one hell of a storm!!!
getting ready then taking madilynn to her grandma's house for the night  then it's date night!!!
doing date night at home
"rain all day,just hanging inside with madilynn"
"madilynn is sick, but surprisingly she's in a good mood  she's got a fever of 103 sad "
84 degrees  anyone up for a day at the beach?
"it's a beautiful day, just spending it with the family!"
i'm losing my mother fucking mind   
ughhh and it starts already!!!    
"if i had a dollar for every brain you didn't have, i'd have one dollar!!!-gotta love what you can learn from watching spongebob with your daughter!!"
i guess the beautiful weather is taking a vaca this morning
sooo looking forward to going to my mama's tomorrow   desperately need it
what a nice day   going to try to put madilynn in the pool for the first time sometime this weekend
oh miss madilynn you make you laugh! who ever thought a baby would be afraid of the grass!!!
home from my mama's   got a busy day tomorrow   going to bed!
another brutally hot day   why can't it be 75 with a little breeze? now that's a perfect day!
"épuisé, <propfemale> demain d'espoir est mieux qu'aujourd'hui était"
it's such a beautiful day!
ugh i have no idea what i did during sleep but it feels like my legs were trampled by a stampede   sooo uncomfortable
waiting for <propmale> to get done working then hopefully going to the shore
"madilynn's b-day was yesturday, party today  getting ready!"
so i was checking my email and all the sudden i get this chat message from someone i don't know asking me what my stats were  all i could think about was when aol first came out and random people would ask you a s l   it's like get a life and stop being so creepy that was like 15 years ago!
can't i go to the shore one time this summer without seeing anyone from the jersey shore? well apparently not   stupid snooki and the infection   get lives and go home!!!
"the holiday weekend is upon us so remember ladies, just because you can wear something, doesn't mean you should!!!"
"madi's at grandmas for the night, getting ready to go to a cook out!"
the weather was beautiful today  simply perfect
"bills,bills,bills   all they make me want to do is rip my hair out  sad "
what a gorgeous day
we should all take a sec out of our selfish lives and remember those that lost their's in 9 11   always remember
"i watched the vma's last night and i just have to say that mtv sucks   the show was awful, the host was awful  mtv what happened to you?"
i am now a productive member of society
"go steelers, 2-0!!!!"
how can you have a bad day when it's so beautiful out?
i feel like crap and can't sleep  sad 
today is going to be fun   couldn't fall asleep until after 3 smile 0  sad 
mmmm tacos!! then bed   work at 3am
"a 13 year old boy in texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying and torment for being gay  <propmale> walsh, also 13, <propmale> himself from a backyard tree tyler clementi, 18 & a freshman at rutgers, jumped off the gw bridge - his roommate broadcasted video of <propfirst> with another guy today, i stand up to those bullies    in their honor   if you care to stand up with me, please post this as your status"
i cut myself pretty good at work this morning  had to go to the hospital and get 3 stitches  off for the next two days
worked 2am-8am  ready for my nap
sometimes love is overrated
i think it's time to change up my hair  i'm getting sick of it   anyone have any ideas?
i e playful erienced my first catty day at work   way to be adults everyone
running on 3 hours of sleep since 1am   sooo looking forward to bed
"only six pounds to go and i'll be back to my pre-pregnancy weight!!! i'm sooo excited, it took a while but it's almost here!!!"
go roethlessberger!!! steelers 4-1!!!
been up since 11 smile 0   exhausted isn't even the word
phoenix-my new obsession
after 12 days the stitches are out  looks kinda gross though
steelers are 5-1  can you say playoffs?!
"i'm getting sick of hearing about wanna be men being dead beat dads  somehow 40's are more important than diapers, toys more important that bills  why is it that the woman are always stuck with 90% of the responsibilty? no one is too good to change a diaper! wise up already!!\to the ladies: if he's not taking care of himself how do you honestly e playful ect him to care about taking care of his child? sounds mean, but true "
"i got two different style fleeces today, going to make madi her own blanket for christmas!!!"
happy halloween everyone!!
"bummed out   i got my test results back, surgery didn't go as planned  sad "
making chili for the first time  how hard can it be?!
"i don't understand people these days    whatever happened to if you have a problem with someone, be an adult and talk to that person, not everyone else  it's bad enough being in debt and having health problems, i had to get fired on top of it all    loving my life   fuck you "
does anyone know a website i can go to to watch tv episodes without downloading anything or having to sign up for any online offers?
"a veteran\is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable\to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, \their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in \this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a vetera   n or thankful for your <propfemale>n \veterans and people in service \see more"
"i'm very,very excited about thanksgiving!!"
girls night later!!! sooooo excited!!!
you can't have girls night without girls   plans fell through   very dissapointed  sad 
i'm so irritated   the new jersey court system really f****ed me over!!!
steelers won finally!!! 7-3!
"new york in two days with the family, so excited!!!"
who has a job interview tomorrow? i do!!!
"i looked at a mormon website today  i'm not putting it down, i just dont get it "
what another beautiful day to waste on the bullshit that is my life
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb til monday, december 6th  remember your childhood and join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
"so i just spent probably over an hour making madilynn's blanket, i got half way through and realized i had one side backwards  time to start all over again > sad "
taking madi to grandmas house for the day tomorrow!
"steelers are 10-3, we've definately got playoff status plus a good shot at the superbowl!!! so excited!!"
3 yrs old: \mommy," i love you\""\"59108608f729e4 laugh df3dd80f001ca820,ugh i'm getting sick  sad  this is all kens fault!
the christmas story is back!
"<propmale> and madi are sick  i'm trying to take care of them without getting sick  i've been running this house by myself for the last couple of days, all i'm waiting for is for <propfirst> to start throwing up! i don't think a little respect and appreciation are too much to ask for"
up at the butt crack of <propfemale> cause i'm sick  sad 
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays everyone!
i hate new jersey  you would think that they could handle two feet of snow  instead they plowed the middle of my street and made it a one way   getting in my driveway is going to be fun! soooo not looking forward to going home  sad  no one plows like ny 
let's go steelers!!!! whoop some greenbay ass!!!!
visiting the family
"visiting the family with <propmale>, madi and <propfirst>!!!"
wow just checked my myspace for the first time in months    it finally hit me how much it sucks!!! rip myspace!!
goodbye size 10's and hello size 8's    oh how i've missed you!!! i'm going to give myself a big <propfirst> on the back for this one!!!!
cleaning   need to find my motivation   
taking madi to the doctors today
looking forward to my friend date later!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
time to get my workout on!!!
"the truth is you could slit my throat \and with my one last gasping breath \i'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt-tbs"
