52b6291df2603a62216b5f68c3951b88
watching the time square ball drop  text me  smile 
wow cant believe im saying this but i wish i could go back to school???? miss all my buddies  smile 
just got back from ultimate frisbee
ummm just got back from volleyball practice and it was hot!!!!
about to go to church  smile  then heading off to north <propfemale>
"talking,texting,laughing  smile "
its way to early to be up but im to excited
just got back from the braves game and im in a bad mood  sad 
sooo tired but i have to go to volleyball tryouts again today
i made jv volleyball yeah!!!
hard practice today  sad  relay for life tomorrow  smile  vollyball tournament saturday  surprise  just keepng yall updated lol
dont want to go to school  sad  but i have to  smile 
its kelseys birthday and im going to school its going to be chantells birthday tomarrow  smile 
34-10 go dawgs sic em'
so tired too many things confusing just need a moment to think  sad  but i dont have one!!! sad 
don't cry because it's over  smile because it happened  dr  seuss
about to leave for a halloween party!!! boo!!!
i just got stung by a red wasp  sad 
if an alligator bites your arm just roll with it lol
just had a chorus concert and if i must say our 9th graders were amazing
well      colonels for christ was fun we helped give christmas to over 125 families and we got to go to taco <propfemale> and sing christmas songs all in one night amazing
cant wait to go to brooklyn's bday party
so ive moved into my new room and we've been so busy that i totally forgot that christmas was like in 2 days its crazy
just got back from church had fun but very sad there is no youth  sad 
"<propfirst>'s over!!!  smile  i breathe in, i breathe out   "
"with <propfirst>, having a blast!! love you <propfirst> your amazing    smile "
just got done making snow angels and drinking homemade hot chocolate but im still frezzing and very glad all county schools are closed tomorrow  smile 
smile    a frown might turn people away!!!!!!!! put a smile on your face!!!!!!!
with <propfemale> cronin and we are singing and having a blast!!! <propfemale> always has my back and when im feeling down she always brings me back up  smile 
ahhhhh <propfemale> is still over and we cant stop laughing we had energy drinks and its just now kicking in wow lol but still glad shes over  smile  going to church in the morning and then to youth after  smile 
me and <propfemale> are going to church tonight and im sooooo tired but dont worry we both just had an energy drink  playful 
haha soooooo     sick i have a sinus infection sitting at home i had to miss school today  sad  o well ill go to tommorow and ill be at church yea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so guess what everyone god is good all the time and all the time god is good llife is amazing we should be grateful for what we have and sometimes we need to slow down and think about that 
just got back from church and <propfemale> cronin came with me!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhh and we had fun lol singing fireflies on the way home   smile 
ok so i learned some new things today 1 that if somebody is being mean to you do what jesus would do and kill them with kindness 2  ok so  i need to get up at my alarm clock or my mom will wake me up 5 <propfemale>  before you walk out the door ugh lol and last but not least 3 nobody is perfect and dont ignore your faults  try to fix them and accept them   smile  had a wonderful day  smile 
sooooooo tired ahhhh still have to clean my room had a very very long day at drama but well worth it we got alot done!!!!! <propfemale> is coming over that is why im cleaning my room ((( there not at the courthouse)))
lets see its 2 smile 0 in the morning and me and <propfemale> just watched a hilarious movie (yo man that was dope) anyways im really tired going to church in the morning  smile 
am im in a wonderful mood nothing can beat it really dont want to go to school but you know i will  sooooo yea lol  smile 
so im in an ok mood but i have to go to drama hope its fun  smile  then i have no homework lol yeah but i have reasons to be sad  crying 
going to bed before i crash and i have a goverment and math test tommorow but i am still in a great mood lol  smile  cant wait for <propfirst>'s wrestling match tommorrow  smile  he better win
well soooooooooo glad its the weekend <propfemale> is over and im praying i get to get my ears peirced tomorrow  smile 
im in a pretty good mood we get to go help out with the little kids at church tonight yeah i love kids  back to school monday  smile  im pretty excited 
ahhhhh ughhhh lol  smile   sad 
im a great mood  smile  wow im in a great mood but im so bored  sad  ahh text me 
happy birthday mommy and <propfemale>  smile 
<propfemale> is over and we are getting ready for church it should be alot of fun  smile 
im soooo sick yuck i dont feel good   im waiting and im tired of waiting  so text me  smile     vanilla twilight  smile 
happy valentines day  smile  well for a few more minutes 
well had a pretty good day only bc its friday but i have to get up in the morning pretty early sooo we will see how that goes lol  wink 
wow im soooo tired ughh have so much studying to do before tays test lol i have church tomorrow im excited  smile 
we have the variety show tommorrow at chuirch and im excited bc i think it is going to go well  smile 
gosh so tired got back from drama and my dad and i just got done jamming out to 80's music and it was very fun!  surprise  im already done with tays homework  smile 
well i just got home from church i am preparing for another week of school and im sooo ready for my camping weekend with all my buddies and my best friend  smile 
wow im back from camp but i did not want to leave at all i didnt want to come back and go to school id rather be at my favorite place in the world 
wow i hope the rain and thunder means spring is on its way  i have drama at 4 so i dont get the whole day off 
wow lol soooo tired cant keep my eyes open just had a suuuppppper long  day ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
ok im going to the mall with my friends  and by the way for all of you that dont know it is the first day of spring  smile  and im soooooo glad 
"just had dinner with my amazing youth director <propfemale>, excited for church but my throat is very very sore idk why"
im soooooo sick i cant even get up to go to church ughhhh  sad 
still sick but i will be at school tomorrow my play is this weekend im super excited  playful 
im stilll waking up im about to clean my room then decide what hair style i should have tonight for my musical 
i cant wait for todays musical so i can see all my friends im so happy  smile 
i want to say thank you to my whole youth group for coming to my play it meant alot to me to have my closest friends there  smile 
i have to study for tays test i hope i do well  smile 
look at how big that dog is     that isnt a dog   yes it is    no its a goat?   yeah thats the conversation me and my family had in the car the other day 
well im all packed for panama cant wait to sleep in a tent all week wooo  smile   smile 
can't sleep  sad  ughhh
well we are leaving for panama city  smile 
well i started the day with a shower party with <propfirst> tate  then i went to the beach now i'm on the way to walmart  smile 
just ate zaxbys and now im watching television with my mother  smile 
blowing bubbles  smile 
eating lucky charms with <propfemale>  smile 
well lets look on the bright side tomorrow is friday!!! smile 
yeah about to go to school lol  smile 
haha the week is over  smile 
worst day ever and to add on to it ughhhhhhh im punished ughhhhh
i need to just say it why wont i ????
i'm only up when you're not down   don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground  it's like no matter what i do  well you drive me crazy half the time the other half im only tryin to let you know that what i feel is true and i'm only me when i'm with you  that was a <propfirst> swift song describing my life lol  smile 
sooooo      church is tomorrow and half the week is over  smile 
ughhhh school  sad 
wow you know i just wish it could be summer already  smile  i want my best friend back  smile 
im trying to e playful lain to my brother that just because on the milk it say sell by may 4th its still ok 1 day later lol     
why wont people just except themselves and make the best of things and relize they do have friends and people who care about them  smile 
eoct's are tomorrow im so nervous i cant wait until summer though  playful 
congrats mom it was mothers day yesterday and your gift is that you got a job at white elementary  smile  hope you liked it  smile 
about to go to church and kaytlyn is coming  smile 
when you need someone to text you they never do  and when you dont want them to text you they dont shup-up! lol
how come love in tennis is nothing? how come you drive on a park-way but park on a drive-way? how come you cook bacon but bake cookies?
about to to cit training  smile 
my mom's surgery was successful and hopefully she will be home tomorrow
dont you hate it when you cant sleep and your up watching spongebob  surprise  lol
"i got into the chamber of commerce leadership program today  i found out they sent it to the wrong address,and i got a phone call from them today   smile "
i hate it when you think your plan is full proof then something happens
"im really proud of my mom and not just because of what she has recently done, but because she is a wonderful mother to me and <propfirst>  i love her so much  im so grateful to have a mother that loves me sooo much  smile  i love you mommy and im proud to be your daughter "
vbs tomorrow morning very early lol  it should be fun  smile 
all ready for montreat!!!!!  smile 
im so excited for montreat  smile 
had funn in indiana  smile 
ughh school starts in one week  sad  but ive had an amazing summer  i was a cit at camp cherokee  smile  i went to montreat and triennium and did a bunch of other stuff cant wait till next summer  sad 
cant sleep text me  smile 
<propfemale> is here and we are sooooo excited we are going on a roadtrip!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhh  smile  think about it <propfemale> and me on a roadtrip  haha 
so im leaving for newyork tomorrow after school  smile 
"ive been soooo many places in the last two days ( white house, the capitol building , the <propmale> memorial, the <propmale> memorial, the washington monument, independence hall ( the signing of the declaration and the constitution ), the <propfemale> <propfemale> ) tomorrow we are going to gettysburg and then to newyork for the fair and my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
guess who get her learners today!!!!! yeah thats right me!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i feel sooo sick  sad 
has not had a very good day ive been sick and had to deal with certain people not going to name names 
birthday party today  smile 
had lots of fun today i got to practice my etiquette and learned how to do the fox trot with <propmale> today and had a lovely dinner at cici's with <propfemale> and <propmale> cant wait for health day with the homeless 
helping hands workday is canceled but we will have youth group 4 smile 0 to 6 smile 0 and bring money for brusters
it was a monday  sad  but i have a feeling it is going to get better!
im really excited for homecoming week next week  cass always makes it pretty interesting!!  smile 
wow tonight was very interesting!!!
i dont know who im going to homecoming with yet??
who knows what mr  fleck's homework was for friday???
i can only take this week one day at a time and pretend monday is really friday  smile 
had a great a time at church tonight    
i was soooo hyperrr at tennis today!!!  laugh 
computer apps today turned into a dentist office     smile 
this is my last match for usta  sad  i hope i do well today!
"where are you christmas why can't i find you why have you gone away where is the laughter you used to bring me why can't i hear music play my world is changing i'm rearranging does that mean christmas changes too       i feel you christmas i know i've found you you never fade away the joy of christmas stays here inside us\fills each and every heart with love    love   smile "
send me a number and ill say my favorite things about you!!  smile 
"#323- i miss <propfemale>ing out with you, your so funny  smile  we need to <propfemale> out sometime!!  smile "
#12- we have been through so much! your always there for me i love you!!  smile  
#346- your always so much fun to be around and your always happy    even though you do interupt me!! lol jk  smile 
"#1 5- i love you!! your so sweet and i feel that we have come so close in such a short time!! i love being around you, you always make me happy!!  smile "
#18- your such a good friend and your so talented!! dont forget that your loved by many people!! i love you!!  smile 
#25- well   where to start with this kid   jk i love this kid even though he makes fun of me  smile  lol jk  and hes really funny  smile 
#007- this girl is freaking amazing    and we need to <propfemale> out sometime!!  smile 
"#6234- now this girl me and her go wayy back   and i love her !! shes pretty tough, and shes beautiful at the same time!!  smile "
<propfemale> is over and we have had so much fun out in the snow!!! we built an 8ft tall snowman!!  smile 
so the longest word is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis    which beats supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious by 11 letters  smile 
it was a long hard day    just keep pushing    everything will be fine!!
spent half of today at scottish rite  !! yuck i hope i start feeling better fast!  smile 
"put this as your status and see what color people tell you \red: i love you\pink: you're cute\green: you're funny\white: i used to like you\   yellow: you're amazing\orange: i wanna go out with you\black: i miss you\blue: friends forever\purple: you're hot\brown: you're sweet\gold: you're in my family"
"the ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight \<propfirst> ashe"
tennis begins with love    and i love it!!  smile 
i won my match today 8-1  i absolutely hate it when people are mad at me      sad 
"but the struggles makes me stronger\and the changes make me wise\and happiness has its own way of takin' its sweet time  life ain't always beautiful but it's a beautiful ride  me and <propfemale> cline won our match 8-3!!!  smile "
game night tonight 4 smile 0 be at the church  smile  bring a game and a friend!!!
okay so whoever wants to do something this weekend should let me know!!!  smile 
i went to the zoo with my wonderful family today    and i was very disappointed to find out that atlanta zoo does not have peacocks  sad 
wow intresting morning!!!  smile 
well    i had a long week but today it paid off and i won my tennis match 6-0; 6-0
today was a good day!!!! i won my match 6-2 6-3  smile  smile  smile  smile !!!!
me and <propfemale> <propmale> are about to make brownies!!! panama city tomorrow!!!  smile 
