d329d05316f093a6941f873081382234
"hates packing, moving, and goodbyes "
is going to use her blowtorch to kill every last bug in her house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has recently found out there there are like twenty dive shops in phoenix 
has recently found out that there are like twenty dive shops in phoenix  amaaaaazing!
road trip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just had the best homemade pancakes in the world!!!
is a monk-ninja of the space-time continuum  fear my non-violent nature!!!!
"if i see another flower, i swear i might vomit non-stop "
"just found out that cruella devil has a twitter account  hehe, this could be fun "
"has just found out that her sister <propfemale>, who she thought loved her, has dropped her as a friend  this is after zac, the brother she thought loved her, dropped her as well  what could have possibly swayed them to stray from the path of all that is good? what path do they travel now where they would willingly choose to be without me? where are they? i don't know  are they dead? to me they are "
has to remember to log out from her facebook from now on 
says her flower painting is finito and man (add full body snap) it's dang good 
just realized i have seven paintings to do in eight weeks plus three collages to finish for her young woman in excellence  i'm going to have a rough two months 
and so the end begins 
"half a painting down, 5 5 to go "
loves her amazing brother <propmale> to death!!!!!
has got two homecoming dance tickets on sale for thirty dollars or free to the first person who asks me to the dance 
has got two red mountain homecoming tickets for sale for $30! that's right save $10!
"sorry guys, they've been sold "
i still don't feel like i'm eighteen 
wish she had a bedazzler 
loves her brother <propmale> to death!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"okay, so i just realized that i take a lot of photos of myself  i mean it's uncanny how narcisisstic i am  and yet i'm not completely ashamed of it either "
is uh stoked for tonights play  how 'bout you?
is perturbed with <propmale> who managed to eat seven of her brushes and a tube of paint 
is looking up the symbolism  of birds and loves loves loves kings of <propfirst>!
"screw the bird, how 'bout a nice tree?"
ugh    there's not enough time!
is heading out to paint 
my blood still runs blue and orange 
"showing my portfolio to some colleges, wish me luck!"
i love cheese! i love it soooooooo much!!!! hahahaha especially gouda cheese! i really need some cheese right now!!
loves her amazing little brother <propmale>!!!!!
one semester left and then i'm freeeeeeeeeeeee!
when i grow up i want to be just like miley <propmale>!!!!!
egyptian rat screw!! what's wrong with post mortem education?
"dry hands, plentiful papercuts, a throbbing headache, and a new urge to organize everything in sight  guess what my new job is "
is working on a super-duper-oober-don't-tell-your-mother secret project 
"okay i'm planning on going skydiving for graduation celebration, however i'm having trouble finding anybody willing to go skydiving and pay the 200 dollars for it  anyone out there willing to do both?"
"seriously, noone wants to go skydiving?"
ras to the <propfirst>  bbbbblllllllllllllllllllllllhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
 highschool escape artist  <propfirst> bond's secret weapon  mother of <propmale>  <propfemale> knight sound-alike  full-time chauffeur  westwood warrior 
just realized she ends up cooking whenever she has friends over 
should've graduated last year  should've graduated last year  should've graduated last year 
"sweating in her new harvard sweater from her beautiful, handsome, kind, generous older brother while she learns she was accepted to asu  irony much "
"you know, telling me to get off, somehow only makes me want to stay on longer "
"just finished practicing some green day songs on my ukulele, surprisingly it's sounding really good "
left her backpack at work  \\n
"yo, hit me up  http annoyed  formspring me roxannew22"
"23k teachers were given pink slips in ca and 17k in il  nj and fl are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers, with whom we entrust to help raise our kids, are not valued  in honor of all teachers, copy and paste this into your status"
apart of the nnn 
loves her little brother who is very sexy!!!!!!!!!
doesn't love her brother as much as her other status sounds 
's four year old cousin singing phantom of the opera songs at the top of her lungs in a very public park made her day 
so the us government decided to give me a nice graduation gift  the gift of jury duty 
age old question but still challenging to answer every time: chicken or beef?
can tell this is going to be a very very good day 
my dog's sick again  a little worried tonight 
toughest week of my life is over  i'm going to graduate! lol!
does a pretty good zz top impression 
and so it begins 
ah the conversations you overhear at the movie theatre 
anakin skywalker displays 6 out of 9 borderline personality criteria  so say psychiatrists 
got caught in a traffic jam on the 60 in a vehicle with no air conditioning  smart <propfemale>  real smart 
"everytime i watch the third episode of <propfemale> wars i always pray for annakin to choose the good side, and i always bawwwlll like a baby every time he doesn't "
ever been so tired you got a headache and then the headache was so bad you couldn't get to sleep?
ugh kill me now 
is in a movie theatre waiting to watch eclipse while listening to one of her favorite classical pieces 
r2-d2 is my co-pilot
is hanging out with her best friend ever! <propfirst> singer !!!
its raining! <propfemale> is so lucky!\\n
ah    <propfirst> beiber  nuff said 
"does anyone else think that their shoes limit their thinking process? i paint, play music (even at church), work (secretly), even drive with my shoes off "
nothing in life is to be feared  it is only to be understood  - <propfemale> curie
snowflake here we come!
mud-bogging!
i hate banks 
"got back from an amazing year at girl's camp only to find my sister packing some of my stuff out of my closet to help me \move out quicker\""  i think she's more excited for me to move out than i am """
just found out that my twenty-three year old brother has a <propfirst> bieber station on his pandora account   smile  i knew we were related  love you zac!
and so move-out week begins 
"i got a raise, donated blood, and got my hair done, by far one of my better days "
i hate goodbyes! i think i'm going to have a nice cry right now 
twice in one month    oy     and still going strong 
ten hours 
two hours!
all unpacked! i love my dorm!
first day of classes!
"look at your status  now back to mine  now back to yours  now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down  back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like! anything's possible when your status resembles old spice ads "
my room is slowly deteriorating 
organ lessons! yay!
misses someone like crazy!
"okay    so apparently after midnight none of the guys in my hall like to wear pants to the bathroom, and seeing as my dorm is right next to the guys bathroom i must say i get a pretty nice view  not that it's pretty or nice "
"just saw a man riding the horses of the spirit statue in front of the business college  i'm not one for \riding\"" public property but man    this man was inspiring """
saw a guy riding a bike and smoking a cigarette  i mean really? other than the obvious health hazards the poor guy could choke on the stupid thing 
killed all the men in my dream    again    i've uh    i've got some issues 
finished a 4 <propfemale> essay in under 18 hours! boo yah!
qk <- it's a ninja 
like my status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3 my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  asksomething i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing aboutyou  7  give you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to repost this  go!!!
had the best sleep of her life!
"well, that wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be "
needs a bat  these mosquitoes    
is it weird that the only thing that's been able to calm me down is watching old x-files reruns?
i have charcoal in my eyeball   sad 
deep breaths    hoooooo    heeeeee    hooooooo    heeeeee    hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo    heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   
i love the letter a 
needs her new phone!!! current phone is going <propfemale> on her 
