c5bb75d5ee4ab29eacb3987e718e6102
today was sooooo nice
is it ever going to warm up outside? isnt it almost spring?
"can't sleep, i'm going to be soooo tired at work!"
"wednesday night, the weekend is almost here!!"
happy thursday!!!
this day went fast! tomorrow can only be better!
"<propfirst>, it's nice to see you smile in those pics! you are a strong man!! thinking of you    \<propfemale>"
"jay,\by the way  your girls know my cousins  <propfemale> & <propfemale> trapp it's all about horses!small world!"
"<propfemale> <propfemale>, you go girl!!! burn! farms! burn!\<propfemale>"
today was much cooler! thank you! i'm so thankful for my air conditioning smile 
"i want to go to the beach too!i keep telling myself,i will go to the beach this summer! just waiting for the perfect day!"
"the last few days have been great!! my sister was here! but now she's gone sad  \the weather has been perfect!!"
im so glad it's cooled down!!!
"had a great weekend at the beach w my mom and gabe!! the weather was perfect! body surfing in ocean, bonfire on beach! sandcastles too!"
very funny!!!
mondays almost over yea!!!! he he and i dont even work in the summer!
"mmmm     let me know how t-mobiles does for u  i have clear at home and clear mobiles  it's ok but i'm paying for two services!! like, 50bucks for both!!!"
"<propfemale> ann,\you can block farmvillie  i would'nt want to be those animals!!!"
only god!!!!
looking forward to the service this weekend!!!
"i always try to think of the positive things in life \there's nothing positive about mondays!!"
"care, im so happy for you and <propfirst>!! you deserve this!!!let me know when u find out if it's a boy or girl!!but your instinct is prob  right! so im hoping for a girl for yiu!"
<propfemale> did you get a hottub from marry?
"today feels like monday,but im glad im home from work!"
monday down! 4 more to go!
friday is a fantastic day!! saturday is even better!
the beach sounds like fun!!! it might even be <propfemale> there tomorrow smile  have fun <propmale> 
today is going good! mad i love saturdays!!
"monday is not my favorite day of the week!  smile  i would be up to, saturday and sunday, being  the only two days of the week  smile !!!"
"make tomorrow a great \wednesday\""!! (even though it's not friday) working on positive thoughts!  smile """
it's friday!!!!! yea!!!!
it's saturday!! dang the week went slow!
it's saturday yes!!!!!!!
monday   sad 
almost wednesday!!! almost half way there!
"friday is almost here! things are <propfemale> sweet, when they include fridays!"
it's almost friday!!!!!! i'm so ready       had a terrible  headache this morning sad  still have a slight headache  sad  man i hate when this happens 
mondays     sad   wake me up when it's friday smile !!
friday!!!!!!! even better after work is over!!
saturday is a good day!!!
things are a little better in my crazy world!!
i want the sun to come back and stay!
wednesday    it's getting closer to friday!
i love that it's friday!!!!!!!! why cant friday come more often? lol
"tomorrow, lets all pray that school is canceled!! i work for the school distric, that means, no school,no work!!"
"saturday, saturday, saturday is one of my fave days!!!!"
"we all need to treat our family and friends with respect \remember the old saying \\treat people the way you want to be treated\"""""
"it's almost monday           \well i guess it's not so bad since we had a long weekend "
man!!! sucks that it's almost monday!
having trouble getting into the christmas spirit 
"tuesday down,can we make friday come any faster!!"
schools out for me! that means work is out too until <propfirst> 3rd!! i'm so content 
sunday is a good day!! no work for me till the 3rd of next year!
"friday, friday, friday is a good good day!!!!"
tuesday nite  it's better then monday!
i'm so glad it's friday! i wish this could be another 3 day weekend!
"i can't beleave it's sunday already! \ sad "
almost thursday!!! i like the sound of that!!! everyone have a great thursday!! smile 
the weekend is here! life is good!
when do girl scout cookies go on sale?? i want some tag-a-longs right now !!!!
why can't we have two saturday a week?? i love the weekend!
happy tuesday to you all! bring on friday already!
wow my 4 day weekend is going fast!!
man! i gotta go back to ork tomorrow! the 4 day weekend went way to fast 
saturday! i love the weekend!
monday tomorrow sad 
monday night thank goodness!! now we gotta just get through the next 4 days!
sunday already?? man the weekend fly by!
friday is here!! sucks though cuz im sick!
monday is coming to a close    bring on friday!
sunday already??
ok so i'm waiting for the doctor for over an hour!! i was able to overide there computer and get in my facebook!
