52963f8c115e0862757326c77b384275
"i am so confused right now, but i'll live   i just need to talk some things out with some people   i think i will survive some tough decisions that i make   if i don't then you can all stake a claim on my stuff   "
there is nothing to do   i'm at my auntie's house   about to go to vbs   i gotta teach the little kiddies bout god     smile 
listening to family force 5!!! whoo-hoo!!!!!!!!
"listening to system of a down, \aerials\"" """
"i just made my hair into a mowhock i thought it would look awesome, and weird  it does "
heyy! i'm hanging with my cali cousins! i am still in florida thoiugh  just so ya know 
"i finished my fourth chapter in my book  i feel very accomplished! oh, and i get to see a lot of my family tonight at my g-ma's for christmas!!!!"
"bored out of my mind!!!!! but got to go to whataburger, which is great  now i'm gonna go to find <propfirst> on facebook because i need to message him about some things     "
there are lots of things going on right now    pray for me please?
okay  this is not even cool  someone in my life can't make up her mind and then i snap at my friends for no good reason  i amjust having a bad day  dang 
"i feel like poo  being sick is not fun and my facebook alert thingy didn't tell me i had a message but i do!!!!! after i check my message i am going to create a twitter, cuz i have been meaning to do that  bleh  don't catch the sickness!!!!!!!!!"
if anyone has a twitter you should find me and add me please 
"i am so excited about pace band & rookie camp next week!!! i'm staying at pace, not going to tate!!! i am so excited!!! but i have a <propmale> headache & the tylenol & swim ear is just now kicking in  still hurts though      =["
having an amazing time at my wiffeeeyyy[ash]'s house!!!!! <propfemale> has amazing sex hair in the mornings   maybe she should think about not rolling around so much in her sleep 
"won't be on facebook or any other internet places till next friday when i get back from <propmale>, so text me people!!!! ily everyone, especially my new pace band friends!!!"
not feeling too great  gotta clean house tomorrow and stuff     i want to get me some starbucks     yum 
"life is slightly less crappy now than it was last night  hmmm    i just forgot my myspace password, so i created a new myspace  everyone needs to add my new myspace!!!!!"
band camp day 2: i am gonna die!!!! it better not be as bad today as it was yesterday! i didn't properly hydrate and had a small breakfast and so i almost passed out! but today i had a good breakfast and have been drinking tons of water!!! i'm on my way!!!!
omg!!!! i just heard imogen heap and it is the best band ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i looovveee it!
band today was great! we marched the first three sets with markers for where we go but i have it memorized already  cuz we did it so many times! my bass is getting back from the shop tomorrow so i can finally march with it again!!! yay! it just got taken yesterday! bleh! i missed it!  smile 
"ello, mommy (; its me, ya long lostt daughter  lost being the key word (; lovee yaa  -alyxackley "
hmmm      doesn't it suck when you like someone and they told you that they like you back but you two don't act on it? worst place to be in right beside being surrounded by maneating sharks that are only seperated from you by a thin sheet of glass
"listening to <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!! \the con\"" is great  you should listen to it!!!! i need to see them and paramore on tour!!! but of course i can't get tickets and can't drive  >=["""
come to oops!!!! i am going cuz my rentals are meeting up with some buddies <propfemale> you should come and make me less bored out of my mind!!!!
got a new bf or at least i will when e officially asks me out on tuesday
"going to the movies on saturday, anybody wanna come?"
i have a squiddily-spooch!!!!!
"my fone died yesterday  and not the, oh go plug it in dying  it actually died  i took it to the verizon store and they cannot fix my poor beautimous cell fone  i will miss him  but, my mom is searching for a new fone for me today "
i need everyone's fone <propfirst> cuz all of my contacts were erased  so either message me or comment on this or post on my wall or something  kk?  smile 
"someone should pretty please tell me what book i should start studying in the bible\thanks?"
english 1 sux  we are doing shakespear and starting on <propmale> and <propfemale> and i have to memorize the prologue which is written in iambic pentameter! uggh! to help myself study i'm going to write it from memory  hope it doesn't bug anyone  if it bothers you then just ignore the post 
omg  just about had a heart attack trying to reattach this stupid keyboard  computers are sooo confusing sometimes!!!!
"would everyone be willing to pray for me? i'm at a rough spot in my walk with jesus and so i am not feeling real great recently  i would very much appreciate the prayers  and i am making a new prayer list, so anything you need me to pray about i will "
i am such a retard  i missed my bus  wow  definitely can't wait for that driver's license now  =[
"when our strength gave way to the weight of guilt, when we strained for every breath  only one could lift our shame and make us well!"
*wish he liked me as much as i like him!!!* -sigh-
"anyone ever had that feeling where your stomach drops out from inside you and you don't know where to turn or how to feel afterwards?\yeah, it sucks "
why does it have to be like this? first i have issues and now <propfirst> too? this sucks 
put song titles that describe our relationship here   smile 
"breakfast for dinner now!!!! > smile \muahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!!!"
"dude, band trip for district tomorrow and so i have basically no school tomorrow except for band and then i get dinner at the mall tomorrow night    hmm    great start to spring break! hehe  life is gewd!!!!"
sooooooooooooooooo hyper! setting up the pool for swimming and if we don't get it done in time then me&destiny&ash will prolly end up going to uwf to swim  ha! sooooo excited to finally see meh wifey for an extended period of time!!!
people get mad at me easily  =[
i am having a spazz attack  state is today and i am sssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo nervous! about to leave the house in like 2 minutes  and it takes like 3 hours to get to godby high school  omg  roadtrip!
i made a superior at state solo&ensemble!!!!! and the sad thing is      i think i'm the one that is most surprised  gosh 
"heyy, i wanna know annoyed how do you become a missionary or a student pastor or work for a church?\and how do u make money as one of those?\and i need someplace to start studying! help!"
"god is beyond description  he is so full of love, wonderful, no word or even thousands of words can describe him  i just want to cry and scream his <propfemale> and my unworthiness  i cannot believe that he would even consider loving someone like me! he is soooo magnificent!!"
i'm going to oops alley right now for anyone who wants to join me  will be there until 10 or 11  bye!!
at oops  met a cute guy  he's younger than me by about 1 and a half years though   
wish i knew if he likes meh  uggh   sad 
