25db32d0f2eb196fef425e67c141d317
is going to see to it that this day is good  smile   even after having wal-mart nightmares all night long      geesh
trying to decide what to get <propmale> for his birthday 
is waiting for the cake to cool off then on with the frosting!
had another guitar hero arse whoopin by the eldest child   why do i set myself up for these things?  next time i get to pick the competition and it's going to be a scrapbooking contest!!!!  hahaha!  take that!
is in love with sushi   sushi in my belly   mmmmmmm!
is enjoying a visit with the folks 
cant' decide how to spend this day 
"is looking forward to enjoying a delicious roast on this rainy, dreary day "
has a pookie lukie mini-man!
"is enjoying a nice cup of coffee and an apple fritter, after sleeping in     wayyyyy in!"
this will thicken the juices to make the sauce 
needs to find my motivation   anybody seen it?  it's probably stuck to the bottom of a shoe 
yay for hiawatha!  i met some very cool people this weekend at the hippie-fest   fun smile 
is pretty sure that dirty hiawatha stained feet don't ever actually become clean again   wait    i haven't tried boiling them or bleaching them yet!
thanks for all of the birthday wishes!  i feel so loved!
wishes my little vacation didn't have to come to an end!
needs to relax with some wine and laugh a little  wink 
fell in love with a <propfemale> today 
"i believe so and i'll be ready to kick some ass too!  actually we both know that's not true   i go for the social part and just end up talking and missing the questions anyway!  ha! but that still doesn't change the fact that i'll be there, unless i\m sno"""
"oops   yep, i had some wine   and it was good   yum   wine   oh     and <propfemale>, that last status was actually my reply to you   yum   wine   mmmmm     hehehe"
"enjoyed an evening with the folks   made indian curry food for dinner and it was delicious!  too bad i can't make naan to go with it   i've tried, and it wasn't pretty "
would rather do just about anything other than go grocery shopping!
is enjoying a lazy day 
is hoping that the kids sleep in!
it's time to get crackin'!
woke to the soothing sounds of a jackhammer this beautiful morn 
"wonders if a bloody <propfirst> counts as a meal, and if so, can a lemon drop be dessert?"
wants to crawl back in bed and just not do wednesday 
is looking forward to new e playful eriences  smile 
"drove a semi truck off a mountain <propmale> in my dream last night   very eerie, but don't get to excited because it was just a dream!"
is still marveling at all of the amazing e playful eriences from this weekend 
wishes that the cleaning fairies would drop by  wink 
"has all the time in the world to do housework today, but for some strange reason that's the last thing on my mind!!"
"<propfemale> has been asking how babies are made lately, and since i've been avoiding the subject she found a new way to ask    \what are babies made out of?\""    aaaaahhh!!!"""
added a furry little beast to the family today  smile 
wishes all of the first day of school goers a great start to a new school year!
can't believe how much paperwork the kids bring home from school!
my baby is 7 years old today!!  i can't believe it   if i could just pause time for awhile      and then maybe fast forward thru the teenage years  wink 
is bored and lonely with the kids gone to their dad's    sad 
"ready       set       motivate!! darn, it didn't work "
"turning negative into positive isn't always easy, but is definitely always worth trying "
needs tried and true tips for house training a puppy  please!  help me!
"is so proud of <propmale> for scoring his first goal in a soccer tournament!!  and he turns 12 tomorrow, holy cow "
believes in leprechauns   there is no other e playful lanation for the various little items that have been disappearing around here!
does not think it's fair to be getting zits at age 31!!  puberty was bad enough 
is not a fan of drastic weather changes   can't we have a gradual change of seasons??
"needs to be lifted up  not physically, duh!"
found out tonight that puppies like tootsie pops!
"is headed in to 45 degrees with rain, and a coughing boy who has two soccer games in this crappppp!"
"is gearing up for a long drive, and a very educational weekend in bay city "
anybody know any awesome tricks that will get rid of woodpeckers??
is a stupid head 
can't believe it's december already!  man time flies when you get old  smile 
all i want for christmas is gold front teeth  smile 
is enjoying the wii fit   it's fun!  i wonder if there is a wii kung fu?
"just realized i've been hibernating and missing out on all kinds of interesting developments with friends, and such "
is putting on my rubber gloves      to go return bottles!  gross 
please don't open any links from me sent as a message!!  several people have brought it to my attention   i did not send this message and it contains a virus!  please don't open it!!!!  how can this happen?  and what do i do about it??  help!!?
"    think i've done everything i can to stop this dang phishing or hacking bull pucky!!!  how annoying, and i feel so bad that some jerk used my account to send viruses to my friends   i am so sorry to anyone who may have opened this link and e playful reienced problems  sad "
"this is such a bunch of crap!!!  i'm deleting my account, because after changing my password and doing everything facebook says i need to do      messages are still being sent from my account but not by me   so, that's that   i'm out  i\m pissed   grrrrrrr  sad   pick on someone else!!!!!"""
wish i could justify not doing all of this housework so that i could play outside in the sun   stuff just has to get done 
everyone has pooped in a bucket at least once 
is just plain overwhelmed by it all 
      let the packing begin 
hath returned 
"is chillin' with some rice paddy, and i realize that posting this is likely to cause much jealousy, but i don't care because i'm eating rice paddy!!!!  hehe  love you all  smile "
"should probably go to bed sometime, eh?"
"is exhausted, frustrated, achy, and maybe a little pinch of resentful "
happy sunday everyone!
"had to copy and paste this one ! so lemme get this straight, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really??    feel free to copy and paste if you agree!"
hangin' out with pookie  smile 
is not very good at supressing frustration   somethings about to hit the fan      
"jsut can't seem to get warm this evening   no fever, but chillllls        "
it's a beautiful day!  but very w  i  n  d  y     i could fly my dog like a <propfemale> in this wind!
it's a beautiful day!  but very w  i  n  d  y     i could fly my dog like a kite in this wind!
it's a beautiful day!  then why am i so dang grumpy??
worried about my nashville peeps      
is hoping for some sweet a$$ zombie dreams tonight!
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense responsibility & very little authority   you step into people's lives & make a difference   some bless you, others curse you   you see people at their worst & best   you see life begin & end   you see people's capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it's nurses appreciation week ? repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or appreciate a nurse"
does it mean i'm getting old if i get excited about buying new kitchen towels and a new tea kettle??
enjoyed the sunshine and warmth today!  i know there's more where that came from  smile 
is hunting for the perfect outdoor swing for the deck  smile 
"is it really time to step back into the real world??  camping was fun, and all of the adventures that went with it!  now do we have to go back to school and work??  ugh!"
grrrrr      seriously??  i think i'll go punch myself in the face now 
"tgif!!!    oh crap    i'm on call this weekend   well, let's hope for quiet  smile "
girls only!  pr party at my house tonight   come on all you fabulous girls!  (did i mention there will be wine?)
loves that <propmale> has skills with the grill   and he grills for me!  yum!  thanks <propmale>  smile   i'll have steak tonight    hehe
"has some little people with no volume control!  holy cow, take it down a notch!  seriously "
"has to admit that exercise feels good   there i said it!  then again, eating a whole tub of <propmale> & <propfirst>'s feels good too      hmmmmm    smile "
thanks to the bowers' for hosting a super fun shin-diggiddy!
had a grand day of fun in the sun with <propmale> and the boys  smile   why do i always get sunburn on only half of my body?  gosh!
"wish i could go to hiawatha this year!  i'm super bummed, but alas, responsibility wins again   damn it "
sushi for dinner makes me happy  smile 
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  it's been a great bday weekend so far, and it's not quite over yet  smile "
got a super nifty set of pots and pans for cheap!  and they're yellow  smile 
i can actually swim in lake superior this year without getting frostbite!  it's pretty amazing  smile   thank you global warming!!  hahahaha
does not embrace the feeling of being chopped liver      in case you were wondering!
      one step forward      two steps back 
"back to school tomorrow!  i'm currently having a cocktail of different feelings about it  scared, excited, nervous, intimidated, confident      yeah  smile "
"does not know how to study!  i probably should have tried it before this point in my life, but here i am      32 and learning how to be a good student   please, give me advice if you have it!"
sending a reminder to all of my facebook friends   tonight is my purse party!  6 smile 0 at my house   i hope to see lots of  beautiful smiling faces   yay friday!
thank you to all of the lovely ladies who came to my party tonight!  i enjoyed myself and hope you all did too  smile   good night!
"'s mind is boggled   \\boggle: to start with fright or amazement : be overwhelmed <the mind boggles at the research needed> 2\: to hesitate because of doubt, fear, or scruples transitive verb1\: mishandle, bungle 2\: to overwhelm with wonder or bewilderment <boggle the mind"
poop on monday!  poop on it!
tgif folks!
   bored        
what to do?
is this a bad joke? or is it really monday already?
"worried about this test today        i have been studying and i still feel so unprepared!  oh, please let it be easy  smile "
"just picked up some hot 'n' sour soup from dr  aoy at the rice paddy clinic   how do you like me now, sinus congestion??   huh??"
is having a <propmale> chocolate attack!
is so excited about my evening plans!  it's going to be zombie-licious and i can't wait!!
hello day!  *stumbles towards coffee pot*
just doesn't get it sometimes 
isn't very good at this homework thing!
is amused by facebook 
needs some new and delicious recipes!
    what a crappy day of disappointment      
"dishes, laundry   then banana bread!"
good night y'all!  headed to bay city in the morn  smile 
    strange      
mmmmm    the sweet smell of fresh baked banana bread!
"is so tired     i am sleeping in tomorrow morning no matter what!!  kids, don't break a bone or anything because mommy will not get up   please?!"
is going to see cheap trick!
is not a fan of pettiness   especially first thing in the gd morning!!!!
new york deli rocked my world tonight!!!  oh - my - yum!!
helllllooooooo friday  wink 
loves cheese!
discouraged 
"monday, you are stupid "
enjoyed the show at <propmale> roberts theatre tonight   way to go guys!
excited to see the whole fam-damily!  not looking forward to the drive though   turkey traffic sucks!
"trying to get back  into the swing of things after a whirlwind trip of worry, tears, reminiscing, and heavy hearts   we laughed, we cried   rest in peace grandma o'connor "
"hoping to get some good news today!!!  i made an offer on an amazing house!!  just waiting to get a response now   oh, and i need to sell my house too     details details   "
wondering what new years resolutions people will be making this year    anyone wanna share?
get me out of this funk!!!
"today is a really big day!!  signing for my new house!!  just signing an acceptance, but it's still super exciting   anyone wanna buy my house now so i can make this happen quick??  come on!  you know you want it  wink "
i have 3 days to sell my house!  aaaaaaahhh!!!!
"says \miracles do happen\"""""
anyone know where i can get a good deal on a time machine?  i'd love to fast forward to the time where my stuff is already in the new house and unpacked!
