01395b2b6f42c6afe86f1dee9a0effec
is not getting his shakespeareienen meat poem done for choir camp 
why me!
do you have your free ticket for the concordia christmas concert? goto the box office in memorial auditorium and get your free ticket!
do you have your free ticket for the concordia christmas concert? go to the box office in memorial auditorium and get your free ticket! now!
450 cobbers singing and playing with an awesome set and lights  all  on concordia’s campus for 4 concerts  get your free ticket today! it's not that hard  stop by the ticket booth outside of memorial between 9 surprise 0-4 smile 0pm   join the tradition     
hates that his computer is a piece of crap!
"hates that his computer is a piece of crap  and \450 cobbers singing and playing with an awesome set and lights  all on concordia’s campus for 4 concerts  get your free ticket today! it's not that hard  stop by the ticket booth outside of memorial between 9 surprise 0-4 smile 0pm  join the tradition     \"""""
doesn't want to have a percussion performance test on thrusday friday this week  ah!
"and <propfirst> w  are in a epic struggle for the body of <propfirst> kemp, and the use of his hands and mouth to play the trombone!"
is wired for music jury and piano proficiency!
is glad his jury is over! vikings vikings!
tome! tome tome tome!  lets go out tomorrow   were both 21 and responsible   we should do something   i only got two classes these next two days!
feels like he is already on christmas break!
"is pissed of that sony com charged him for 2 laptops when he asked for one, and now his bank account is $-358 00 in the hole!!!!!!!!!!! and now his bank account is frozen!!!!!"
thinks <propmale> swift is one funny sob!
is very happy that his conducting piece is over!
"is tired and ready for a game of halo, then, sleep, then christmas concert   and then, if i'm still alive i will eat food!"
i think its time to do some christmas singing! ya!!
thinks someone should yell at the tpt camera crew 
is ready for the last concordia @ concordia christmas concerts
is not looking forward to finals      but am looking forward to the cities 
thinks that people from the choirs should go to chipotle in the cities after arriving at the cities for orchestra hall ccc   enough people at closing and free burritos!
loves the progression i iv v(minor) in any key!  though eb is good 
doesn't like finals
"feels like wasting some time and then rendering himself, one way or another, unconscious "
is going to jump into a snowbank the second his last final is over!
is ready for classicism to end in t minus 2 hours 12 minutes and 34 seconds!
went to the stillwater high school winter concert and thought it was really good! doc was a copy cat and the orchestras performance of the tchaikovsky's nutcraker suite was impressive! (except for the obe in teh nutcracker suite)
is and is not looking forward to going  back to concordia so soon 
happy new years everyone!
"no one watch fox right now!  <propfemale> <propfirst> is singing a pop version of old ansye, why us?"
"dear <propfirst> and xbox, \\i miss you dearly   you entertain me with your visual displays of light and color, \\and fill the empty void that is present in the media unit in our living room and the \\empty room directly east of me  please come back soon \\josh\\p s  i miss you more xbox "
is syked for the first week of second sem !
is abnormally productive today 
has 100 facebook friends 
apparently has an addiction to facebook acorrding to his roommate <propfirst> benidt 
is having a really easy week 
"is really frustrated with <propmale>  class clinicals and figureing out how in the freakin\ heck he is going to get where he needs to get!"""
"is watching the vikings play the saints in his dorm with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, nystrom, and <propfirst> w , mn-17 no-20   come on vikes!!!!!!!!!!"
says why why vikings why why <propfirst> favre!!!!!!  we better not lose this game!!!!
likes this weather!
thinks he needs to find a better profile pic 
thinks he found a better profile pic!
is tired 
"is glad he has a larger family now, more craziness at christmas ans thanksgiving!"
loves the amazing string work of the lead singer and guitarist of nickel creek!
is a chicken!
"is unhappy with tonights opera <propfemale> performance, eventhough it was not that bad "
"feels like he just got hit with a phonebook,      filled with class papers he has to do!"
"got a shock when he was called out on a facebook status update in choral conducting, it nice to know teachers check up on us  (hint hint)"
is ready for tour!
does not like having a soar throat and wants the weekend to stop being so lazy and get over here!
"loved 'thursday nights with <propfirst> and elyse-marie' hosted by <propfemale> fitzer tonight, mini-preview of concordia choir tour program (prayer of the children, shnitke      however it is spelled) "
thinks <propfirst> k  dressed as green man is amazing  and sad 
had a great time with friends at <propfemale>'s saturaday-night dining extravaganza!
"is enjoying a room to himself for a week, bring it on <propmale> signers sound engineer guy!"
"and god created precipitation and snow, and it was          awesome!"
"is releaved that he, <propfirst> n , <propfirst> b , and <propfirst> w  got a quad  in the townhouses!! ya!!"
is extatic about how well the concordia choir performed @ tonights concert with the <propmale> singer's!  it was incredible! great job choir!
"is not a sweish fish (not doppelganger), but do love to eat them!"
thinks he should have got a drivers license     like years ago!
hymns that are in minor sound better 
"is so glad he got this exausting 4 hour prasxis test finished, buti is pissed that it made him miss choir!"
is ready for his first plane ride this weekend!
is about to leave for the best spring break ever!
hmm        hot pocket!
is glad to be back home sleeping in his own bed!
"needs to figure out facebook groups better,        and get to class!"
is in quiet reflection on what a quiet guy he is 
is glad he doesn't have shit load of homework to do but is still longing for the weekend 
the south is the phanny pack of the unnited states 
is a french deadhole  thanks <propmale> 
"ready for a weekend, and ready to do some long awaited cookin'!"
"is ready for the weekend, but apparently not cooking "
has decided to grow a pair and try and be a little more communicable 
1can't get <propfirst> manloves piece out of his head and needs <propfemale>!!!!!
had a fun time at bw's for <propfirst> nystroms birhthday and watched batman in hi-def blu-ray   pretty good night after all 
"needs about another hour of \acceptance\"" to be complaetely satisfied """
"just enjoyed a great chapel choir concert   great job chapel choir, moo!!!!"
"\and what will be------will-----be-----be         be                             be\"""""
still wants to sing asthetics tomorrow!  am i alone?
is in sweet glorious pain from 7 hours of sandbagging!  x fingers they cancel class tomorrow           p s  go team evap 
is looking for entertainment 
"is going to take someones advice, soon     "
"is hangin' out in hvidsten for 4 hours keeping a watchful eye on the band people, getting paid for it too!"
is dead tired from         sitting and watching movies in the music building and getting paid for it?
is an idiot!  sad 
"had a great breakfast for diner, and watched a sturring movie  (\i will follow him!\"")"""
is dissapointed waking up at 8 then falling asleep and waking up at noon   sad 
"can't think of being alone for the rest of his life, solitude is good for a while but nothing beats a life long companion  and i'm not talking about a dog "
does not mean to act like a creeper but comes off that way when he ties doing something out of character     or talk 
thinks its weird when you get to the age that you worry about your own cusins as if they are your kids  ???
is tired 
"think that a movie called \the mission\"" would have <propmale> schwarzenegger """
"darth vader does a pretty good job for a burn victim, he's fairly functional "
"is going to go gambling with his roommate, school sponsered of course "
is making banana bread that has enough butter to taste really good 
why are breaks most inviting when they are days away and you have homework to do?
i surpprised to find out tonight that his childhood friend is married and a father 
likes helping people with finale   it makes me feel like a good person 
just finished a nice evening bike ride to the moorhead target 
"wants one more day with the dorm to himself and no class, oh well "
- fwauo is eleven feet tall  that's a lot of feet  come see fwauo at  10:15 pm in christiansen recital hall!
wishes he was more proactive with regard to long term assignments 
"is in the precipice worrying about summer jobs, summer school, fafsa,  organizing how to pay for next years choir trip, small recital, finals,  clinicals and many other things   need weekend!"
"want to frisbee, but is stuck doing homework, lucky freshmen "
"likes weather, not nothing, weather!  that means something besides a solid color backdrop with a piercing brilliant white bulb in the sky "
what dreams may come 
is day dreaming of thursday evening 
thought oratorio was ok 
needs a paper to be finished and his stupid sore throat to depart his body before 2nd round of recordings 
"had a ok voice jury, though it didn't help his voice was fried from a horrible sore throat beginning the week, then singing for recording session while woice was healing   the jury was more of a      text memorization test than a jury   thurday be over!"
"is enjoying freedom            and \drumline\"" """
can't wait to grill with the majority of his next year roommates tonight after singin at commencement!
is having a pretty good start to his summer break before summer classes 
says yay to summer school  yay 
"\i          am going to see iron man\"""""
is now playing: <propfemale> paulusma - she moves in secret ways http annoyed  tinyurl com 2wzer2h
is all alone eating and reading about music in west africa  thanks <propfirst>!
is missing his rommate 
is happy to be moved into his happy new townhome   it's freaking huge!!!!
"had a good night watching avatar in hd, having his summer roommates all here, and now is heading to sleep      or maybe waste some time listening to mpr "
"had a great night playing ultimate frisbee, it also made him realize he has a crappy cardiovascular system "
is now playing: the stillwater choir - ego sum tui plaga <propfemale> http annoyed  tinyurl com 27kcwvw
"is glad it is the weekend, long long bike ride time  smile  !!"
the lost season finale: 9 6 10   m a s h  finale: 9 8 10  still     wow!
"is going to a redhawks game, 10 years waiting!"
"great game tonight at newman stadium, too bad the redhawks lost in the 10th   sad "
is pulling a all-nighter to do the best he can on his last world musics test     meh
is tired and very very hungry   could eat the cobber mascot!
is ready for real summer!
"all of a sudden wants to buy a classic lp vinyl record player, too bad he don'ts got the money "
"hope dr \ jolicoeur is on the road to recovery and gets better soon  scary news!"
"it happened so fast and without warning, thoughts go out to president jolicoeur's family "
would like some help getting the creative juices flowing   i am planning the design of a few walking sticks and decorative wooden models figures   brain massage needed 
is gonna grow some herbs  (not a slang for drugs)
"road trip: pro(s): fun for seven hours, visiting\ st  croix state park, eating a wonderful whiskey steak at <propfemale>'s and\ spending the weekend with brother  con: 20 deer ticks clinging to your body at any\ given time and, after removal and getting back on the road, finding one\ dangaling above my head  also the ensuing paranoia!"
townhouse too himelf   smile 
is going to find something to do 
? ? = korea
"goodbye in korean is \??? ???\"" an nyeong hi gye seyo"""
its time to start the ultimate 8-10 hour grill out!  lets hope everything turns out ok 
"had an awesome weekend kayaking, sailing, boating, dodging lightning storms, and watching <propfemale> <propfemale>'s poirot on west battle lake "
"just finished making some sweet roasted garlic tomato corn salsa, thicker and little milder than e playful ected but still decent "
"rain rain, stay "
pretty sure there was a cloud to ground lightning strike within walking distance of concordia 
is gonna' start gettin' it done 
hungry 
doin' laundry 
"stupid sun goes down too quickly   i don't wanna' go biking now, the bugs are gonna' eat me alive!"
soon going for some dq!
kill me  the game diplomacy is worse than 4 hours of the game risk 
is happy  <propmale> <propfirst> is comin' back to cobberville! grill time 
i just got <propmale> rolled twice in 10 mins   is that even possible?
can legally drive by himself  tome         get d 
needs to find something creative or constructive to do 
"what is with concordia's wireless?  since like 2 days ago its been horribly slow, secure and normal   never thought needing to be wired would be so important   sad "
is having a nice night with one of his roomies watchin' juno on tv   7 days till the state fair
is wondering why north korea has a facebook <propfemale>??????
"teeth are sore, however are clean "
can't wait for a near half day at the minnesota state fair this friday!
watching the little league world series international championship
"needs to make a choice, biking in itaska with old friends or playing risk with   other old friends  dilemma  sad "
"17 mile bike ride, seeing the tallest white pine in mn and the former tallest red pine in mn, eating a zuper pizza at zorbaz and spending a good deal of time in a gas station bathroom for a good while   nuf said "
"just looked at some pictures of 2007 stillwater choir tour, i miss the old days"
"has had a terrific summers end   visiting battle and bad medicine lake, biking around itasca state park, and ultimate frisbee in the rain tonight   i'm ready for ya school!"
what is with google?  it doesn't like my cursor  sad 
"is so tired, but is still going to play some frisbee!"
just watched 1st episode of 3rd season of bbc <propmale>   looks good!
time to go eat some scrambled eggs and a toaster strudel
sociology reading or halo? or swedish fish?!  the answer is obvious         isn't it???
why does soc  feel like a review of 10th physics chem?
"just got through a very intense theology and sociology reading, and as a result will be taking a short midnight stroll around the townhouses and play a round of halo reach "
"should be doing some prep work for a very short in-class response paper tomorrow, but is too distracted with barbershop "
"it's 11:52pm and the internet speed is through the roof at the townhouses, download  a 200mb file in 2mins "
"needs to get up earlier, he knows he will feel better "
is going to have some stew tomorrow   but first it has to cook all night 
had a great time listening to post traumatic funk syndrome tonight at the aquarium in fargo
seems to have wasted like an hour writing a review on amazon about his new speakers   crap 
is not looking forward to the rest of the day after not being able to get to sleep last night 
wants to know wear the hell his white board is?!!!!
went to the rourke <propmale> museum on main ave  and met its creator <propfirst> o'rourke   great day!
"i want the weekend!  biking and watching my grandmothers, daughters, daughter play a soccer skirmish at the half time of a concordia woman's soccer game "
"is wrestles, it was so close   damn yankees!"
"would like too permanently borrow 2 slices of white bread\from someone! (not a joke )"
is ready for a fun week end with friends and huhot 
had the best birthday party of his college life!  thanks guys (and you know who you are!)
"wouldn't mind waking up at 4 smile 0am everyday, only if it were not followed by diarrhea and a slight bit of vomit   sad "
"wants                                 to carve a pumpkin, but                 has lost his train of thought "
"thinks his subconscious is betraying him, it already thinks he is on break "
thinks he spent way too much time trying to plan out his carved pumpkin design only to lose his creative mood   sad 
"listen to the st  olaf choir on mpr's a prarie home companion with garrison keillor right now, 91 1fm!"
"its snowing, not a lot, a little in moorhead, mn and we may have a blizzard warning tomorrow moving from west to east   hurray, let it snow!"
a boy and a girl on mpr right now!
"would say that he has sufficiently wasted this day, crap "
"was a door man and an errand boy this evening, it was rather interesting "
is having a hard time with himself and wouldn't mind living in the middle of nowhere for a little while 
i could see stay-at-home dad to be a career 
time to go get a hair cut before gordan moe captures our souls for choir history!! jk gordan 
"thinks he is going to be alright, thanks concordia!"
"registration, successful!"
"it's shouldn't be that hard to make a thanksgiving dinner, should it?  well, i'll find out soon "
"why is mankato getting all the snow, like +12 inch?  we're moohread the snow magnet of minnesota "
"will be back home in less than 15mins and will be going to <propmale> potter 6, he hopes "
snow! = god adding a little salt on creation to make it taste better 
"it's been a great early break so far   went on a mid-night stroll to sunmart to get juice, pop, bread, swedish fish, and white rice tuesday night, and wednesday cleaned the entire townhouse   really want a after-thanksgiving sandwich (everything from the dinner     in a sandwich!!!)"
"hates papers, but at least i have the source i need "
"you can't hate snow, snow is god's fun precipitation!"
"feel kind-of heartless not getting emotional at the end of moorhead ccc,  i broke down at my last high school performance   sad "
"i was completely useless today, finishing a theological analysis paper at 4am this morning turned me into a walking zombie   i wait for thee twin city!"
"why do you bring the cold and not the snow moorhead minnesota   take some advice from the clouds above stillwater, and precipitate!"
"new notifications are actually popping up on facebook again,      wait      maybe i should be more concerned with my finals "
"two words for you finals, \no!\"""""
"it's over!  now time to re-organizing my room, do laundry for the first time in like 2 months, and clean like a crazy person "
"its great being home!  that means i can have a 2 hour argument with my brother about the philosophical and religious implications of television on human interaction, that the visual culture we live in desensitizes our view of the world creating a skewed perspective of reality \\this conversation was more       mind enthralling then my entire semester of religion 300 and soc "
"lets get a hair cut, shop for planters, and go to ikea!"
"is ready for a christmas meal with his steadily maturing cousins, a couple of days alone in his quad townhouse and winter choir camp!"
"up until 3am wrapping gifts for the relatives, now        i fell like moss on a log "
"does anyone want to buy a like new 8gb ipod nano 4th gen!  works awesome, video capable unlike the newest model   looking for someone at concordia to buy  fb me if interested "
"american swedish institute, <propfirst> kong noodle near uofm, and half-price books, great last day at home in stillwater before returning to school "
has the entire townhouse to himself for 2 whole days  yes!
"i love snow        but when your skin is cracking, your hit by -27 chill wind gusts, and you fail at digging out two of your friends cars, snow starts to take on a negative connotation "
to do today: dig 2 cars out of the townhouse parking lot           done 
is having a tough week of keeping up 
"is looking to a productive weekend and the rest of the semester, then s  korea!"
"morning shouldn't be at 12:24pm in the afternoon, should it   sad "
does anyone have <propfemale> that i can use?!
had a fun night with old roommates and present ones too 
miss the good old days of <propmale> hovhaness and <propfirst> gretchaninoff 
i hope his fingers' still there!?
is pumped for his recital     in 3 months 
is a little to addicted to the show <propfemale> and <propmale> the new adventures 
"itunes is great, until you lose 3 4 of your music library to corrupt files "
is feeling the quick onset of loneliness 
does anyone else realize the irony of a organization called noaa predicting global weather activity?
need a weekend!!!!! now!!!!
"is very happy with his new ipod touch, it helped him get to a piano tuners house in east moorhead "
kto prach t'ot su-chas-t'em my tongue is twisted p'e     
is on a manhunt for schnittke!
"college is not suppose to be unhealthy, its suppose to be informative and character building "
need to pack!
"maybe it's better to be on the earlier flight to d c , we don't have a 3-ish hour layover in chicago!"
schnittke or annotated bib?  i want schnittke!
"hurray, i've been back one day from tour and am already procrastinating "
"sandbagging efforts in stillwater are going well   but if the wall does fail, main street will be open to the fishes "
thank           the big bang? god? i can sign up for my summer class and be able to graduate from concordia! yay!
"i just watched the movie \remember me\"" (2010)  great movie but a heartbreaking ending that i didn't see coming """
p s  snow    i love you 
i want to cut the head off my liszt paper and feed it to the fishes!
this was possible the most productive day i have had in like     a month   thank you recital for being over!
why does this crap always happen to me?
"dinosaur rhymes with fun! nope, but fwuao rhymes with fun!"
hopes his dog rests in peace after having a good long life   love you gabe 
where is my korea? ??!
can i just skip my orchestration project!!??!!
lets get this week over with!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am going to sleep on that plane!!!!
"!!!!! i'm looking for a ride to the fargo airport monday, may 2nd!  flight leaves at 8 surprise 0am and will need to be there by 6am   sad  help!"
lost $150 in korean atm which eventually was fixed by the airport information and bank which caused me to miss our 1 hour bus ride to our hotel in seoul causing me to take a taxi at 1am to the hotel     
