b5b826ef552ef31a6d514db45b6b4a33
half the semester down  then onto being a teacher!
likes to say thank you everyone for coming over last night it was a great time!
alright! now who ate my pet turkey?
where did all this homework come from?
can't wait till winter recess
head is leaking with leftover brain gunk
has finished the semester!
teaching and music: 2 activities that take lifetimes to learn
i'm gettin the <propfemale> of this teacher lifestyle!
whats better than doing homework? grading homework!
game on! writing music for the teams in champlains 48 hour game making challenge 
i can't complain
alright here we go!!!  my birthday is coming up on the 10th!  i want to do something new this time around   i want to hear the best party ideas that is actually realstic but doable right here  the best one or most popular will be what happens! anyone is invited!!! thanx
thank you to all who wished me a great brithday!
pajama party friday! get your popcorn and pillows ready  and dont forget to bring your toothbrush!
tag party! get your favorite color sharpy color ready!
tag party a blast!
apartments   butterflys   jobs   portfolio's     heck everything is a juggle now i am ready to move on and get life started
countdown till graduation! lets get this summer started!!!!
got the house got the degree got the ambition to move on
8 mile downhill on my long board this weekend
music studio is built!
watching interstellar 555! go daft punk! this kicks ass
is there a sickness for being obsessed with snow?
what is love? baby don't hurt me    the epic <propmale> and trev remix coming soon!
"ski'n the street of b-town\now thats a lot of snow"
its a party! come join my b-day celebration your invited
thank you to everyone for making my b-day one to remember!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh b-ccbmyf2c     vote for it! comment! like it! cause its awesome
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh b-ccbmyf2c     vote for it! comment! like it! cause its awesome
dam weather man pulling the lamest april fools choke to date  wheres the 1 ft of powder they forcasted?
