d9ab9fc75ee2044566caa0b5121d4de3
the <propfirst> has passed  the books have been closed 
"has an iphone, and poison <propfemale> "
40 hours awake and i didn't pass out before the most recent round of medication kicked in 
went to sleep after 44 hours up 
is god's gift to egotism
is it weird that i want to change my facebook user name to the fibbanaci sequence?
if i get to brooklyn can i go to sleep?
fml
"went to sleep at 2 smile 0am, his alarm went off at 1pm, seven hours later he stopped hitting snooze and got up "
no one wants to hear the truth  we just want people to respect us enough to never let us catch them in their lies 
hates moving with a passion 
tried to crop his own hair  when the trimmer died he ended up shaving his head 
leaving indiana for two weeks
is theoretically online but not finished making his room livable  yay for spelling errors 
is eager for classes to start so i can show people what a liberal arts education should look like  downside is i need to wait a week 
stupid east coast west coast time difference  i wanted to be up before noon 
stands a good <propmale> of being bored after work tomorrow and might not might a phone call 
going to take care of a dog  leave a message or contact via cell 
hates the meat department at giant eagle 
sunday is my day of dorkdom  boffer fighting in the oakgrove followed by table top rpg  now to sit back and watch my friend list dwindle 
first day of classes down 
needs to get a c clamp to make his laptop work right again  jury rigging it with his clamp light is not going to cut it 
wish me luck on my auditions for wiup tv tomorrow 
"the aclu reminds us of something we should have known all along: information you place on the internet is not actually private regardless of what your privacy settings are  if you wouldn't cop to it in a non-virtual public setting don't put it in your status, or on your wall, or for that matter upload a picture of it  good night and good luck "
is weary
issues a challenge: prove to my satisfaction that the outside world (in whole or in part) exists now or has existed in the past 
"sodium lights transforms isolated streches of streets to burnished brasses and bronzes; whispered sursurrations of tires, sliding sensuously over rain slicked asphalt; stark city skyline, studies of sepia, sigils sinuously sketched across <propfemale> spheres "
so has anyone else noticed you know longer see people's status in fb chat or did i do something stupid on my own?
"forecasted weather for tuesday: raining, high of 50, low of 48  wedesday: raining, high of 51, low of 42  indiana ends out september by reminding that nature hates us "
oops 
biblical hebrew makes me want to cry
if we don't have dreams they can't be shattered 
"june 4 1070 - roquefort cheese created in a cave near roquefort, <propfemale> that e playful lains so much "
gres in the morning 
740 verbal 500 quantitative
socraigh do phríomhtheanga agus brabhsáil facebook i do rogha teanga 
"\imposta la lingua principale in cui visualizzare facebook \"" ok here is how this game works  when some one correctly states the language contained in quotes at the beginning of my status or when a week goes by i will pick a new language and quote and the fun begins again """
"new round, new language, new saying  benutze den kontaktimporter um freunde zu finden, <propmale> denen du nicht wusstest, dass sie bei facebook sind"
"new round new saying new langauge,?? ??????????????? ????? ??????? ?? ?????? ???? ????? ????? ????????? ????"
why do i owe the university $87?
"45 minutes attempting to register for a class just for the computer system to tell me i have a scheduling conflict  i hate ursa, which is a really stupid name for the computer system since we got ride of the dumb bear  hawks are raptors not ursii "
"to all the people that got spammed when my account was hacked rest assured that i am slowly getting around to cleaning the filth it caused off of your wall  or you can do it yourself that may be faster  also i don't say \u\"" or \""ppl\"" and i tend not to use \""wow\"" in sentences """
"is going home for thanksgiving today, friday 20 nov "
"will be honest for the next 24 hours  you can ask me 1 question only, in my inbox  any question, no matter how crazy  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get  (you get until this time tomorrow )"
live proformance always makes me realize i could be better  that said i didn't do to badly tonight 
has a <propmale>  it is both the most wonderful and most infuriating thing 
has started to realize how much he has let slip away from himself 
headed south for the weekend 
"did you know: breastfeeding reduces a mother's chances of getting breast cancer; the longer she nurses, the lower her risk  it also helps her daughter reduce her risk of getting breast cancer  please help spread the news and save lives by posting this today instead of the color of your bra!"
has nothing pithy to say at quarter after two in the morning 
sleep then waking up to packing to head back to the i n d i a n a 
two years of my life is locked up in my non-responsive <propfemale>  further i can't put my new music on my iphone or i loose what little of the music i still have  f m l
first day of classes  class isn't until 2  it's almost a shame i said i would work before class 
why do young women keep wandering down church street with out a clue where they are? the most recent one was given direction due to my curiosity about the state of the snow storm  important life lesson when drinking know where the heck you are 
fimbulwinter!!!!
what do i do on <propfirst>'s day? order delivery from <propmale>'s pizza of course 
ummm sorry to anyone that gets caught in a deluge of news feeding about me joining a bunch of groups  i just had to do it  my only regret is i can only belong to 300 groups at a time 
4am wtf? i should really sleep before let's say 2 one of these nights 
i tried to go to sleep an hour ago  obviously it's not working 
rolled my ankle today so back to the cane for a couple of days i guess 
so apparently my ankle is broken not just sprained  i hate the crutches already
for those following the saga of my ankle i got another equipment upgrade today  it's a boot so i can actually walk sorta like a normal person rather then looking pimp on the crutches 
there are eight steps between the tacoma narrows bridge and wet t-shirt contests  i thank wikipedia and xkcd for the inclination to figure this out 
while i'm alone blue as can be     
has rediscovered his love of nouvelle vague  there is most certainly something to be said for a french chateuse singing blister in the sun 
"attention my performance interested friends  the pittsburgh renaissance festival’s 16th century casting call auditions for musicans, actors and actresses ! 2010 open auditions annoyed unday april 18, 2010: 9am – 5pmseton hill university performing arts center"
is the only one in the house that has internet  yay for voodoo it and it only costs me one black rooster a month 
ah random drunk girl screaming in the alley about some guy surely you are the image of your generation 
you ever have one of those days where you want to kick a puppy?
i really need to start eating dinner before midnight 
opening night of my one acts  i will punch anyone that tells me to break a leg 
12 hours of sleep how i've missed you  now to run errands and then get ready for cast call in three and a half hours 
both my first and last semesters have been blessed with a random frat guy with a machete 
what the?!?? why am i violently ill all of a sudden?
"\respect to each in their due measure \"""""
you try to be who they wanted you to be and in the end you question who you are 
the way pages are set up now make for some amusing reading  one friend likes not working another likes being naked 
last final time!
it's a real pain in the ass when you're not qualified for the jobs you are most qualified to do  perhaps i should accept it and go be a mechanic there's no shame in that job 
five hours 
and now to pack and get out of the i n d i a n a for the almost last time  i don't live here any more 
we teach mixed martial arts in the name of jesus 
ah how easily a night's sleep becomes a four hour nap 
"summeeeeeeeertime, time, time, time, child and your living is easy "
way to go ke for starting my walk back from my new place just before the down pour started 
in case you all have forgotten how badass i am i just got stuck in an elevator and managed to free myself using only the childsafety from a lighter 
wait for it     
"oh, so apparently i am not going to sleep today?"
yay naps! now since i've slept and my birthday is over thanks for all the well wishes yesterday 
"this is the way we wash the dishes, wash the dishes, wash the dishes, this is the way we wash the dishes, so we can eat of them "
i just realized i'm starting to go a little stir crazy in new place   anyone in the burgh want to anything next week?
i have pudding 
there needs to be a punctuation <propfirst> for finger quotes 
"\yay my sleep schedule is off again \"""""
things i did not e playful ect to see in the hallway outside my door at 1am: a tabby cat 
i have a friend that is interested in purchasing a spinning wheel  any one out there have any leads on tracking a working one down?
yay for bad timing! leaving the store in the middle of a down pour that started to let up two blocks from home     
"30 some hours awake, no real food in the past couple of days  turns out the reason i have no appetite is because the heat has made me sick, and now that i have eaten i'm miserable  miserable and exhausted "
bored     
"i have pickles and cans of tuna  i have mayo and onion and paprika  i have all the things i use to make tuna salad but one  \\i don't own a can opener "
nothing like a planned power outage to complicate my life 
odd how when you request $20 in quarters from the bank they know that it's laundry time 
"somewhere right now, a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds, holding their bladder because they have been so busy they can't get to the bathroom  right now, a nurse is being puked on, pooped on, bled on and is missing their family while taking care of yours  in the minute it took you to read this, nurses all over the world are saving lives  re-post if you are a nurse, love a nurse, or appreciate one "
just got back from a wedding soaked in sweat and with skinned knees 
i hurt in opposite corners of my body 
nothing spells fun like contagion!
woooooooooo more work starting tomorrow!
"picked up some, cleaned the shower and sink now to reward myself with a firefly marathon "
"three nights in a row i say to myself \i'm tired i'm going to go to sleep early tonight \"" three nights in a row i am still up at least an hour after i say that """
"best cubical mood music: great big sea, chemical worker "
f m l 
travel from 0710-2140  14 and a half hours on the move and now i'm finally home again 
no longer wants abstract sympathies  pretty words have yet to fix anything 
sleep or getting call of duty at midnight release?
yeah sleep is for the week give me two and a half hours in line for a video game who needs a social life on a tuesdaynight?
in the tradition of us both failing to see the need for surprise christmas gifts my mother has informed me that i will be graced with two tickets to see the pens play the caps on new year's day 
\in the spirit of giving this holiday season," please enjoy this complimentary screensaver so you may see scenes from iup every day  it will make your alma mater--and those college days--seem a little closer!\"" iup alumni email\"d9ab9fc75ee2044566caa0b5121d4de3,loosing my voice  when i cough i can taste the sickly sweet taste of infection 
"well i tried to make it sunday, but i got so damned depressed that i set my sights on monday and i got myself undressed  i ain't ready for the alter   "
"to those interested \i have decided to hold an essay contest to see who gets to go to the winter classic with me \points of judgement will include     \level of fandom, why you are the perfect companion for an outdoor sporting event, and why should i want to take you in particular"
how did it get to be christmas <propfemale>?
for those of you that have been anxiously awaiting the results of the essay contest i have decided on a winner  <propfirst> burns wrote the winning essay and fittingly also happens to be the who convinced me to move to pittsburgh in the first place 
i feel lik <propmale> in clerks 
you can pry my old style profile from hands as soon as you get those kids off my lawn facebook 
"i took the ad&d stats quiz and got these stats annoyed   str:9\  int:17\  wis:15\  dex:13\  con:8\  chr:8\take the quiz yourself at http annoyed  www kevinhaw com add_quiz php"
"copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then please still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ?     for crap's sake don't forget the hearts! ? ? thank you   "
i'm frustrated with people and life in general 
why won't my brain just shut up and go to sleep   
i feel bruised and battered 
who wants to guess how long it will be before i get my sleep schedule back to normal post-time change?
