058ce1756d9750ad76ba719c178f686a
"happy new year friends!!!!!!  i am so excited to see what the lord brings this year - including our new family member!  may god pour out over you revelation of him, blessings of his grace, and a hunger for his presence like never before "
is in love with god 
"is longing for the <propfemale> of the lord, cuz i know there's so much more!!"
just wants to see god 
is done with distractions 
"wait for the lord and keep his way    \ psalm 37 smile 4"""
's favorite sound in the world is her heavenly fathers voice   it's amazing!!  have you heard it?
this is the day that the lord has made!  let us rejoice and be glad in it!
is looking forward to discussing how people grow tonight
anyone know a good company to cut down and dispose of a big tree with dutch elm disease?  we've got two weeks   let me know!
is starting to see the world through god covered lenses   wow!
is finding the joy of the lord!
thinks that being without a computer is ok sometimes   one less distraction   
is happy to just be lovin on god 
is back online
thinks that god is amazing!
"while god sometimes uses us for our abilities, he often uses us in spite of them "
is feeling loved!
"is celebrating 26 years of life today       and       being 9 weeks pregnant!  yes, <propfirst> and <propfemale> are finally having a baby   smile  you can look for the cutie towards the end of march!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and baby congrats!!!  i love you all and am blessed to have so many great people in my life!!!  side note: if you're not doing anything today and to want to hear some great music come head out to rock the river today at <propfemale> island!  it's gonna be jamin    
"is blessed to have a family that loves me, a body of christ to grow with and encourage me, a husband who cares so deeply for me, a baby who was entrusted to me, and a god who gave everything to know me   i could lose all the things in the world and would still be wealthy beyond measure!"
is goin on a hot date with her hubby   mexican here we come!
will be landing in cali in 4 days and 22 hours   woohoo!!  just a little bit excited   
wants to start believing with more e playful ectancy!  god can do all things!!!!
loves the people in her life 
is back from cali and is thinking the lord is awesome!!!
is excited to see what this new movement of god is really going to look like!  watch out everyone!  it's on the horizon 
wants to know the shepherds voice 
i throw my life upon all that you are   cuz i know you gave it all for me   
likes praying for substance 
is a kingdom <propmale> 
is happy 
"\rejoice in the lord always  i will say it again: rejoice!\"" (<propmale> 4:4) woohoo!  i will rejoice because the lord is good!!  his mercies endure forever and his love swallows us up whole!"""
thinks mystery baby must be going through a growth spurt   all of a sudden i want seconds at every meal (not normal lately) and my pants are not quite as comfortable as they were   hmm    might be time to start checking out good deals on maternity clothes?
"praise the lord, oh my soul!  praise the lord!"
october showers bring november    ??  snow storms?
is in love with everyone 
is humbled and honored that the lord would choose me to dwell with him 
is excited to have a chill night at home with her hubby!
"and baby are 18 weeks along today   woohoo!!  5 5 inches, 7 oz   yeah baby!"
"loves being pregnant   especially when i get to hear that little baby heartbeat!!!  oh, and he she's quite the mover in there!  must still be jumping around from worship last night   "
has been without her phone since fri and it's been really nice!!  no texts   no knowing what time it is   very freeing   
deeply desires to become poorer in spirit and richer in his <propfemale>!!
"wants two things    to see jesus' face, and to see everything through his eyes "
lord you are good and your mercies endure forever!!!!!!!!!!!
"“do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal   but store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal   for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also \ - <propfirst> 6:19-21"""
"needs to give all of herself to jesus   not just what's comfortable or what makes sense   everything   all of what i have, all of my desires, thoughts and dreams, all of my worries, all of time, all of my relationships, everything i hold dear, and all of what i am   i don't want to hold onto anything   jesus take it all!  i want to be utterly dependant on you and you alone "
is gonna go for a walk and enjoy this weather!!
"i'm alive to bring you worship, god!!"
"wants to be so consumed by the fire of the lord that nothing of my flesh remains  \for our god is a consuming fire \"" (hebrews 12:29)"""
needs jesus 
wants to be a consumer only of the word and not of this world 
is so happy to have a clear sewer line again!  nothing makes you more thankful for showers and flushable toilets than not having them for a while!!!
this is the day that the lord has made   let us rejoice and be glad in it!!!  psalm 118:24
"the lord our god is a jealous god   he desires all our attention, affection, and devotion   he desires our all!"
"loves jesus to the fullest capacity!  but there's always room for more   so bring it on, lord!  let me be full of you and you alone "
"is thankful that: god is god, that he sent jesus to save me, that i can be deeply in love with the creator of the universe, that he has blessed me with amazing family and friends to live life and grow with, for the strong little man growing inside of me (23 weeks today!), and for an amazing husband who loves me unconditionally   god is so incredible!!  thank you, lord!!"
"is amazed that god - creator of the universe, majesty over all, lord of everything - is the one who patiently waits for us to spend time with him!  wow   wouldn't you think it should be the other way around??"
"\his divine power has given us everything we need for life and godliness through our knowledge of him who called us by his own <propfemale> and goodness \"" 2 <propfirst> 1 smile """
"i am not afraid of the lord, but i will fear him   and i do not have to live in fear of the enemy, because i fear the lord   how sweet it is to live under your wing, god!!"
is ready to be taken over by god again!!  let me step out of the way   
is making a shopping list for soup recipes and watching a weird '<propfemale> in wonderland' movie with <propfirst>   aww   saturdays    love it!
"just made (a huge batch of) roasted root vegetable soup   it's very    interesting!  includes a few things i've never actually cooked with before - rutabaga, leeks, parsnip - and it was quite the process to make   i wish there wasn't so much trail and error to cooking, but i guess practice makes perfect, right??  or maybe at least better   smile "
is loving the lord and his faithfulness!!!!!!!
"has a bazillion things i want to get done around the house today   in addition to spending time with brian   and figuring out remaining christmas presents   and in the midst of all this, it's so amazing to know that i can be still - because he is god   the only thing that matters for me to get 'done' is spending time with him and doing my best at the rest around that   wow!  life in the father is so good!!  smile "
is longing for the <propfemale> of the lord cause i know there's so much more!!!!!!!!!
is believing and agreeing with the lord for safety over all drivers over these next couple christmas days   wakey wakey angels!!
<propfemale> to god for he alone is worthy of all our praise!!!!!
is ready 
"really can't remember what it's like to walk outside in just a tee shirt and actually be warm   what is that like?  and why is it that once i'm in my car, as long as my gloves or mittens are still on, my fingers just keep getting colder?!  they don't even start to warm up until i take my hand wear off   weird "
"\acknowledge and take to heart this day that the lord is god in heaven above and on the earth below  there is no other \"" - deuteronomy 4 smile 9"""
"wow, lord, you are so amazing!!!  there's nothing i want more in life than you   that's it   take me deeper   "
serves a very very awesome god   he could be no better!  what a joy it is to give him everything and get to live in his perfect plans for my life!
"happy 7 year anniversary, <propfirst>!!!  i am so proud of you   god is doing such a great work in both of us - he is truly faithful!  i cannot wait to see where he is going to take us in this next year and can think of no one else i'd want to go there with   it is an honor to live this life out for the lord as your wife, helper, and friend   i love you, babe "
brokenness 
jesus blood never fails me 
"is leaving bright and early for a lloonngg drive to college station, <propfemale> with an overnight stop on goshen, in   whoop whoop!  the best part is that i get to spend all that time with my hubby   smile  what can i say   i just love the guy!"
is home!!!  thank you jesus for keeping me 
"so   what do you do when you've still got 6ish weeks left to go and all your nice \long\"" maternity shirts are getting too short?  i don't want to be showing any skin here!  they should come with velcro extenders or something   i dunno   """
"i'm in love with a <propmale>!  and no, not the burger <propmale> "
loves days like this when i can actually get stuff done!!  thank you presidents day!
"wow i love the sunshine!  it's amazing how much more awake i feel on days like this!!!  spring, you are welcome to come anytime "
man   it's so awesome to be able to put my hope and trust in the god who holds our whole world in his hands!!
"bless the lord, oh my soul!"
loves to love 
is gonna go soak up some of this hot   (ok warmish)    minnesota sun!  smile 
is seeking   finding   knowing   and loving 
is wondering when   
he's here!!!  <propfirst> <propfirst> dimitroff was born at 3 surprise 2 on saturday morning   he weighed 8lbs 7oz and was 22 inches long   welcome to the family <propfirst>!  we already love you so much!!  love 
is in love with the two men in her life 
finally put up baby pics!! i know    that took me way too long  what can i say - i'd rather sit around and stare at how cute he is than play on facebook   smile 
is about to go play in the sun!
"sleeping baby on chest   listening to the rain fall   drifting in and out of sleep   and i think to myself, what a beautiful world "
god is good 
is wondering what she's eating that's causing a <propfemale> upset tummy      sad 
loves sleep   mmmm   
"has had a very busy week  i lost my grandma last sat & little nephew <propmale> on thur, went to a funeral on friday, and got to stand in an amazing wedding yesterday   all while getting 1-3 hours of sleep at a time and taking care of a 3 week old  thank the lord he gives us everything we need!!!"
"\in your unfailing love you will lead the people you have redeemed  in your strength you will guide them to your holy dwelling \"" (exodus 15:13)"""
loved listening to the thunderstorm and rain last night!
dr  appt today: <propfirst> weighed in at 11lb 11oz (up over 3lbs since birth!)  must be all the good food i've been makin  smile  way to go champ!
dear soy and dairy: you offend my baby and therefore you offend me   i will be ignoring your tasty looking temptations for a while   let's see how you like that!
has a 1 month old today   wow!!  love you little <propmale>   smile 
can do all things through christ!
"the secret [of the sweet, satisfying companionship] of the lord have they who fear (revere and worship) him, and he will show them his covenant and reveal to them its [deep, inner] meaning  psalm 25:14 amp"
"awake, o zion, awake!  wake up church!!!!!!!!!!!"
"why would someone not choose life with god?? he made it as easy as possible to have eternal life with him, which is his greatest <propfemale>!! we are created to love god and be loved by god  he has given us unlimited d surprise vers since jesus has died for all past sins and all sins yet to be done  with god life is more amazing, fufulling, peaceful, joyful, secure, exciting, and full of love than our minds can even comprehend!!"
is becoming a home body   for now 
is entering into the cloth diaper world!
is mad that facebook just changed around all the stuff i had written in my likes and interests! grr 
god is good and he loves you ssssooooooooo much!!!!!!!!
has been having some seriously weird dreams
"7 weeks old   15 pounds, 2 ounces of happy smiley lovin!  smile "
"\the lord is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation   shouts of joy and victory resound in the tents of the righteous: \""the lord's right hand has done mighty things!\"" - psalm 118:14-15"""
loves jesus!
cannot love god enough   or be loved by god enough   or just get enough of god!!
has been struck with the revelation that everything good comes from god   everything!  not one good thing does not originate with him   aaaaaaahhhhhh   to be loved by the <propmale>!
"my 9 week old son weighs 17lbs 5 oz   did he miss the part where he's supposed to stay a <propfemale> baby for at least a bit longer??  that's alright   i love you to pieces, <propfirst>!  you're my perfect smiley little man and i wouldn't want you any other way "
has a wonderful husband!
is unbelievably thankful that god would choose me 
sin corrupts people into what they're not   god redeems people back to who they are   thank you lord!!!  he is so good 
is ready to be broken 
i love the holy spirit 
"\now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see \"" - hewbrews 11:1"""
"is very proud of her baby boy who just rolled over for the first time   good job, <propfirst>!"
"i just got done watching food inc   wow   i don't get into politics too much, but seriously! when did money start becoming more important than the well being of human life and morality?  yuck "
"finally added pics of j over the last two months! that's right   he really is not 2 months old anymore  as of this upcoming sunday he won't even be 4 months anymore  how did this happen??? i blink and i have a 5 month old? i knew it would happen, but goodness "
"happy birthday to my wonderful, loving, strong man of god, and amazing husband <propfirst> dimitroff!!!"
is in de-clutter mode 
"\he who dwells in the shelter of the most high will rest in the shadow of the almighty \"" psalm 91:1"""
"has a stuffed up, runny nosed, coughing, sad, very clingy little baby right now  i don't like it  cold cold go away!"
is sticking to healthy food again today 
for the first time in joshuas 5 month life he has not gained the 8-18 ounces this week like he has every other week of his life   not even close   because of being sick and not eating like his normal self he actually lost 7 ounces since last saturday   i miss my little hungry man!
jesus is my super hero 
"is getting ready to head out on a 12 hour drive to michigan for my dads wedding   i'm really excited to spend the next 4 days with my grandparents, dad & new wife, brother, sister, sisters boyfriend, niece, husband and son  woohoo!"
is making breakfast for my mama  whole wheat belgian waffles with cinnamon applesauce  mmm    
loves her baby boy 
where are you in relation to god?
god is not interested in prisoners   just willing participants in a love relationship 
cannot get enough to eat   what is going on??
is happy to be living in the kingdom of the most high!  god rocks my world 
"had two rockin days at two different zoos with my little man, bekah and <propfemale>   gotta soak up the sun while the gettin's good!"
played outside with the kids in the snow   <propfirst> just grunted at it   <propfemale> could stay outside all day   this is crazy!!
i already miss my sister bekah miller and <propfemale>   it's not going to be the same without them!
"a church building and the church body are two different things, and often do not exist together "
crawling last week   pulling himself up this week   i can't keep up with this kid!
"did not stand outside last night waiting in line and did not join the crazy crowds getting good deals today  i stayed home   warm and cozy, and enjoyed being with my family  and it felt good "
painting frenzy goin on at the dimitroff house!  cowboy boots brown in <propfirst>'s new bedroom and <propfemale> blue in the front porch   mmm i love fresh paint   
i am so excited to visit my sister next month!!  18 days   
i am not a fan of the new profile format   i will not conform!  haha      
tried jicama for the first time   survey says - it's delicious!
is preparing to take flight 
is currently 30 degrees warmer   it makes a difference!
is getting ready to head back from chs to msp 
<propfemale> airport is closed   extra free night in sc!  woohoo!
"happy anniversary to the love of my life <propfirst> dimitroff!!! 8 years and 1 baby later, it just keeps getting better   smile "
-13 degrees is just not ok with me 
i am not forgotten   never forsaken   
"god says, \you will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart \"" (<propmale> 29:13) i want to find so much more of god!"""
dear rotavirus: you suck   and devil: you are a liar!
you know you've been cooped up in the house too long when going to walmart is an occassion to get dressed up for 
i not only want to believe in the doctrine of god's kingdom but also in its power   and see it   and e playful erience it   and reveal it   and hear it   and taste it   come on!
does anyone have a chiropractor that they love?  i'm in search of one that actually helps my back feel better   
have you ever noticed the secret doors inside the hennepin ave  tunnel?  i really want to see what's inside   
"i just heated up some black beans in the microwave   4 seconds in there were sparks flying and it sounded like a fireworks show   i stopped it at 8 seconds   smoke was coming up from the beans, there were black burn marks, and they smelled like an ash tray   feed these to my baby? i don't think so "
