c1ec5dff42383a22f5b4ef242b60a581
ich muss zerstören 
liebe ist kerig 
"die liebe ist ein wildes tier\es atmet dich, sie sucht nach dir\er nistet auf gebrochenen herzen\und die jagd geht, wenn es küsse und kerzen\er saugt dicht auf den lippen\ love  amour-rammstein"
"yeah, i'm going to hell  who gives a shit?"
"for the last few years i have slowly fallin into a silent depression  waking up every day not knowing who i was or what the purpose to my life was  i think i have finally broken the chains that have locked me in that depression  i think i have finally found who i am  i am sick of putting myself down, sick of treating people who care about me like shit, and just sick of the insecure person i have become"
gonna take some new pics soon cuz i aint got that shitty hair anymore  playful 
hmm i think ima be myself this yr instead of what others want me to be
"i get paid to sit on their couch, play on my computer and do nothing even when the kid's parents are home!!! im so fuckin awesome lol"
"lmao ok so i go to open my monster nitrous can and it e playful lodes everywhere  all over me,the dog,the whole room, even the walls! and im in the middle of the floor!! lol    mmmmm i taste good now  playful "
"ok so theres this really fucked up book   its a porno version os sleeping beauty   im tempted to read it and see how rediculous it is  no im not into porn, this is just so stupid i have to read it"
ok 2 movies out that id like to see: vampires suck (cuz its a rip-off of twillight[whom of which i am sick of]) and pirahanas (cuz it looks so effin badass) anyone wanna see one with me some time?
"don't know what's going on,don't know what went wrong,feels like a hundred years,i still can't believe you're gone,so, i'll stay up all night,with these bloodshot eyes    i hope you're missing me,i hope i've made you see,that i'm gone forever    gone forever by three days grace    out of all the songs i know i think this is the one that i can always relate to no matter where i am in life or how shitty it gets    "
omg something impossible just happend    i think i found something im actually good at o o other than annoying people
my conscience told my that i was going to break something and i ignored it   from personal e playful eriance: always listen to your conscience     im in so much trouble x x
ugh ima go take a nap  this week cant get any worse  annoyed 
wt-fuck everyone is getting their schedules but me  annoyed  ugh this sucks  annoyed 
"ugh so bored, anyone wanna talk? feel free to i m me  annoyed  i need a life"
"if you were staring death in the face, a gun  pointed to your head, what would you do? beg and cry for mercy, or scream \just shoot me\""?"""
"so we say \im so hungry i could eat a cow\"" what do vegetarians say when their that hungry? \""im so hungry i could eat a whole salad bar\"" ????"""
"finally got my schedule:  english (o e),japanese (e),health pe (o), geomerty (e), earth sp (o), wld h (e), jrotc (o)"
"am i the only one who hasnt gotten he school supply list for td? idk why but this year seems just weird  no not cuz its high school   just school came up and bitchslapped me  normally im e playful ecting it but this was like \holy shit im gonna be n school in a week\"""""
this year is gonna suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck  annoyed 
i swear solitare (the game for the lonly) is fuckin jacked  look at my statistic: games played:46 games won:6  if you dont believe that ill frikken snip a pic of it for you  lol im a sad excuse for a human being  annoyed 
text me 3196720 please!!!!!!!! cuz im so bored!!!!!!!!!!!
another all nighter probably  ugh gettin my bottem braces tomorrow   as if just the top wasnt werent isnt (lol grammer trouble) bad enough  annoyed  it's alive-pieces ?
gonna go sleep until theres something worth waking up for   
"uggggggggggggggrh i cant do anything right! cant play guitar, cant poi, cant draw, nothing! ugh fml"
"if im a failure, your a tragedy  love "
playin pokemon  laugh  im such a geek
labor day weekend  the last weekend of freedom and i have nothing to do  everyone is out enjoying life and im stuck in the house balling out crying becuz of the boredum  yeah im lame i know  ugh fml!
"goin to the <propfirst> with <propfemale>, yay!!"
heres somethin really fucked up     besides getting up so early   i fuckin love high school!!!
click click boom - saliva  love 
he be smokin sum funkie leaves o o
smile empty soul  love 
sore throat and feelin like shit  annoyed  fuckin september is here (a k a the 2nd time of the year i normally lose my voice)
"fuuuuuuuuuck! im so tired but if i go to sleep now ill never wake up tomorrow  sore throat,losing voice, and feelin like shit   what could be worse?"
gasoline by burn halo   idk why but i got that song stuck in my head  playful 
"ugh so tired and weak   iv felt like shit from the start(of today) and then i had fuckin p e then i had rotc pt today   100 push ups, 60 sit ups, and ran a mile   im just like dead   not even the thought of hangin with <propfirst> tonight wakes me up  annoyed "
"for the first time   im actually excited about goin bowling  laugh  i still suck tho  annoyed  leavin in a half our    i swear to god if my parents fuck this up id make em wish they never made me   even tho i was one of those \omg   really? your pregnant? are you sure?? check again   \"" kids"""
best night iv had in a long time!!  laugh  ugh gadda go to bed cuz i gadda wake up around 7am and do road clean up for rotc    im never gonna catch a break  frowny 
crazy bitch by buckcherry  love 
wanna know somethin sad?   that girls younger than me have boyfriends and i dont   ugh i need a life  annoyed 
bad-effin-ass new haircut i fuckin love it!!! new pics of it either tonight or tomorrow  haha i never like my haircuts but i fuckin love this one!!
if u love me plzzzz comment my new pic i really wanna know what yall think!!!
still tired  annoyed  nothing to do today   
"love me, cut me, watch me bleed  hate me, save me, i cant breathe   lol i made that up in history class  laugh "
"love me, cut me, watch me bleed  hate me, save me, i cant breathe  lol i made that up in history class  laugh "
ok i am going to bed at 8 surprise 0 tonight! i did not wake up this morning and almost missed the bus soooo yeah ima kick it in reaaaaaal early tonight  annoyed 
if only everyday was as good as yesterday was     annoyed 
if only everyday was as good as yesterday      annoyed 
im puttin on a load of makeup    hes lying if he says he can see me blushing
today was amazing  love  i just hope i didnt get him into too much trouble   
"going to bed   just like dead right now   today was a-maz-ing!!!  love  message me if u want need me ill get it on my phone, anyways goodnight love yall  love   love   love "
is it sad to say i thought about him all day?
"gonna go get my smexxxy boxers and tshirt on, get a nice bloody gory movie on, cuddle up and probably go to sleep   im so tired  annoyed "
dono why   i just cant stop listening to never too late by three days grace
so tired not even a whole can of monster nirtous can keep me awake   i wish i had my big <propmale> bear wif me );
wicked game covered by <propfirst> gontier   
gonna go sit in the rain   bye
so tired im crying   
dont think  feel  dont hear  listen  fear not of death  just accept it  have no shape  just take waters' form  lose all connections with reality  and fade into the darkness          [[yeah just thought of that  whatchya think?]]
lol cant stop listening to my best theory by <propfirst> eats word    haha 20 bucks bets ill have the song stuck in my head all friiken day tomorrow
why is it that we cant remember good memories but the bad ones are just one word away from popping up?
i loved pt today    thats weird lol
"dont think  feel  dont hear  listen  fear not of death  just accept it  have no shape  just take waters' form  lose all connections with reality  and fade into the darkness          [[yeah thought of that the other day  whatchya think?, please tell me   i love u guys's opinions on stuff i make up  let me know what i should change n stuff pwetty pwease]]"
tired   sore   and sad for some reaon  annoyed 
so tired and cold    i need someone to cuddle wif  sad 
"no more, i cant take it, cant take it, no more, what do we stand for, when we all live in fear?   no more by three days grace   its my second fave, behind gone forever   iv known three days grace for about 5 year now   and none of the thousands apon thousands of songs iv heard in the last 5 years   none of them could match my life word for word like gone forever has   gone forever with forever be my true song   "
gonna curl up and maybe watch tv and probably pass out   if u need me just send me a messege on here cuz ill get it on my phone  smile  ok night night loves
"omfg stuck at walmart cuz my mom doesnt know what \just the necesities\"" means   fuuuck i hate her!"""
shit! i cant find my phone  and i just got home like 5 mins ago  wtf?? can someone call me please my gayass lil brother is hogging the house phone  annoyed 
i just burnt myself off of my lamp   wtfuck!?
having a freakout and a breakdown at the same time     shit what do i do!?!?
"someone do me a favor n smack punch the shit out of me tomorrow and yell \get your shit straight and crying is for the weak\""   just beat some sence into me   please im begging   """
going to bed   got a headache and nothing has agreed with my stomach all day  annoyed  love you guys
"cold, pissed off, and my room is spinning    ugh why is it that i get in trouble when <propfirst> does something wrong!?"
"bet nobody can answer all of these questions  \full name:________age:_____ birthday:__________ \nickname:_________favorite person to talk to:___________favorite \color:__________ favorite sport:_________favorite song:__________ \favorite number:__________post   this to your wall, and see who know's \   you best!"
do you know how much it hurts to love someone that you cant have?    
"<propfemale> hacked you (= i loverz yooh <propfemale>, all same classes again  laugh  haha this years gonna be fun torturing <propfirst> !!!"
<propfemale>'s a bitch and love sucks    end of story
pissed and sad   never was in a good mood anyway   im so lifeless even music meaning nothing to me right now   i just wish i could sleep until there was something worth waking up for   cuz im tired of living life as a game    just fuck it all
<propfemale>'s a bitch and love sucks    end of story
hotel califonia by the eagles    the one solo i am determand to learn on guitar    and its an awesome song to relax to  smile 
fucking coat hanger gave me a heart attack   
"in a real soft, cuddley, <propfemale> mood    this is weird but i am very proud of my self for what i went through did today  thats like very rare of me to be proud of myself     someone come cuddle me   pwetty pwease?"
at the yardsale  text me or come see me!!!!! 8043196720!!!!!!
going back to bed and sleep the rest of the weekend   not like i have anything else to do  real fuckin pissed   bye
"fuck it i cant sleep    uggggggggggggh im pissed,tired, and sore  all i wanna do is sleep but i cant!!!! fml!"
eatting ramin atm  going to babysit in 15 mins  bored as fuck  might watch the nightmare on elm street when i get over there
im bored   anyone wanna call me? i feel like talking on the phone with someone lol
"so liffeless that not even papa roach,innerpartysystem, nor hadouken! gets me pumped     if you knew me youd say im depressed if they cant even get me pumped  annoyed "
looks like im going to go to bed in a bad mood  wake up happy as shit  then get crushed by something i really didnt want to happen and watch my day get worse n worse   then its gonna happen all over again!
"jeez my room is a wreak   looks like its \shifting\"" time  laugh  moms home  might see if a friend can come over when im done errr shifting my room  laugh """
nah nvm iiiiiiim just gonna be my usual lazyass n watch either anime or a movie idk
"whats worse  knowing exactly how my day would be the day before  or saying \no\"" to the guy who i was dying to go to homecoming with    ?"""
if it wernt for friends like anna-maria thomann i woulda given up on life a long time ago    
questioning the insanity makes it easier to understand humanity 
not going to homecoming  sorry anna-maria thomann
i knows what i wants for xmas  laugh 
"worst day so far  crying  i planned my whole afternoon out: walk thru the trail to the park, <propfemale> out with <propfirst> or <propfemale>, go home an hr or 2 later and eat chili for dinner, then go to bed early; trying to make atleast a few hrs good in my day   but no  ugh fml!"
<propfemale> really fucking loves her mini pickles!!!!
stupid doc app  awaits   messege me on here[since i gots it on mob-i-le  laugh ] pwetty pwease   i hate sitting in a car with no one to talk to  sad 
ugh i fucking hate waking up and not being able to go back to sleep!!!!! fuuuuuuuck its too early to be active on a saterday   
playing bowling on wii with my nanny lol good times
1 to 1 its a tie   doing 3rd game to see whose the ultamate bowler
"almost at chesterfield town center, gonna <propfemale> with my minipicklelovin bestest <propmale> in the world,anna  gonna get our h c  dresses n goof off like idiots  smile  nothin new  haha  omg my pulse is about to e playful lode with the amount of adrinaline runnin thro my veins!!  (just made that up   badass start to the new song iv been workin on for like too long)  smile  bye loves!!"
ok so she gets pissed when im honest and say that id wear something just once for that one occasion  but then she gets pissed if i lie and say thatd id wear it more than once at school of w e but it ends up in my closet for 2 yrs and i never wore them  wtfuck!?
cant wait till homecoming!!!! im so excited   even tho i cant dance  laugh  ima bring goth back to homecoming  laugh  i love fucking badass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ever have that one thought pop up out of nowhere and all of a sudden your trying so hard to hold back tears     
cant wait till homecoming!!!! im so excited   even tho i cant dance  laugh  ima bring goth back to homecoming  laugh  ima look fucking badass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tiger army- forever fades away  love 
solitare was invented just to piss people off!
"kickin lil bros ass in boxin on the wii  he just cant seem to comprihend thatt im kicking his ass, hes gadda make excuses about me winning   wtf!?"
"goodnight, love you guys  smile  you made my day woth getting mah lazyass up for  sooooo excited about homecoming!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh only 20 more hrs to go  laugh "
having an epic race with <propfemale> to see who can upload all our homecoming pics first  laugh 
woke up depressed as fuck  annoyed  not even music makes me feel a slight bit better   ugh i hate this!
who knew just one hour of sleep could make you feel so good   
you are so beautiful by escape the fate  love 
been listening to the veer union alot recently i have no clue why  hey jordandinosaur bakerr remember that concert? amazing night  wish we could do it together again sometime
im annoying myself with a dog toy  laugh 
i just killed a bug on my screen lol bug juice!
gonna go take a shower cuz i cant seem to mentally wake the fuck up today lol
headbangin and hardcore rave dancin to bullet for my valentine  oh how i missed you guys  smile 
well now im sad  frowny  dont get to <propfemale> out with my boo today   now i have absolutly nothing to do today  oh what fun  annoyed 
gonna take a nap   not like i have anything else to do  annoyed 
bored as fuck  annoyed  cant wait till tomorrow so i can kiss my baby  uuugh time cant go any slower
eatting choco chip cookie dough ic-e cweam and talkin to my boo on the phone  love 
in a bad mood  sad  gonna do hw and idk what after that  annoyed 
talking to boo on the phone   just hope i dont fall asleep on him  annoyed 
sore throat and a migrane so bad i feel like im about to break down into tears
i feel violated cuz <propfirst> tomnay poked me!
please fucking kill me!!!!!!!!!!! i love video games n stuff but ima bitchslap the shit ouda this kid if he doesnt shut the fuck up!!!!
i wish i was as pretty as i was at homecoming everyday   i felt beautiful that night   its amazing what makeup does to you  annoyed 
here goes another all-nighter  sitting on the computer all night  wishing i had a life  and more better friends  annoyed 
gonna watch tv since theres nothin else to do   text me if you want me; if you dont have my number its 1-804-319-6720
fuck it ima go back to bed   got nothing better else to do  annoyed 
depressed as fuck  annoyed 
when im gone- 3 doors down  love 
and im stareing down the barrel of a 45    ive got that line stuck in my head  annoyed 
"todays playlist: finger 11, hinder, saliva, and of coursethree days grace and papa roach ( yeah, their always on my playlist, cuz papa roach and three days grace are always on any of my playlists )"
papa roach- be free  love 
either gonna take a nap or go for a long walk    listening to staind
fuck it im going to bed   not even chili cheerd me up   i didnt hardly eat it  n thats my fav dinner  annoyed 
today was awesome   i love my baby so much  love  11 3 10 baby
i wanna pull over hoodie   any ideas on designs?
gonna work the lack off ass that i have off today so i can see my baby ryu <propmale> again tonight  smile 
"just fucking perfect  i wanted to sleep till atleast noon but no that bitch had to ruin everything  then she comes in here to show me something that i really dont give a fuck about and when i say \no i dont freakin care\"" she says i have an attitude  naw fuckin duh bitch  and now noone will text me back  ugh fml!"""
sooooo bored! i hate sundays
watching elf  one of my favorite xmas movies  smile  cant wait till tomorrow
"watching 1,000 ways to die marathon  picking out what way i wanna die  had a depressing day  didnt sleep at all lastnight  annoyed "
i guess its national ignore piss off <propfemale> day  how nice of everyone to participate  
"hmmm lets see here  whos on my playlist today? im feelin energetic sooooo hmm innerpartysystem, hadouken!, pendelum, papa roach, and a bunch more  smile "
"going to go to bed   whether im actually gonna sleep or not tonight, i fucking doubt it "
someone please tell me why the fuck im up this early   
its too fucking early to be up on a day off  annoyed  grrrrr
"i don't want to live \to waste another day \underneath the shadow of mistakes i made \cause i feel like i'm breaking inside \i don't want to fall and say i lost it all \'cause baby there's a part of me to hit the wall \leaving pieces of me behind"
so bored  annoyed 
"pullin an all nighter  laugh  anyone wanna join meh? pwetty pwease? oh yeah, text me 3196720   make sure u tell me who u are lol"
dude i swear its like im on fucking speed im like so fucking hyper  laugh dd
hmmm what to do today   
almost a month baby  love   love   love 
"got the house to myself  gonna plug my zune up to my amp and turn it all the way up, love feelin the entire house vibrate to the drums and bass, and work out till i drop to get my mind off shit  "
almost a month  love   love   love 
cant wait to see him today  smile  almost a month  love 
"not even a semester into high school and im already sick of the drama  told him i didnt want it from the start  its just extra stress   gonna go bury myself in hw and music  dont want to talk   whats the point of being happy when all the shit crashes down on you, dragging you into depression, in just a few hours?"
"ok guys i need your support!!! if i finish my essay tonight, hug the shit out of me tomorrow  if i dont, smack hit me,wallk away, and ignore me for the rest of the day   pwetty pwease?"
"so close to regaining my sanity   but im fading back into my deepest insanity state  losing everything that iv worked so hard to gain back, falling harder and harder each time i open myself up  should have never done this   didnt i learn my lesson the first time? i guess now  it doesnt even matter  too far in depression to hear myself scream, too far to find myself  whats the point of trying again? i dont see one  "
whoever said we wouldnt last a month sucks at gambling  smile  i love you with all my heart ryu savage <propmale>
"ugh my december is starting  annoyed  (this is true because i keep a lil note every december[why, i have no clue]) i always lose my voice the first week of december  wtf!?"
playin monopoly   this shits addicting
ugh everything is gettin me fustrated  just fuck everything  ima go sleep on the couch   by sleep i mean toss and turn all night an get an hr of sleep  if im lucky  annoyed  ugggh
gonna go cry my eyes out and hopefully get some sleep for the first time in months  
"my bed is soaked with blood and tears, the knife is on the ground  i try to think of something to say that would make you want to stay  time goes by and my future's lights start to dim  the only thing i can think to say is \im sorry  iv fucked up\"" but thats not enough to change your mind   """
"32 x's,  7  heart-broken 's, and 3 scars   "
"probably not going to school tomorrow  < 32 x's,  7  heart-broken 's, and 3 scars  >"
dont let go by deepfield  love 
yep im grounded till report cards  annoyed  ugh fml!  bye
"i live in misery when you're not around\and i won't be satisfied 'til we're taking those vows\there'll be some lovemaking, heartbreaking, soul shaking\there'll be some lovemaking, heartbreaking, soul shaking\what's it gonna be\cuz i can't pretend\will we ever be more than friends\hold me tight and don't let go\don't let go"
pizza hut!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol i seriously know what ima be dreamin about tonight  laugh 
"im so sorry,but i never cared at all,just walk away,make it easy on yourself,just walk away,please release me from this hell,just walk away,there was never any hope at all   hey guys call my on my house phone at 530-4191 cuz im grounded and so bored!!"
i stole my phone back lol shitfaced parents think im stupid cuz they put my shit in the same damn place every fucking time  anyway call me on my house phone if you need me 530-4191
in a depressed state of mind but im not depressed  does that make sense or im i really just insane?
"no matter how you put it, hate and pain will always overpower love and happiness"
"been watching my favorite shows 1,000 ways to die and csi alot recently   wow i miss watching tv all day lol"
"been listening to papa roach all day  ugh i feel like crap  i love you <propfemale>, no matter how shitty i feel i can take to you an always feel better"
"been listening to papa roach all day  ugh i feel like crap  i love you <propfemale>, no matter how shitty i feel i can talk to you and always feel better"
"i will forgive, but i will not forget, and i hope you know, you've lost my respect"
"just woke up  watching csi all day then 1,000 ways to die all night  im soooo lazy but i love it"
"gonna go play <propfirst> kart, get pissed off, and scream at the tv for an hr or 2  haha bye"
question #2: can bananas have orgys?
question #3: how does a guy with 3 penises have sex?
"question #4: if a guy refuses to watch or read porn, what does he masterbate to?"
question #5: do cats do anal?
this is how pathetic i am   for chrismas i was a perfect size <propmale> bear that i can cuddle wiith for xmas cuz no one wants to cuddle me  annoyed 
unusually tired for 8pm  i didnt do anything today though   wtf??
ugh woke up at 5 smile 0 with the hicups and i still got them!!! i feel a loooooong saterday coming  annoyed 
ugggggggh fucking hiccups  annoyed 
"question #6: if you made a clone of yourself, then killed yourself, would it be suicide or murder?  laugh "
"question #7: if you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?"
"i'm not listening, not anymore, the more i learn, the more i ignore  papa roach  love "
question #8: whats <propmale> <propmale>' weekness?
why are old relationships so hard to forget about?  annoyed 
just woke up  sadly
i have no cheek fat o o
i really need a new default  annoyed 
"i know you think i'm crazy\you think i've lost my mind\i'm locked and loaded \got you in my sight\\you are my nemesis\the one i can't resist\i got a one-track mind\\turn the lights out\lay your head down\now you got me \where you want me\i'm the pain\you're the pleasure\can't you read the signs\i got a one track mind"
"cuz i need you, right here by my side, cuz your everything im not, in my life   iv never heard a song so beautiful like this  e playful ecally when its acoustic  i cant help but think of you  annoyed "
"another sleepless night  annoyed  layin on the floor with my laptop blasting \no matter what\"" by papa roach over and over again  """
just woke up  doing absolutly nothing all day  oh what fun  annoyed 
question #9: um          how much wood can a wood <propmale> <propmale> if a wood <propmale> could <propmale> noris? 
can't stop listening to papa roach  
gonna stay up all night to watch the lunar eclipse
"i dont see how im still alive after the past week  annoyed   i wish i never fucked up  i wish he would see,behind the bullshit, how much i really loved him"
"im starving  annoyed  shooooooould i eat popcorn,coookies fudge, or icecream    hmmmm such a hard decision"
going outside ^^
i love the cold and all    but just not this cold lol  lunar eclipse is so cool
why is it that its always cloudy rainy ect when theres somthing so fucking epic going on in the sky!?
tonight was beautiful  smile  night all  love  thanks <propfirst> and chryssie for stayin up with me and talking to me love yall
"stayd awake all night looking at my childhood and myself today   im really fucked up mentally  iv fucked up my life cuz of all of my problems  what i wouldnt give for just one day of pure happiness, putting all lifes' shit aside    i need help  annoyed "
gadda mind of a criminal  smile 
what would you do if one day i was gone  and never came back?
gonna push all thinking away today  im doing everything mindlessly and instinctivly  i really wanna see how easy it is for most people to do without thinking 
 love  i devise my own demise  love 
i killed <propfemale> with a g36 silencer 
everything is a load of bullshit and i'm getting pretty fucking tired of it 
"you know what would be sick? a black <propfemale> hat with blood red fur fuzzy and \naughty girl\"" written on the side  i want that hat!"""
"oh yay xmas light sighting   excuse me, bitch; hi, yes, this is your almost fifteen year old daughter here, just want you to know, i'm to fucking old for this shit!"
i got my furry rave legwarmers and theyre so badass!!!!! yay!  just wish i could have been with my baby instead  annoyed 
had a fairly decent xmas  gadda headache and my chest is startin to hurt worse than last time  i guess cuz im really stressed out  well goodnight  i love all of you guys
"woke up in a good mood, hoping to keep it up  smile  oh the snow is so beautiful  love "
feels so ignored  annoyed  i guess ill go rock out my rave furries and forget about all yall
let the music flow through you and sparks will fly  dancing in my sexy rave outfit with the house vibrating  its like im on speed or ecstasy because i cant stop moving and the time between the song that ends and the next one starts seems like eternity 
"heart litterly feels like its about to give out, been dancin for 2 hours straight  but its so fucking fun and i look so sexy lol i cant stop now"
got nothing else to do so im going to bed  annoyed 
next time im just wearing jeans and a jacket to scrape the driveway decks cuz i am so fucking hot right now  gonna lay back until i cool off then probably dance some more in my sexy rave outfit  smile 
i got my amp all the way up with my studio headphones on and the floor is vibrating and my heart cant beat any faster  laugh 
must  stay  awake   
so bored  annoyed  uggggggh i hate waking up early
snapped my b string on my <propmale> <propfirst> and it made a gash on my hand  this just isnt my morning  annoyed 
"take a look at the world around you, can you see the desperation?"
amazing dream lastnight  been thinkin about it all day   if i had one wish id wish it was real  annoyed 
watching the e playful endables with surround sound speakers   awesomeness!!!!
is there anything on tv at midnight other than fucking porn?
just woke up  gonna help dad around the house then hopefully i might <propfemale> out with an ex  i miss him  heart-broken 
so bored  annoyed 
i've always wanted a razorblade necklace  annoyed 
i want to ask if he wants to come over  but its like every time i talk to him i feel like im bugging him  does anyone want to come over?
fml  annoyed 
"dude i wanna lil farret so i can put it in my pocket and when someone trys to fuck with me id raise my shirt abit and be like \back the fuck off   i gadda farret who eats dicks!\"""""
like my status and i will tell you my favorite memory of you of 2010  smile 
it feels like a kind of rammstein day  laugh 
"i really want lil ferret so i can put it in my pocket and when someone trys to fuck with me i'd raise my shirt abit and be like \back the fuck off   i got ferret who eats dicks!\"""""
"i want to write your name into my flesh\i want to be in love with myself again\i want to bring it down \i want to bring it down\i believe that things are changing -then a pretty badass break-  laugh  had this song stuck in my head all day"
ima get violated by so many people tomorrow    o o
today= cutest and crazyest outfit yet  lol  laugh 
so like today was friiken awesome  laugh 
ima be fat if she keeps making this trail mix 
gonna go take a nap  bye  thanks guys for the awesome day  smile 
"das leben ist ein wildes tier, <propmale> dem ich glaube, ich habe gezähmt "
fuck der welt und alle menschen in ihr  im better off alone
"on days like today, i understand suicide  i wonder if i will make it all the way to the end of my life? i wonder if i have the ability to love someone enough to make them feel safe? days like these i hate to leave my house  i can muster up a fake mile and be cordial, but deep inside i feel like no one likes me  and worse   nobody understands me  i feel like i am completely alone on this planet "
"another scar that'll never heal  another car crash i can't feel i keep going down, i can't turn around thinking maybe that i'm too far gone take a breath, take another step back suffocating as it all goes black "
goin to bed  gonna finish the stupid essay in the morning   if i can sleep tonight  cant wait to meet up with <propmale> tomorrow morning  today just fucking sucked  annoyed 
working on my mythology project  ima look badass  i hope  all and all today was a good day
"depending on if i fail japanese this year, i want to take <propmale> for either 3 years or if i pass japanese ill just do that again for another year then <propmale>  taking history and photography (or how i say it \photographery\"")"""
i really am fucked up 
herz gebrochen und allein  niemand dass ich vertrauen kann    ein alter teddybär ist mein einziger freund     atleast er wird mich nicht verraten   heart-broken 
"they say love is like giving someone a gun and aiming it at your heart, but trusting them not to pull the trigger   i wonder how many bullet hole i have in my heart   heart-broken "
ima look like fucking <propfemale> from resident evil on tuesday  laugh  i actually cant wait for school     wtfuck is wrong with me?
"*cracks everything* iight project, its just you and me  lets go,bitch  laugh "
boring project: 1    me: 0  annoyed 
windows live: signed out  oovoo: signed out  phone: on silent  facebook:  slowly logging off  ok bitch(project) lets get this fucking over with!
finally done! ha take that you basterd! packing alil and gettin ready for the awesomeness that awaits me at anna-maria thomann's house  laugh 
not even at my best friends house can i be happy  cuz of you  annoyed   heart-broken 
i wanna write your name into my flesh  i wanna be in love with myself again 
want a comedy act? add brokenmurder on oovoo and <propfemale> and i will surely make you smile  smile 
getting off  text me  night 
"your right, i am stupid  stupid for ever loving you "
i want hinder's new album all american nightmare so bad 
just woke up a lil while ago  plans- lay in bed and watch csi all day 
change of plans- listen to richy nix all day  smile 
gonna take an hourish nap cuz im lazy like that  laugh 
my bed is viberating   and i have headphones on  richy nix's beat controls my heartbeat  love 
"i don't have a fucking attitude, i'm pissed the fuck off and don't want to be fucked with, so fuck off!"
i need a weekend alone  don't really want to <propfemale> out with anyone    am i really that good of a liar or are people just really that stupid?
"ok, so the only time ozzy osbourne and slash come even close to <propfemale> and i can't see them  are you fucking kidding me!?"
"today was a boring, long ass day lol"
fucked up on coffee  laugh 
"you used to be a part of me\now you became an enemy\now everyones letting me know\your not worth the pain\this <propfemale> is for you grave  heart-broken "
"everyone is see-through,blood and deceitful\thought i needed help, but fuck it i dont need you\do you really think i want to be this way\popping everyday just to ease the pain?\it just eats away, i can't sleep for days"
listening to an old playlist from like 6th grade  wow i miss these bands
tired  annoyed  today just flat out sucked
"buckcherry, papa roach, motley crue, hinder, puddle of mudd, and new medicine- best cure for the common fuck of a day!"
maybe going fourwheeling with <propfirst>? maybe  hopefully    possibly?
"in a car, woohoo!! lol hmu"
plans for today: do the fucking ssr project! and probabl watch csi all day
i should realy be doing my project right now  
can't wait till the new rise against album endgame comes out 
lay back and let the music take over  
so apparently im not allowed to take naps  are you fucking kidding me!?
so beautiful out  gonna go outside in a few with rox and break stuff 
"i'm only human  i can only handle so much  so please, lower your e playful ectations "
"headache  annoyed  gonna try n find something to watch or just go to bed  i have no social life whatsoever  annoyed \"",2011-02-05 01:29:10""",c1ec5dff42383a22f5b4ef242b60a581,didn't sleep good at all  annoyed 
i'll slap you so fucking hard it'll feel like you kissed a freight train 
im so fat i dip my swiss rolls in pudding  and it tastes good too!
dude im on here on my psp! this is so cool!!!!
fuck mondays!
who's the biatch now!?
i think i took too many sleeping pills   i don't feel right 
"myself and i, we share\this barely beating heart of hurt,\and when the hurt comes theres an argument,\a fight to save a smile"
"i'm not a <propmale> kid, maybe thats a good thing, ain't got shit but i got this far  keepin' it real and rhymin' and stealin', doing what i want!"
i love how i can feel sexy in taz boxers and a whiskey river t-shirt thats 3x bigger than i am 
i think ima take a nap  sundays are so boring 
watching the powerpuff girls  lol i miss them
"don't know what's going on,\don't know what went wrong \feels like a hundred years i,\still can't believe you're gone \so i'll stay up all night \with these bloodshot eyes,\while these walls surround me with the story of our life "
i am hungry   thats unusual lol  enjoying my lazy-no-thinkie day  smile 
i could like really go for a massage right now  haha
picture time! since i looked kinda awesome today   smile 
i don't know what the hell she's cooking but holy cow it smells gooooood!
anyone have an extra vanilla envelop i can borrow tomorrow? pwetty pwease?
"someone please stop these voices in my head, because i'm starting to agree with them "
not good enough to be a reason  
"feels like a good lyric day  watching my brother, music so loud the house is vibrating, annnnnnd haircut later  i cant wait which is wierd cuz i hate haircuts"
"i have a serious question to ask everyone  8 of my best guy friends have asked me out within my freshman year, if not more  what i want to know is, why? what the fuck is so \special\"" about me?"""
just finished gantz   tough anime but really good
"ok, so, tomorrow im going to video tape most of my day at school tomorrow lol   this should be good"
"yeah, i know i'm a tease to society, but i also know that you don't complain about it  smile "
"shower didnt relax me at all, just made this mental game even harder to solve  i fucking hate high school "
smile empty soul  love 
birthdays saterday  *empty enthusiasm* woo-fucking-hoo x{
"one day you'll realize, not being strong enough, may just be your greatest strength "
"shower then getting ready for tonight, hanging with my loves  its been a stone sour kind of day  #keepingjapaninmyheart"
first song of the day: roxxanne by the police  laugh 
i really should clean my room  
"so i went to bed at 8 last night to try to \out smart\"" the time change lag  didn't work at all """
i need to stop looking at hotter chicks  annoyed  its starting to get depressing
"when you starting seeing life as a thin bittersweet line between sanity and insanity, you realize, you have nothing left to lose, nothing to gain, and nothing to live for "
"fallen is an amazing book! and dude, thats coming from someone who would rather sit through 3 hours of a boring documentary than read for 5 minutes  smile "
its beautiful outside  might take roxxi out for a long walk later  wish i had more freedom in this house  annoyed 
do i look look strung out or drunk in my new pic? lol i just forgot to brush my hair before i took it  laugh 
"um, why am i giving my water bottle a handjob?"
i want to see limitless  up for a date anyone? lol 
omg i theorize about the stupidest shit   and yet in the end it makes sence lmao o o
ugggggh tomorrow is monday 
am i the only one who gets a very guilty and or depressing conscious when trying to nap on sundays?
someone love me  annoyed 
"hey i left my phone on the bus, if you need me text me at 804-274-0368, please tell me who you are too lol"
"i'm falling in my dream, i've finally hit the ground "
"an hour and a half until lopez tonight with hollywood undead  do i stay up and play poker till then, or do i sleep and just put an alarm on  ugh so hard to choose!"
working on some photography ideas  i hope they'd turn out really good 
i have this weird urge to fuck around at walmart for a few hours o o
babysitting till 3am  being my lazy self  they pay me way too much for doing absolutly nothing  
really stressed  thought about too much today  gonna go work out till i cant feel my arms or legs 
this is so fucked up  i felt sexy in my casual jeans and t-shirt  i think theres something wrong with me  lol
"i have a feeling im going to end up like that blonde in the music video for \been to hell\"" by hollywood undead    if i ever become as sexy as she is   """
"dude, its too early to be up on a day off "
"it feels like im having an out-of-body e playful eriance, but im watching it all go down  its likea train wreck in slow motion "
ugh i hate getting so fustrated so easily!!!!!!!!!
watching good luck <propmale> with a <propfemale>'s frostie  yummm   fuck yeah  wink 
ummm   since when do vibraters have commercials!?
chuck: whats sex without love? stu: sex is still sex!
if i don't get an a+ on this project i'ma be so fucking pissed!
"nonpoint is finally coming to the national, and i know my parents won't take me because: 1  its next tuesday  2  they're with a heavy lineup  and 3  cuz tickets are 20$  are you fucking kidding me!? i have enough money, let me go with friends if you don't like the music!"
mall and movies with gareth and grayson  about fucking time i get to get out!!
"finally got to have a night out, with none other than gareth and grayson, thee awesomest  sucker punch was bad-fucking-ass  rockin' out to american tragedy  all-in-all, today was awesome "
naptime accomplished nothing   sad 
"this weekend is my lifeline  whether i fail or whether i succeed, it all matters on my determination  if i succeed, things will start to look up and i will finally get my mind out of this ditch  if i fail, i've ruined everything i have poured my heart into  time to step up and dominate my life  stand by me, or watch me burn; i know i grow stronger through either support "
"since i've been home, i've had: a whole bowl of popcorn, a whole bag of munchos, and 3 root beers  jeez i'm fat!"
i hate having to snack on healthy foods   
watchin ufc  can't wait till my dad lets me sign up for a boxing mma gym!!!
doing my stupid science wac paper   anyone want to help? no? didn't think so     annoyed 
"fucking bored  you know, you could, like, talk to me   wink "
my room is so messy i don't know where to start  
"bitch, get bent "
watchin anger management  i love <propfirst> sandler!
omg omg omg the loony toons!!!  laugh 
"bugs bunny: \duck season\"" daffy annoyed ""wabbit season\"" bugs annoyed ""duck season\"" daffy annoyed ""wabbit season\"" bugs: \""duck season\"" daffy: \""duck season  now fire!\"" lmao i love loonys"""
i'll talk if you pull the right strings 
"take the past, burn it up and let it go  <propfemale> on; i'm stronger than you'll ever know "
can't sleep  can't do anything  so drained of life  thought about too much today  annoyed 
"my little brother just walked by my room, saw that i'm watching songebob, and said \grow up!\""  so i started singing the theme song really loud """
watching nightmare on elms street  love 
watching the cable guy  <propmale> carrey + anyone = a pretty damn good movie  <propmale> carrey + <propfirst> brodrick = funny as fuck pair 
"too awake for a nap, but too tired to take a walk with roxxi  wtf "
"you know, i can take you straight to heaven if you let me   \you know i, i can make your body levitate if you let me   \you know that i can make your body levitate    le-levitate     love "
finally get in a good mood and the news comes on  i'm tired of this depressing world 
didn't even feel myself fall asleep  that nap was amazing!
"very, very stressed  all i need right now is a good and long massage  annoyed "
my horoscopes have been dead on the last few days   should i be scared?
5 minutes and 2 seconds on the mile today  fuck yes!
richy nix  love 
"when you're standing at the edge of a cliff,\and you got somebody that you love standing behind you telling you to jump,\and you finally do it, that person is just as much in the wrong as you are "
3 more years  3 more years till im gone 
the news is so depressing that i can't bare to watch television anymore 
you can't truly love until you've given up on it 
"i know, im so going to hell for the things i laugh about   laugh "
a nap sounds soooo good right now 
take nap > do english project     if i can't sleep i'm gonna be so pissed 
"because days come and go, but my feelings for are forever  forever -papa roach  love "
"hmm what kind of wall post thing should i do? tbh, idk what else is out there?"
today; today was a good day  smile 
"its amazing how people come around and fuck with your happiness when you have it, but when your depressed and need someone, no one's ever around to care "
i want to take a friend out and fuck around at walmart or target  playful 
"take the past, burn it up and let it go, <propfemale> on, i'm stronger than you'll ever know "
"up early  woke up at 5 and couldnt go bak to sleep, but i got to see the sunrise above the river so it has had a pretty good morning so far  hanging with gareth matthews alllll day  todays gonna be awesome!!"
2 wac papers and a history project due tomorrow  are you shittin' me!? i haven't even started any of it yet! fuck!
this is fucking bullshit  you have got to be kidding me 
lights out  you're talking too loud  so just shut your mouth  who the fuck are you now!?
so confused and lost about everything  and now the stress migrane is back  freaking lovely  annoyed 
hmmm should i work out now or not? just ate and maaaan do i feel fat  laugh 
"remind me never to get a well-paying job, please  because well-paying jobs require effort; effort in which i'm sure as hell not going to put into a stupid day job "
im going to sleep outside tonight  i love summer nights under the stars 
and now facebook emails you if someone likes your status  as if i don't get enough emails from it  freaking lovely 
there is no junk food in this house  ugh fml!
has anyone heard the new transformers dark of the <propfemale> soundtrack? its fucking badass!
a weeks' silence puts a strain on the heart  
"yes, rub it in  you have a perfect fucking life  no no, just rub it in  fucking asshole "
it's so beautiful out 
this is fucking ridiculous 
"sooo i think i am going to sleep until monday night  yep, perfect way to kill time "
"dude, i'm ignoring you  can't you take a fucking hint?"
"hmmm \to do\"" list for today   rearrange my room a little  make work on that wolf collage   annnd anything else that's thrown at me """
productive day today  im enjoying it  its a distraction from thinking negitively like i do 
"if you were dead or still alive, i don't care, i don't care "
"so yeah, i have had some pretty fucked up dreams the last few nights   "
i think i'm just going to pack it in early  i don't know why i'm so tired all of a sudden 
"\there is a very fine line between not listening and not caring  i like to think that i walk that line every day \""  best line ever!"""
i wish i could hibernate like all summer  
i like me 
watching hollow man  pretty awesome movie but sadly i don't think i'm going to be awake long enough to see the parts i missed last time i saw it 
"you think you own me, you shoulda known me "
wanting to say a smartass remark  but knowing you'll be labeled as a total jerk if you do  
gonna go sit in the rain and listen to some music  bye  smile 
i wonder if dogs have that intense thinking phase that we have right before we fall asleep 
"my nanny irons her bed  is that weird to you too, or is just me?"
looney tunes  love 
i'm in so much trouble when she sees the <propmale>   
you turn my nightmares into sweet dreams 
things didn't go as~ bad as i thought  coulda been worse i guess
"anyone want to <propfemale> out? like seriously, i'm sick of being locked in the house  "
"alright, fuck it  i guess i'll just sleep for the rest of the summer  nothing else to do "
hmm i might watch all the saw movies  or download a shitload of music   iny miny minie moe   i think saw  which one should i do?
bored!
my cat is dying     sad 
my computer broke so i'm on my zune which is fucking amazing  today isn't as bad as yestetday was  have a good 4th of july everyone!!
watching boston red sox vs toronto blue jays  boston isnt doing too well  7-0 toronto  come on boston!!!!
i don't know if that's thunder or fireworks lol
"watching yes, dear  it's hilarious  smile "
i love <propmale> engvall and <propmale> white  they are so funny 
"fat people disgust me  yeah, its mean but its true  and no i am not anorexic "
babysitting  saved my computer's memory before it was shipped to the repair company  yesterday was non-stop running around  today wasn't too bad  ready to relax tonight and all weekend 
i really need to be social and get new more friends   
long day ahead today 
too hot or too cold  omfg i can't win!
figures  
"bugs <propfemale>, oh how  i love thee "
"going to see <propfirst> <propfirst> (lead singer of staind) tomorrow night, so pumped !!"
watching invader zim  smile 
some pink <propmale> to ease the nerves 
"rootbeer, music playing, laid out on the couch:: good old relaxing time  about fucking time  "
are flip cameras good for pictures? i need a cheap but good camera before this weekend  i will spend maybe 60$ tops  any suggestions??
aww i want a pet nibbler  annoyed 
"at the hotel in lexington, va  looking out at the mountains, so beautiful  ohh i can't wait for our day to start!!"
"raining in lexington; fun fun  drive-in movie tonight? i really hope so, it would be sooo cool!! "
"went to a drive-in movie, omg it was so cool! saw transformers: dark of the <propfemale>, and <propfirst> crowne  transformers- badass!! <propfirst>- it wasn't bad  i wish we wouldn't have to leave tomorrow, it's so beautiful here "
epic nap time starrrrts   now!
"i love shows like csi, law & order, and criminal minds  i love how they make me think  yeah im weird like that  playful "
   my dad is in the hospital with a blood clot in his leg   
"dad is home  loaded on medication but he is home  thank you, <propfirst> saleem, anna-maria thomann, and <propmale> <propfemale> hitchcock"
i've been playing god of war on my psp all day  playful 
"i usually dont like haircuts, but i am really liking this one  smile "
"watching spongebob on saterday mornings is the best feeling ever  i wil never be \too old\"" for it  love """
yesterday was awesome  now today is going to suck  i hate flip-flop days 
"\bite my shinely metal ass!\"" oh bender  love """
today was awesome! got to shoot my first gun today  your the best gareth!!
awesome day lag  fucking sucks  annoyed 
"thinking about myself and my future  you should try it sometime, it's a weird feeling  really puts your life in perspective "
its rainy days like this that i want to sit on my front porch and play my guitar  but i can't play guitar  therefore im pissed 
"my dad just said \totally pwned\"" omg kill me now  """
"its amazing what a home \spa\"" day can to to your mood  smile """
getting ready to go to potomac mills mall  im so excited!!
"oh sweet warm shower, how i've missed you so  love "
"hey guys, if you live in <propmale> and heard a car with its stereo turned all the way up, i'm sorry about that, i just love my music!"
guess who forgot their guess who forgot her phone
"biology homework, why must you ruin my awesome day?"
i need a fucking nap 
"algebra 2, you make my brain hurt  annoyed "
i love my friends  i love my boyfriend  and i love being this happy   smile 
today was too perfect  so i'm going to go ahead and guess that tomorrow my week is going to suck?
i seriously need to stop watching paranormal shit at night   
"i think i agree with roxxi, it's nap time  wink "
