57aa6c060d75b77c129ab1371c975668
night riding  i love dirtbikes!
thinks today sucked ass    i love drama
"is bored,bored,bored,bored         "
"tired,but happy!! <propfirst>'s back!"
i'm already tired of school  ugh!!  and the parking??ridiculous!!!
tired  and wanting my life back lol  
is ready to see the broncos get spanked tomorrow!!!
<propfirst> urban-tonight i wanna cry
hurt-johnny cash
goin dirtbiking and mudding!!!! this'll be good
into the ocean-blue october   perfect song for this week
all we ever do is say goodbye-john mayer
"help,i'm alive-metric"
if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here?
migraine   fml  
is sick    sad 
need you now- lady antebellum
cleaning the room  ugh!!! should've never started this project  
went to a shooting range today! what a rush!
youth in revolt was not all it was hyped up to be  annoyed   oh well =-)
studying   i need help though!!!!  annoyed 
i can't sleep  annoyed    
i'm bored!!!!
the party's over-journey
studying!!! remember to save me from myself in an hour or so  smile 
so done with studying!!! now i think i'll <propfemale> out and relax
party party party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"done studying for the night,back doin the same thing tomorrow  yay me"
studying!!!!!!!!! save me please!!!
done studying       for now  annoyed 
i wanna know what love is-foreigner
back from snowboarding!!! now im gonna go ice my <propfemale> and my ass!  smile 
goodnight facebook!!!!
the big test is tomorrow   =-o
today sucked  sad   thought it couldn't get worse  it did
if you're if i want you to (i want you to)-weezer
raiders suck!!!
 smile 
phone's not working!  gotta text it!
"<propfemale> - pretty,big tits,know to be down for her shit,pretty shy at times,doesnt care what people say about her,she can be very hyper and just crazy at times,sometimes she can get herself into stuff she shouldn't,gorgeous,and has a really good boyfriend  girl:who's that?  guy:thats my girl <propfemale> smile   girl:wish i was like her   urban dictionary com"
bad day  ugh!
jambalaya time!!!!!!!!!
about to win a wrestling match!!! wish my opponent luck  wink 
still not sick!!!  for now atleast lol
"totally messed that one up lol  nevermind,text me i'm bored"
i cant sleep!!!!!!!!
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
calling it an early night!
i dont wanna work!!!!
off to shower  then going to get my finger prints   then off to the movies with my love  smile 
cant wait till 1 smile 0   ugh!
i hate working 12-9's    here we go   
"when you're in a bad mood,guess what?   it puts me in a bad mood!"
some people   but what can i say?
here goes nothin   
going to try to have a better day   
told myself i'd shower at 9  still not showered lol
stuck   
love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding  -<propfemale> arbus
"henri nouwen:  your body needs to be held and to hold, to be touched and to touch  none of these needs is to be despised, denied, or repressed  but you have to keep searching for your body's deeper need, the need for genuine love  every time you are able to go beyond the body's superficial desires for love, you are bringing your body home and moving toward integration and unity "
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
beauty and the beast sounds good right about now   annoyed 
can fat people go skinny dipping?
workin a 9-6 at my favorite place (not) and watchin my babies softball game after!
wants to go to a giant's game!!!!!!!
wants a hippo!!!!!
had a pretty long day today  back at it tomorrow  =[
"damn  i wish i was a little bit taller,i wish i was a baller  "
try and guess my nationality  
the gift-seether
goodbye horses - q lazarus
coinstar?  or no coinstar?  
who wants to go to a giants game with me? lol
   off to work   time to put the game face on
i hate the dodgers!
is sick  
is still sick  =[
"okay,so part 1 of work is done  now part 2 is what im worried about  2 smile 0 to 9?  i hope i can make it  any bets?"
round 2?  
the temper trap- sweet disposition
 smile 
 annoyed 
i want a hippo and i want one now!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think today is going to be a very productive day  
"if i could find you now things would get better,we could leave this town and run forever"
berkeley bound
(if you're wondering if i want you to) i want you to - weezer  love 
is running on empty!!!! ugh!
yes? or no?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vmo0k0ewb8k
gets off at 6!! keep me company though  
http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=yvette
you want a piece of my heart? you better start from the start 
damn you wing stop   
panera + <propfemale> = the most delicious orgasmic macaroni and cheese ever and good company
"lesson #4,520; when your friends tell you to chug milk,don't do it!!!"
i feel like such a grown up  im signing up for my very own benefits  fml  =q
johhny carinos   bout to get my pumba on
silvia-miike snow
i  love  <propfirst>  smile 
someone needs to put molina on a god damn treadmill!
"all i have to say is, thank god it's friday!!! i think i deserve a beer  or a couple  laugh "
anyone wanna do something that doesn't involve going to chico? lol
running on empty!!!!!!     
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=svoumzlbz_g
yvettes being hacked ahhahahahahahaha    she is a whore!!! and i wanna motorboat her!!! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
3 tacos and a pizza later     =8
i think i'm in heaven  smile   pure bliss  
ugly people shouldn't procreate  
should i stay or should i go?
"say it aint so,i will not go,turn the lights off,carry me home  keep your head still i'll be your thrill    "
i love the spice girls  smile 
"let's go giants    sanchez,please do as good as you look  smile "
why are people such assholes?
"i cant sleep  annoyed   i wish \thinking\"" had an on and off switch  """
i love my job  i love my job  i love my job     help me!!!
i really hate you sometimes  
i think i have a problem   
these are a few of my favourite things   love 
"i keep on giving,but i can't stop living  a woman needs a little something of her own  i like happy endings,i don't like depending  i keep on pretending  but i can't do that anymore  "
subway cookies are awesome  
i'm hungry!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!! i need a hippo!!!!!!!!!!!!             please  smile 
i wish i understood vietnamese  
i hate him!!!!!! with a passion  
"today should be a good day  i get off at 6,supposed to go to a party later on  but i got this sickness called lazy  annoyed  haha"
"i used to be love drunk,but now im hungover  "
last night    i got fucked up!!! lol
i hope that when you see my face it gives you hell you fat ass lazy ugly faced mother fucker  smile 
"i feel like an idiot lol   i was rushing to work and 12 smile 0 hits,and \fuck i'm late\""  then i remember i don't start till 1  """
<propmale>'s subs   mmmm
"what you got boy is harf to find,i think about it all the time,i'm all strung,my heart is fried i just can't get you off my mind  smile "
bagels + cream cheese =  love 
"\you are the thunder and i am the lightning\"""""
"just took a redbull energy shot,please sweet baby jesus let it work"
four locos got me loco!!!
i love the giants  laugh 
i like the way your booty booty drop
my moneys on <propmale>!!!!
drive ins  smile 
"why is it that when you sing in the car or shower you sound amazing,but when you record yourself your ears almost bleed?"
e playful erience is the only thing you can get for nothing-oscar wilde
i wanna go to a god damn giants game!! fuck!!!
i'm bored   annoyed   entertain me please
"if you like this status, i'll post on your wall something that i like about you or a memory i have of us  if you want, make this your status if you're up for a challenge  smile "
about to play super <propfirst> brothers on super nintendo!
no stitches for me!!!!!!!!!!!!
club x was fucking awesome!!!!
munchies + dr pepper =  love 
i love journey!!
"off to work,keep me company please!!!"
reno bound!!! i dont think they're ready for this  laugh 
last call for stogies   
just made it and i'm juiced!!!
on my way back!!!  smile 
let's go celtics!!!
"i feel \impossible\""   annoyed """
just got off work! ridiculous!!
i wish i was 21   sad 
matisse-better than her
about to learn how to fly!!
"snickers ice cream bar,here i come!!!!"
pavement concert!!!! woohoo!!!!!!
i wanna watch a movie and cuddle  annoyed \
this week is going to be awesome! i can feel it  smile 
beat la!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck you dodgers!
i want a god damn panda hat!!!
lets go giants!!!!!
i don't wanna go to work  
does anyone have a pool? it's freakin' hot out!!
i'm hungry  
how come every time you come around my london london bridge wanna go down?
neon trees - animal
thank you huff!!!!
i have decided that i want to become a man   i have always felt different about myself and i think a sex change will do it    
i can't work the friggen itunes!
"how am i supposed to be happy,when all i ever wanted comes with a price?"
spain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!! it was greatly appreciated!!
i wish i had a <propmale>  annoyed \  
inception is a must see movie! i just got mind fucked!
only in <propmale> lol   i swear
"really wishes she didnt get off at 9 tonight  as soon as the big hand goes on the 8 and the little hands on the 52 second mark,im out!!!!!!!!! no more staying till 10  i refuse"
i've honestly been up for a day and a half   i feel like a zombie!!!
emergency room! yay me!!
off to good ol work     annoyed   
"wow,my brothers friend just made me feel hella old!  sad "
i can't sleep!!! fml
"i think im gonna watch \the notebook\""    """
the easiest way to sleep at night is to <propfemale> on believing that i don't exist
"<propfirst> oliver: \to live in this world you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go "
i love weezer  love 
i  love  chico
never been kissed  love 
stupid people should have their own island   omfg!
"so,who wants to <propfemale> out today? text me!"
good morning facebook!!! hope you have an awesome day!  smile 
let's do something!!!!!!
blackberry pin smile 0dddf08
"so, i might turn into spiderman pretty soon   great"
"not gonna lie, i love black & white films   love "
for 24 hours you can ask me 1 question (inbox)  i will answer it no matter what  you have my full honesty  put this in your status to see what people ask you
i had a dream he got better   then i woke up  annoyed 
someone entertain me! please?
"why does this all hurt so bad? my heart feels like it should be beating 100 <propmale> per minute,but it feels constricted and wrapped up tight by my feelings  i feel like i'm drowning and i can't see the surface  there's no up"
i  love  the giants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wanna feel loved again   annoyed 
life is no nintendo game  
"i like it in the car,or the floor"
"<propfemale> is dandy, but liquor is quicker  "
i need a hug  sad 
"i  love  you grandpa \\                        love  your <propfemale>"
blackberry pin; 3245b080
i'm hungry!
i wanna get swept off my feet  
why me?
"modeling tomorrow   not gonna lie, super nervous! wish me luck! =$"
who wants to go white water rafting with me?  either that or ziplining!
kayaking at 9am  juiced!
fuck the yankees!!! fuck fuck fuck the yankees!!!
somedays are easier than others  
beauty and the beast time  
let's go big daddy cain!!
i love the giants!!!!!
i  love  you posey  marry me?
i don't want to let you go  
pizza   i want some!  now!
mountain biking  here i come!!!
"12 5 <propmale> on a mountain bike?  not gonna lie, it was brutal  "
let's go big daddy cain!!!
m-m-m!! i love me some posey!
<propfirst> swift- mine =  heart-broken   sad 
you said you'd always be here for me  but you're nowhere around  
posey   i  love  you   
posey!!!!!!
i  love  the giants!!!!!
its time to get chocolate wasted!!!!!!!
"i'm sorry for the person i became,i'm sorry that it took so long for me to change  i'm ready to  cuz who i am hates who i've been  "
"some people are so fucking two faced! its incredible how fake bitches are  wow  and they call themselves \family\""   but little do you know  i never wouldve thought  but i guess that teaches me to trust people  dta """
beauty & the beast time
round table   mmmm
what's everyone doing today? i wanna go walk around in the city! who's down?  smile 
send me a question and i'll answer it on my wall!!!
"q: y r u so <propfemale>?                    a: i never really thought of myself as pretty, but i guess i get it from my momma  smile "
q: why don't we ever <propfemale> out anymore?                           a: i have no idea why we don't  we definitely should! you always text me the randomest things by the way lol
q: can we get down?             a: lmfao   
i swear to god i have theeee dumbest co-workers ever!! maybe just 1 or 2  but christ almighty people  use your head!!!
"<propmale> <propmale> doesn't tea bag,he potatoe sacks"
officially licensed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! feels good!!!
"laying in bed,cuddled up in a crap load of blankets,i have my favorite blanky & pillow  but i'm missing something  annoyed \"
i want a booty like <propfemale> minaj!
so this is what holidays feel like   bah hum bug!
serving the homeless today was rewarding 
never been kissed is on!!!!
"thank you grandma   for putting \dance with my father\"" on   this is gonna be a long car ride  """
please don't go - <propfirst> posner 
uribe with the dodgers?! noooooooooooooo
yes? or no?
"you and i wake up in a jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this so i can comment on yours  play along "
faithfully-journey  love 
love is really nothing but a dream that keeps waking me  
my car died   fml  
you guys are filling up my news feed with your snake game!!!!
downside of working in a  pharmacy? many! right now? no one covers their mouth anymore so guess who gets sick? me  ugh!
"okay, i'm totally against child abuse,but me changing my profile picture is not gonna stop it  sorry kids "
would you rather be under paid or overrated? and why?
<propmale> wood is hawt  smile 
you know you got it bad when you're stuck in the house and you don't wanna have fun  its all you think about  
slow dancing in a burning room- <propfirst> mayer  love 
<propfirst>? what the heck?
"fuck it, send me some <propfirst> lol"
"#1231- i think you're too into yourself at times and you complain as much,if not more than a girl  yet, i like hanging out with you haha  smile "
"#192- no, i don't work at dennys  and i have no idea who you are lol "
"#22- well off the bat you're awesome, and i'm not just sayin that cuz we're related lol  you're actually the only cousin that i got along with right away  looooove it!"
"#010- we've had some pretty fun times together  you're funny,sweet as can be  we need to <propfemale> out soon!"
"#7391- you finally got it! i've only met you once,but you managed to save my life that night! lmao  never again  "
"i think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long  if we're in each others dreams, we can be together all the time  "
#5- i've known you since middle school and i remember 8th grade graduation your right boobie was mine  i signed it and everything lol
"o42o- you,oh my gosh  i'm soooooo glad i joined soccer that year  you made it fun for me  remember your grandma and mom and my mom always got us mixed up on the field?! lmao or the time we went to the mecca and decided to go pick up hoe#2? that was a crazy night and i still have no clue on how we made it home lol  we gotta do that again  but without the hoe haha"
"#1- what can i say about you? lol  i remember when i first met you, i couldn't stand you  now i can tolerate you  and by the way  i beat your ass! i shouldve bit you harder! you should invite me out to the clubs! we need to <propfemale> out more! oh and your cousin <propfirst> is pretty cute lol  just sayin  and don't listen to <propmale>, i like the way you drive  especially after 4 lokos!  smile "
"#300,000,001?- thanks for the long ass number  not  we met our sophomore year in ms  kratinas class and ever since then we've <propmale> out  i honestly consider you one of my really good friends even though you hate me lol  but i still have love for you  i'll always be here for you whether you believe it or not annnnnd i can't wait till you move to chico!! party!!!!!!!!!!!"
ugh! i can't sleep!
beauty & the beast time  
"#8- sometimes i wish i could work front store rather than pharmacy just cuz i think itd be waaaaay funner to work with you  i like it when you come up and chat,gives me a break from stupid work  i think you're funny and really really nice "
"#9- i see you \fell to the numbers\"" lol  i first met you in mr garcias class? you seemed pretty cool in that class  really laid back and funny  you'd let me copy off you sometimes lol  i think you would be the only guy in our group sometimes lol """
#75- i am so happy we met! you are the sweetest person ever! i looooooove juice! you are a beautiful person inside and out  and i wouldn't change you not one little bit! so don't go changing on me! and open up and stop being so shy! lol  
#1433- i've only met you once but you seem pretty cool  you're really nice lol
and what i really want? i can't have cuz money can't buy me somebody to love 
  who do you think you are? leaving & opening up all these scars?
"watching \a river runs through it\"" """
who wants to walk me to my car?   we just got robbed  
i don't care!!!
"\ all i have in this world is my balls & my word & i don't break em for nobody!\"""""
7 more months!
"it's about that time again  the notebook\   tissues? check! blankets? check! bf to cuddle   damn  """
<propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> is soooooooooo hawt  smile 
"omg! \for the first time\"" by the script   i know exactly what that feels like  *chills*"""
sunday: beware packers! we're comin for ya!
holy shit! orale orale was way too fun!!! applebees was way too much fun! fuck  i have to do this every weekend! lol
"hate me today,hate me tomorrow  hate me for all the things i didn't do for you  hate me in ways,in ways hard to swallow  hate me so you can finally see what's good for you "
why is <propfirst> mayer so god damn good?!
just realized that today was pay day  and i just wanted to get out of work so fast   that i forgot my pay check  man oh man do i love my job!  not
patriots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i've got a plan   
and we're on the board!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
patriots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
i miss limewire   who has a solution for my dilemna?
how am i supposed to be happy? when all i ever wanted comes with a price?
"\all we ever do is say goodbye\""   """
"okay, i fucked up on the first one lol                               [poke]-me if you ever had a crush on me                       [like]-this if i'm a good friend    [message]- me if you ever wanted  relationship               [comment]- on this if we had any good memories               if you're brave re post this  smile "
the leftover spaghetti keeps calling my name   i'm caving  
i miss you  ='[
i just burned the bottom of my tongue and the tip of my tongue   ouch
"1,000 ways to die   damn  there are some god damn weirdos out there! a cow heart?! really?!"
it's beginning to feel a lot like christmas  man oh man do i love this christmas feeling!
well i've been afraid of changin' cause i've built my life around you  
guess who the afc east division champs are?  smile 
why do you keep torturing me like this?! stay out of my dreams!
"i've got 99 problems,and they all bitches"
<propfemale> in wonderland time  goodnight world 
"there's going to be a lot of times in your life where you're going to get hurt, feel sad & lonely  but you have to remember its all a test "
"\let's runaway     \"""""
cold pizza sounds amazing right now  
fuuuuuuuuuuuuck my life!!!!!!! i swear this shit would only happen to me!! my car would stop on the freeway  
wants wing stop  
"don't say a word,just come over and lie here with me  cause i'm just about to set fire to everything i see  i want you so bad i'll go back on the things i believe  there i just said it, i'm scared you'll forget about me  "
"i feel pretty,oh so pretty  i feel pretty & witty & gay!!"
who here has the <propfemale> to step by step teach me how to download music illegally? lol 0 smile 
uh-oh  
"<propfirst> roberts said & i quote: \i can't lie your team is one of the most talented teams in football \"" i sure hope <propfirst> cabral & <propmale> hinojosa don't see this!! lmfao!!!"""
omg  i want carnitas so bad!
"take the bottle,shake it up  break the bubble,break it up! pour some sugar on me,ooooh in the name of love,pour some sugar on me,come on fire me up!"
i'm forever yours   faithfully
tizoc  love 
i officially hate myself 
patriots! let's do this!
"i'm selfish,impatient & a little insecure  i make mistakes, i'm out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst,then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best   love "
lesson #341 : never under any circumstances go grocery shopping when starving!
they never put enough noodles in the cup  annoyed \
"came home to the cutest little 2 year old running with arms up saying \b bet b bet!! i miss you\""  doesn't that just melt your little heart?"""
some people eat atrociously   omfg  close your fucking mouth & shut up!!
*sigh*   firefighters   smile   someone put out my fire!
july seriously can't come fast enough   
3 & 1 2 more hours   ugh!
can't find a better man
 love 
i love my momma!
round table pizza!!  love  it!!
"you can run,you can hide,but you can't esape my love"
fuck work!! all i wanna do is sleep!! ='[
who wants to watch blue <propfirst> with me?
i hate peeling oranges  
oh you fancy huh?
if anyone loves me they will bring me food  
"as soon as i get my paycheck   i'm buyin myself not one,but three cheeseburgers! i'm starving!!!  annoyed "
everafter  love   movie day?  i think so!!
well?  here goes nothing  
my bestfriend's wedding  love 
"\i'm in love & all hope is gone \"""""
the only feeling of real loss is when you love someone more than yourself 
firefighters    love 
" love  just know that you are thought of,you are missed,& are most certainly loved  always will be "
"best way to wake up? having <propmale> gomez cook you breakfast! thank you, you're the best!"
"they say i look yummy & they want a taste,but i'm a human not a sandwich"
i just ate a whole package of bacon  
i want to be loved  
i'm not the kind of girl to blink & give my heart away
i need a streetbike  annoyed 
someone take me to the zoo!!
for the first time- the script  love 
"just know that you are thought of, you are missed &most definitely loved  love "
p s    i love you  
who needs a <propfirst> anyway 
back to december - <propfirst> swift  love   its like she's reading out of my journal!  annoyed 
i miss you grandpa  love  
"god damnit, shawshank's a tear jerker!"
la costa sounds amazing right now!
nothing beats coming home to fijoles y chorizo freshly made by the greatest grandma ever!
"somebody up there must hate me, three migraines in two days?! something has got to give!!!"
"single ladies!!!!! \like\"" this status please!!!  smile """
"aint no party like a west coast party,cuz the west coast party don't stop!"
trapt - waiting  good song  any song suggestions?
a 1 4 pounder & 2 cheeseburgers later  and i'm still hungry!!  vegas needs to hurry up and come!!
"everything happens for a reason people change so that you can learn to let go,things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself & sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together  love "
i must be the most impatient person in the world  and the little <propfemale> i do have is wearing thin  boy oh boy do i feel sorry for the next person  
i'm so excited for this baseball season! let's go giants!!!!!!
so   i was thinkin   should i cut my hair? or leave it?  decisions decisions
"i cannot be awake,for nothing looks to me as it did before  or else i am awake for the first time,and all before has been a mean sleep "
some people have nerve  wow  you are disowned 
<propfemale>  love 
if you're going to be clogging up my news feed with how sick you are all the time & complaining all the time and saying its over one day & the next you're not? no one gives a fuck! you will be deleted  no re-adding bullshit either  have a nice day!  smile 
hella nice day out! who wants to go to contra <propfemale> with me or black <propfemale> mines?!?
"don't you hate it when you get all ready for work,get to work   and then you're not scheduled?! fml!!"
i'm not a bad person  so why do i feel like it?
"if i'm happy, and you're happy  let's do it"
why do i do the things i do? i ruin everything! i definitely don't have the midas touch :-\\
lost all my <propfirst>!! message text me your <propfirst> puh-lease  smile 
why is saint patricks day a holiday?
lets go florida!!!!!!!
i wish i was photogenic   
what are tissues used for?! oh yeah  to blow your nose!!! what can your hands do while you're not picking your ass?!? oh yeah!!   to cover your mouth!!! fuck!!
"about to get that 0vertime!! can i get a \what what\""!?!"""
words with friends-0rtizy007 =j
wednesday  and im already in overtime?! fuck yes 
i wish i wasnt working so i can lay by the pool  sunday? yeah?
