30972594329a9ad40816daf93f0a5fac
wish i was playing softball tonight   
"cour·age [ kúr ij ]  noun     definition:     quality of being brave: the ability to face danger, difficulty, uncertainty, or pain without being overcome by fear or being deflected from a chosen course of action"
had an amazingly spectacular day today!!!  laugh 
"got to hear tfk sing \welcome to the masquerade\"" for the first time live ever!! it was sweeeeeeeet!!!!"""
really?
requests a d surprise ver please   
nothing worth anything is ever easy!
do i hear the angels singing?!?!?!  haaaaaallelujah!!!
enjoying a bbq roast beef samwich since i'm still pumped after youth tonight!
"urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
loves the new fb!
oh the possibilities     smile 
thankful for friends who speak the truth into my life!!  smile 
i got a feelin   that tonight's gonna be a good night   !!!
it was a good night!! will there be another?! hmmmm   maybe   
"so excited!! i got blessed with a computer today!!! thank you, jesus!!  laugh "
where are you taking me?
wherever we're going   i know it's gonna be amazing!!!
dreaming   oh the possibilities!!!!!
"life is a journey  everything in it is a process  it has a beginning, a middle and an end  all aspects of life are always developing  life is motion  without movement, advancement and progression, there is no life  once a thing has ceased to progress, it is dead--joyce meyer"
sometimes we think we need a miracle in our situation when what we truly need is a miracle of revelation that will change our attitude and alter our approach to life--joyce meyer
was woken up today by my favorite two year old neice  smile  it was a great way to start the day!  smile 
wish'n i was at the fair   
i don't live my life to gain approval from people! i live my life for a greater purpose and to reach the goals and dreams set before me!
thank you thank you thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i did have a great day and am e playful ecting great things for this year!!!!
when iron sharpens iron sometimes sparks fly but the end result is beautiful!
