7b2cbc4523600de7141361e90677e9dc
well the buccaneers won now all i need is for the packers to lose    and the giants
this is my first day and sooo far i am way confused
um day 2 and so far its pretty interesting
yardwork sucks   next time i weed wack i'm wearing shin-guards
goin to the fair tomorrow! i'm going to ride the power if it killls me!!!
its hard to get excited for the fair when i have to go to the orthodontist first    
fair   fun yes  sickening yes   power nooooo! i went on every ride except the power  and i say nay nay to the orbiter
today is a sad day  i learned only 4 more weeks of summer   
today has been a great day   i've played my best game of pool in months
i'm going to inception tonight   hope its as good as everyone says
inception is the best movie i've seen all year
soccer camp next week   hope i dont get embarrased by the older kids
i'm gonna be <propfemale> out of shape for the nc soccer camp    i hope i dont die
today is the day i learn if i'm good enough to play for nc next yr   i freekin nervous
today i feel like i'm about to play in the world cup     i'm soooo nervous for this
it was fun   i'm gonna bring 6 water bottles tomorrow tho
i remeber the days <propfemale> i was the best at the camp     now i'm only the 9th
haha i hav 69 friends hahaha
soccer camp will be better today cuz i'm plannin on stayin hydrated this time
maybe eatin a ton of food before goin to a very fast soccer cam wasn't such a good idea
soccer was fun today   no 20 <propfemale> lecture on running
soccer training camp got canceled today   something bout to much lightning and rain haha
today was one of the funnest days of soccer i've ever played
i'm about as sore today as i've ever been before in my life    
i wish this week of soccer would never end it was wayyy fun
after a week of playin with seniors in soccer i've decided i'm probably gonna jv at least next yr 
after a week of soccer i'v learned that i dont get a soccer tan   i get a soccer sunburn
soccer camp tomorrow haha best 2 weeks of soccer so far
soccer is fun but it really makes you sore after
last night was one of those nights <propfemale> i cant fall asleep   i was up till 5 wich is <propfemale> a lot of people get up
soccer camp is fun    unless there are only 3 people there over the age of 13
dude my ipod died
after one of <propmale> empey's shows all i think is wow thats his masteriece   but this his fainall installment leaves me feeling   why do you have to go? this truly was your masterpiece and casper college will alkwaysremember his legasy
i'm so tired today
when do we get our nc class schedual?
i think i'm waisting away my summer   the past couple days i've woken up at anywhere from noon to 3  
the hangover is one of the funniest movies ever
dude how many quizzes did i take?  jeez i hav no life after 1 a m 
"\i see nothing but the wind and the rain!\"" haha i love storms"""
so i woke p this morning and there was nobody in my house   and as far as i could tell nobody in my neighborood   i had one of those am i the last person on earth things    haha it was great
dawg the man chief strikes again
today was a pretty great day  now i just have to find some extraordinary stuff to do for the last week of summer
haha everything is funner at 3 a m    especially stupid stuff haha
nothin is like battling to the death with ur brother at 2 a m 
haha life is great ha nothin is ever wrong at 2 surprise 2
hey my mom is making a commercial for casper and is looking for ppl who want to do it  if your interested let me know  smile 
i'm not sure if being awake at 2 smile 0 a m  makes me more confused about stuff    or less?
so i got my nc schedule  i'm pretty happy with it except for the fact that i got a class that i never signed up for
i'm seriously thinking about nt going to oreintation tomorrow
the sunset was awsome today! it was so intense the ground outside my house was pink because of the clouds
so its d-day    and really i suppose there isn't anything to worry bout school  its just the change in wake up times
so it wasn't as bad as i thought    it was long but other than that it was cool 
i got school supplies   and sick shoes so i guess i'm ready for school
<propfemale> night was awsome
dude i hate it <propfemale> there is somthin funny i said but i cant  freeekin remeber it later!!!!
schools almost back and i suppose i'm as ready as i'll ever be
i must be ready for school because i act out the that 70's show opening credits
ha school wasn't that bad ha   i might enjoy my orange days
the excitement of nc has worn off    now i'm just really sad and stuff
nc's first football game will be sick!!!
wat a way to start a season! wow go mustangs!!!!
we may not hav won freshmen but i did my best to inspire spirit! with my awsome bandana!
nc is really legit    but school gets really boring
i dont understand the whole skype thing but i'm willyumwall haha
ha the best way to celebrate my brother getin his licencse     buyin 22 tacos haha
you know you look mature when they dont kick you out of the casino  and your 14 haha
dog goin to last exorcism tomorrow   hopfully i wont be the loudest person there   text me if u want to go
today was bitter sweet   i go <propfemale> part but a lot of my friends didn't  annoyed 
natrona!!! i doubt we will lose a game this year    probably wont even hav 50 points scored on us!!!
today was probably the funnest day of soccer so far   we may not hav won but i did pretty good
ha buccaneers won their fist game!!!!!!
for the win
the freshemen teams are gonna tear it up today good luck   and whoever is the home team e playful ect to see me there
that pepe rally legit fired me up i'm waaay readdy to win!
kw got lit up!!!! 45 nothin baby n-a-t-r-o-n-a!!!!!! natrona!!!!!
dude the buccanneers are legit this year!!!!
hmm so any good ideas for fundraisers?
perfect day for soccer
i think i palyed well this weekend   except the last game in which i sucked  oh well i will be better next time
<propfirst> frustration    wow
i really need this weekend haha
sombody tagged my brothers car hmmm who could hav done such a thing?        
wow this has been a long week    is it friday yet? haha
i've gotta go reprogram the vcr  wink 
like a boss
hummel why have your forsaken purdue!!!!
i like it <propfemale> there's a surprise twist that leads to the climax haha
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something \i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the \color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you \remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my \favorite thing about you  7  challenge you to repost this "
love how when a teacher says take out ur computers and work on an assignment quietly everyone just gets on facebook  smile 
duuude paranormal activity 2 is soooooo goood waaay better than the first one jeez i wont be able to listen to a baby cry the same way again
oh ya 4-2 go bucs!!!!
dude people need to stop attending slap a gigner day!!! i could be dead by the end of the day!!!!!!
lebrons gonna own the celtics tonight!!! go heat!!!
ya not such a good day today    fet sick after lunch nad been p o ed ever since
got my basketball shoes   dude very legit!!!
new word redank it has a lot of hutsspa
"<propfemale> stack is the coolest person on earth  she is beutiful and i love her  she is my secret crush and will always be, i love you <propfemale>!"
<propfirst> griffin is a balla!!! and best part? <propfemale>
in the words of lebron what should i do? hey chuck   no seriously what should i do?
good game nc varsity u killed em the first half!!! good game nc jv u killed em the second half 45-nothin ya!!!
well there goes basketball season    
so should i change my name to <propmale>um mcsexy pants or <propmale> the ceo of funky town?
ya bucs 5-2
describe me in a word?
man topgun is my new favorite movie ha ya!!!
good day? no!! bad day? eh  its wierd how havin a bad day before always mkaes the next day a little bit better?
did you know that <propfirst> durant could only bench 130lbs as a rookie?
dude tetris battle? new addiction!!!
did this really happen? i cant beleive this is real? r i p  <propfirst>
why say epic? from now on lets say legendary! haha
man dude coco is way funny glad conan's back on tv!!!
we're encountering resistance from these babies haha funniest quote ever
wow best preformance yet last night! and i was sick all through horray for stage make-up covering my pale sick face
then there's istambull (<propmale>) you mean istabrawl!!! (me)     will thats stupid (<propmale>) what? there was a fight there? haha funniest thing of today
goodbye bball season
"my new saying is akward sauce   wow are all of \my new sayings\"" actually bridgers original sayings?"""
so i just got my basketball shoes  most re-dank shoes i've ever ordered         to bad i can't play this year      
dude <propmale> potter 7 is waaaaay re-dank    it blew my freeeekin mind yo!
well slap me thrice and hand me to my mamma!!!
wow fbb was pretty cool i had fun
"how much is an eminem?\ \""50 cent \""what?! that's ludacris  i want \",7b2cbc4523600de7141361e90677e9dc,nobody's perfect   but being scottish is close enough!  wink 
you better czech youreslf before you wreck yourself  smile 
i gained about 4lbs of food   and its only lunch!
bathilda bagshot in the new <propmale> potter was the scariest decrepid old lady ever    her nastiness just stregthend my fear of decrepid old ladies!
i hate those nights whyn you just can't sleep     annoyed 
and that will is the true meaning of christmas     ~ anonymous dream person
<propfemale> is awesome!! smile   love 
i laughed so hard tonight!!! you cant leave it with you is hilarious!
i love getting up 2 hours a fifteen minuets later  i decided i really like state drama!!!
shhh! snowball guy's comming!
it happens  annoyed 
there is nothin funny about hitting ur funny bone!!!
why
school is cool   
"in gym class     \i cant do that i'm to week and fat\"""""
i hav to get u a present? ugh i thought i got u one last year =p
i love subs in math!!!
nike or adidas?
it beginning to look a lot like christmas????
?ø? †?ˆ ˆß ç®å?¥¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ can anyone guess wat i said?
hello <propfemale> tomorrow   i'm nervous  annoyed 
well   auditions are going to suck  annoyed  i'm the only one without the appropriat clothing    
i did the best i could and i had fun  smile  that all you can do
auditions today were really awesome!
thats more like it  it's beginning to look a lot like christmas!
didn't make call backs
whew so now i'm nervous about the auditions  because of callbacks
so i didn't get the part i wanted? but i did get a part! now i just need to know   who's <propmale>? lol
so today i discovered that a certain somebody looks like <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
"if you had one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment would you capture it? or just let it slip?"
so i've memorized my lines haha
i think i can handle 2 days this week
way to be conceded and stupid at the same time!!!
i love playing people who are worse than me at tetris!
so today is super easy! all my finals done! i just get to relax  smile 
i'm so glad i can sleep in for 3 weeks
i love rediscovering things from from years ago!!! hello guitar hero
ugh wat did i do this time?
well   this sucks
alright sure pick on the stupid one thats cool!!
we like sports and we dont care who knows!!
my last status was tremendously funny but offencive so i  apologize to the offended party
"new years resolutions\i will stop considering other people's feelings when they so obviously don't consider mine - if that unwashed fellow sits next to me again, i'll tell him he stinks! why? itsthe011son"
"new years resolutions\i resolve to grow conan-ish beard upon my smooth <propfemale> babyface why?\itsthe011son"
<propfemale> of god tonight at 7 smile 0 to all theater kids come along and watch a great show
"new years resolutions \make my hair look like a <propfemale> pauly d!! why?\itsthe011son"
my body is trying to kill me and my xbox broke    this sucks
so i've got a dilemma now  sad 
so school tomorrow   no more sleeping in   no more long nights   unless by homework  and the very possible <propmale> i'm getting yelled at   whoopy haha
"so first day back and i was told \\you look more pale than usual!\"" haha"""
i would like to appologize to everyone in hello <propfemale> for me not being in it anymore     i feel like a theater whore     
is liking your own status like making making your own sandwich?
the real micky <propmale> was a <propfemale>
haha bring on the crazies
just so everybody knows i owwwned mr  murdock today by knowing more about <propmale> and <propfemale>
she let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater
"mr  murdock \in alabama it's ok to play strip poker with your sister?\"" \",7b2cbc4523600de7141361e90677e9dc,so get your knees flexin and your arms t-rexin
i always make women breakfast after a fantastic night ~ <propfirst> potter
"cop   why you tweekin bro? \cuz he's really there     and my license is e playful ired"
i've decided i'm having a <propfemale> keisel beard
today <propmale> goodell privately met with <propmale> roethlisberger    one of the only people willing to meet with him alone
well since its superbowl's <propfemale> i'd like to end the day by saying green & yellow
i'm excited for the super bowl   but almost as excited that there will be a halftime show with people who aren't practically dead!!!
just so everyone knows i'm only sorta jumping on the packers wagon    i simply chose the team without a rapist leading it 
only time its acceptable to where green and yellow is when the word packers is on
big <propmale> is getting raped  oh how the tables have turned
half-time fail
everything to say about the packers has already been said   way to go packers!!!! and keisel  your beard rocks
i'm pretty sure i've liked around 20 things in the last 20 <propfemale> packers all the way!
man i hate not being able to sleep  especially when i know i'll be dying at school tomorrow
longest day of my life   
so what was the best super bowl commercial?
no one man should have all that power
school sucks without facebook   especially  when i'm the only person on
m i t  = asians and e playful ectations - <propmale> <propmale>
wow thoroughly depressing week
i just watched 127 hours   wow i totally take life for granted at least i'm not a self amputated rock climber
oscars best actor firth vs franco (franco all the way)
i need a celebrate look alike   i mean trace has similar features to <propfirst> bacon  we all know who <propfemale> looks like   who am i ?
darn <propfemale> nights now i can't sleep   well i couldn't anyway to much on my mind but still   blame the wind
i love pick up lines   the more ridiculous the better!
i am whatever you say i am  if i wasn't then why would you say i am?
i always get such a sense of achievement when i finish hard homework   to bad its about 2 weeks late
its like eating a samich without meat   just not quite as satisfying
i hate how espn has the same sportscenter playing all day long in an unending loop 
i think most politicians could take a dodgeball in the face 
fresh <propmale> of bel-air rerun's made my whole month of february
just got the most legit soccer cleats ever     i'm officially ready for soccer season
is it a good thing that i can quote certain movies and tv shows word for word?
there aint no rest for the wicked
whats better than making a samich at 11:11? having sombody else make you a samich at 11:11
soccer season is definitely gonna be fun this year
just got the best soccer cleats ever made
boiler up
man dont sneak up on me like that i almost staaaabed you!
i hate reports   especially when they are due tomorrow      darn procrastination
"\he's like a groundhog   he never leaves his hole\"""""
it's not what you say but how you say it
i hate when people think my whole life revolves around them 
foreigner was legit tonight great job cast!!!!
remember when you were planning to go to bed an hour ago? oops
"most gratifying thing to be told as an actor\\your only a freshmen? keep doing this!!!\"" great job everyone terrific job!!"""
if you're first you're first if you're second you're nothing
"soccer isn't about how quick you are, its about how quick you play"
moral if the story? always stretch before soccer 
best soccer practice yet     probably because of no conditioning!!!
"fun week, lots of soccer, can't wait for the season!!!"
i should definitely become a chef
are oranges called oranges because they're orange? or is the color orange called orange because of the oranges?
injuries suck   end of story
so far so good with my bracket
"so i started the game, but then was out after 4 minuets   darn knee"
all good things must come to an end
that is why i stick to soccer
it could be worse   i could have no knees at all
finally the knee is working  i can now get down to some serious soccer
every singer has to make some song that is sappy and unrealistic to appeal to women
days like today make it real easy to not like specific people
sunday comes after saturday? never would have guessed
