10bde50d8e956f39d9f426b09c9fb15f
watching <propmale> on tv    used to live in pennsacola  fla  this is sad   tar balls all over the beach
i have a son <propfirst> higgins jr  who is a dealer at harrah's casino in cherokee n c  if you sit at his table say hello for me!!
is wishing everybody a very safe and happy 4th of july  drive safe and sober and arrive alive!
having thunderstorms and tornado warnings all around us in northwestern n c  how is it there in the eastern part of n c ?? (outer banks) to be specific)the fish really are bountiful in this type of weather they say!!
those temptations are fantastic in the day!!what a blast from the past! good movie!!
let me remind you today is a present(gift) from god    so don't look back to yesterday or forward to tomorrow    if you do you miss the present (gift) from god 
<propfirst> chap 6 verse 34
it's great to hear from you <propmale>!! yes i do love atlanta but no i do not am not ever gonna want to live there    lol
can we please take a break from all this bs and go water skiing   perhaps you need to take a day off too!!
i dunno!!! but ima thinkin i like that country song! just dunno who sings it     god is great    beer is good and people are crazy    yes a good ol' song by a good ol' country boy!!!
i just got a cafe world bonus here http annoyed  www cafeworldbonus com
to thine own self be true    
god is great     beer is good and people are crazy     
people who want to do something find a way people who don't find an excuse!!!!
"perhaps instead of growing old, we'll grow up!!"
you can bs your friends and i'll bs my friends but lets not bs one another!!
celebrating 43rd anniversary tomorrow    we adore one another and still kiss goodnight and hold hands    we know how to move mountains and pay no attention to the small stuff    we have no great wealth but our love is sufficient for life   god we are blessed!!
my very special sweet adorable cousin has gone to live in heaven with our lord jesus christ i will miss her profoundly  <propfirst> i will celebrate your life as you would want me too  oh how we loved to talk about jesus christ together  she now is in his presence and that is truth  my very favorite friend  i shall see you again very soon 
there are a lot of transitions in our life and i am howling at the <propfemale> to let out the stress   awwwooooooooooooooooooooooawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooo
small minds talk about people     average minds talk about events    great minds talk about ideas!! <propfemale> <propmale>
