b0063904d627b4e7f6121757d3ceb550
had a good couple days smile 
is going to go yell at sprint people   again they better give me a new phone this time or im going to be more than a little mad
has two finals tomorrow annoyed 
only one more final then im home free yay!!!!
got put in a triple   i wants to trade  sad 
is going to make up biochemistry tomorrow considering the fact that i have yet to start studying    
is done with finals yay!!!
is sleeping in tomorrow and spending the whole day with <propmale>  love 
is graduating high school tomorrow   im getting old lol
is graduating today  smile  yay no more high school
is a graduate and had so much fun at project graduation that i lost my voice from laughing   thats a new one
is sick on the first day of summer annoyed 
just saw the propsal with <propfirst> after drinking monster it was funny
misses <propmale> and wishes <propfirst> would not have the flu sad 
has a horrible really bad cold and pink eye what a combo  everything hurts  sad     why am i always sick?
prob has caught lindsays lovely flu and pink eye   it feels my ear is e playful loding but it is still attached to my face annoyed  why am i always sick???
finally gets to go meet <propfirst> at ritas yay and my rooms offically changed so double yay!!!
thinks cell phone batteries should last longer  sad 
just got back from the most epic battle around lake mohawk ever  lmao  smile 
gets to go to a bbq and see fireworks with <propmale> tomorrow  smile 
is 4th of july fun  smile 
had a really fun time today and is all happy and hyper  laugh 
's head hurts  sad 
just got back from mountain creek after almost being attacked by a snake!!
lakehouse today with <propmale> and <propfirst> woot  smile 
just had an awesome 38 hours  smile 
's mind is all jumbled  i kinda want to go to the beach really bad
needs to get out of the house and clear her head
needs to get out of the house and clear her head people need to be around   maybe ill just lay under the stars for a while once it gets dark
really wants to lay in the sand and smell the waves they always make me happy again no matter what
is doing much better now  smile 
is going to the doctor today for her mouth which could hurt from her ear    its just cuz the stars are aligned weird and everything is out to get me until they go back to normal  sad 
is all confused  what is wrong with my face??? it just hurts for no good reason that the doctor found today   off to a specialist   make it stop!!!
might have lyme and they put me on some meds that make me feel like death   fantastic sad 
really wants to go to the beach smile 
is going to have a fun week  smile 
is going into the city today  smile 
would like to know why my brother is such a weirdo   
tomorrow will be an interesting day  annoyed 
is wondering where the hell summer went its already almost august darn annoyed 
is really bored  annoyed 
just finished reading her summer reading book for college thank god the reading part is over  now i have to write a paper but first a well deserved break including actual food and movie and maybe mindless videogames
is going to point pleasant tomorrow with the family  this should be fun
apparently isnt going to the beach tomorrow but im going saturday when it isnt supposed to rain  that would make the beach more enjoyable  smile 
apparently isnt going to the beach tomorrow but im going saturday when it isnt supposed to rain  that would make the beach more enjoyable  smile  and in case people want to laugh my brother who smells like garbage just fell down some stairs lol
really hates the pile of boxes and suitcases in her room along with the empty drawers that are being filled by my sisters who are taking over my room the second i leave  sad 
lovess <propfirst>
thinks <propfirst> is amazing
"is going to mountain creek tomorrow with my family, <propmale> and <propfirst> yay  smile "
has a very interesting mix of emotions
is really glad that she isn't home tonight and finds her parents a <propmale> ridiculous
is not looking forward to tomorrow
is really sad and needs some cheering up something awful
is going to the store for a bit for college things
's day just went downhill
kinda wishes she had a shoulder to cry on right about now  annoyed 
leaves for college in 24hours  annoyed 
leaves for college in 22 hours and is so nervous  annoyed 
is off to college and misses <propmale>
is leaving for college well it was supposed to be an hour ago but yeah   doesnt help teh nerves to be behind and have to rush to move in and i miss <propmale> insane amounts  i love you baby  love 
is having a realy bad day  one problem after another because the school hasnt been paid yet  annoyed  they dont need anymore money anyway
is soaked and cold  sad 
"is soaked, cold and misses <propmale> already  sad "
has had a pretty bad day  annoyed  i just washed my pants in the sink and tackling the lovely mountain of homework before it gets too big annoyed 
is doing her mountain of homework at college and my family is on vacation annoyed 
is doing chem homework what treat
likes the idea of sunday chinese food night smile 
has to go to chem lecture and math today and misses <propmale> lots
is done with classes for the day  smile  tomorrow is going to be hell though   3hour chem lab then chem discussion right after then calc for an hour and fifteen minutes  sad  not fun
has decided that ithaca is getting a bit too cold a bit too early  and i miss <propmale> lots 13days love 
is loved lots by <propmale>  smile 
7 hours!!!!
is sick annoyed 
has had the worst thursday of all time   
just got back from the gym and is now doing her massive pile of chemistry and math homework
is coming home to see <propmale> tomorrow smile  most fantastic bf ever smile  love you lots
is home smile 
movie marathon and popcorn yum  smile 
is getting ready for thanksgiving  smile 
has nothing to do   monster later yes!!!
just finished my last prelim yay!
?????????????????????????????????????
wishes that i had a rechargeable freakin camera  i miss the one back home  annoyed 
will be crying for a while   
is shaking for no apparent reason and feels like chemistry just just enter my brain through osmosis cuz i cant remember shit   
is her giving her life away to chemistry with j m  <propfemale> for the time being
's brain has melted
finally taking a little break   gonna eat soon with <propfemale> shao
's tummy hurts
is jumping up and now and get impatient
<propmale> is here!!! and we have <propmale> and <propfirst>'s  smile 
home
has decided burying bodies in the frozen tundra is difficult
i have a skating rink in front of my house awesome!!!
"'s agedna for today and tomorrow: watch a movie, bake cookies, go sledding, build a snowman, have a snow ball fight, go ice skating in my front yard, make hot choloate and curl up under a blanket   smile "
dear clouds i would like some better snow that can be made in snowballs and snowmen    thank you
isnt feeling so fantastic right now
gets to see <propmale> in the morning  smile 
feels awful sad 
<propfemale> christmas everyone smile 
just spent the entire day acting like a small child
is going to the hospital bright and early for some lovely tests   yipee!
is not feeling so hot right now but i gets to see <propmale> tomorrow  smile 
wishes i was back in the sunshine   
"monster is amazing   doctor tomorrow then god food    be jealous be very jealous oh and ians coming, hes lucky"
would like to get out of the house and do something exciting
is having a bad day again  sad  my stomach must really hate me and i dont get to see <propmale> for two days
just made colored sugar cookies in odd shapes with kaitlyn   sooo yummy  smile 
really wants these next couple of days to last for a very long time
no one else else has done this to me   we could sail away for ever more
"anyone have a stat, microbiology, or dsoc book??? please???"
"anyone have a stat, microbiology, or dsoc book??? please??"
is all sad that <propmale> is at school now
is going back to school tomorrow and really doesnt want to yet sad  where did the break go sad 
this morning i eat a paffle now i own one and hes so cute  smile 
everyone pray for paffle
s super tired from classes today and is not excited to be back at all now  9-3 sucks on mondays and i watched paffle die  sad  rip paffle
has freaking homework already  18 credits may not be as easy as i thought
had a dream about killing pet fish last night   poor paffle
is not feeling so hot today and has discovered flight annoyed 
one and a half asians
 sad 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? cement ? mixer ?
is feeling uber sick sad  again sad 
still feeling like shit and wants so like real food instead of the cherrios in my room sad 
still feels icky
sick and bored sad 
sick still and has a lot of work all the time
is in a very good mood right now smile 
well good moods dont last forever
 sad 
lets make rainbows
had a horrible day walking through the slushy snow  it wasnt helpful that a bus hit some slush while i was walking next to it    
another bad day sad 
is the best girlfriend in the world  smile  (written by <propmale>)
has had a very long frustrating day   again
is currently too tired to function   i got 9hours of sleep wtf annoyed 
just had to sprint to baker in under 3 <propfemale> to turn in my hw before 2pm  it still hurts to breathe annoyed 
and j m  <propfemale> are constructing a robot for ians arrival  smile 
"was greeted by professor usher the first day by him saying \welcome to hell\"" and i'm really hoping tomorrows prelim does not take me to the firey underworld  at least i have cheesecake"""
doesn't like her stomach right now  at least tomorrow is supposed to be <propfemale> 
is super super thirsty
spring break in two more days thank god
home tomorrow!!!!
home in less than 24 hours  smile 
leaving ithaca in less than 17 hours    the countdown begins
has joined a cult that worships wimpish cucumbers
can't shake the mental image of irrelevant cavities
just doesn't get glabrous donkeys
gets aroused by teflon quadrupeds
one more class then ice cream with sprinkles   then home!!!
is home!!!
is back at <propmale>   
hopes tomorrow goes well 
loves the warm  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
would love to know who decorated her door so amazingly  smile  thank you  smile 
"thank you j m  <propfemale>, <propfemale> briggs and <propfirst> aberegg for the wonderful decorations  smile  love you guys  smile "
<propmale> has just sent me awesome flowers cuz im all important and special (not in a bad way)  smile 
loves getting out of an hour and 15min class an hour early  smile  awesome  chem is going to be awful though   a smoothie awaits me when im done though
aggggg prelim annoyed 
hates student center!
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything???
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything??? if anyone is taking microbiology or dsoc 1101 i have the books  smile 
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything??? if anyone is taking microbiology or dsoc 1101 or <propfemale> stats i have the books  smile 
it hurts to move my arm    
just made the most delicious slightly undercooked cookies ever  laugh 
the chem prelim grade made going to english a bit better today
is not feeling so great
is debating going out in the rain for a cookie   
snow really!?!
22 days and counting   
no more warm ooey gooey cookies downstairs for me to eat  crying 
bored out of my mind  totally don't want to study do work right now
"dear retarded stomach, please stop hurting so i can sleep and not feel sick all the time  thank you <propfemale>"
dear     - arm please stop twitching all the time - stomach stop hurting and making me feel like im going to e playful lode all the time or like i can't walk places and other stuff its getting old  -leg i dont want you to be in pain all the time it bothers me - throat why do you feel like you are closing up a <propmale> thats not very good   thanks  at least there is canada  smile 
is having a lovely conversation with <propmale> and my mother with me and <propmale> logged onto my facebook at the same time    talk about confusing
16 days  love 
"1 class, 4 finals, 1 ten <propfemale> paper, and 14 days to go"
nothing is worse than a loud carnival outside your window when you have a killer headache annoyed 
"4 finals, 1 paper and 12 days to go"
going a little stir crazy in my room   hate finals annoyed 
is feeling a <propmale> sick from all of those insanely delicious undercooked cookies today
"if anyone wants dsoc, microbio, <propfemale> stat or chem books let me know before i try to sell them back"
"if anyone wants dsoc, ns1150 or chem books let me know before i try to sell them back"
studying puts me in such an awful mood
would like to just curl up into a ball   finals are killing me
is going home in a week
one week and three exams to go
is going crazy annoyed 
141 hours til i leave
135 hours til i leave
122 hours
103
99
97
95
79
70
58
2 days and 1 hour and 1 more final from summer  laugh 
1 day and 9 hours and 1 more final from summer  laugh 
1 day and 4 hours and 1 more final from summer  laugh 
is leaving in 24 hours after my stat final
has an exam from 2-5 and then leaving at 630  laugh 
home laugh 
cant wait to leave her dysfunctional family for the day tomorrow
would like to go back to school now
had a lovely time in canada and came back to discover she passed all her classes smile 
on my way to the er   fun memorial day
looking for summer work ideas   any suggestions for places hiring?
needs something to do wed and thurs any ideas?
beach next week yay!
wants to do something exciting   
would not like to sit home everyday anymore im going stir crazy here
had a pretty good night with <propfemale> gartside today and i would like to just point out yesterday i climbed a small mountain in flip flops while carrying a tree 
only a few weeks left in sparta
im going to the shore  laugh 
's stomach is about to pop from all the food at <propfemale> garden but at least im <propmale> than i was before
is going to learn how to make biscotti today yay
 sad 
should have a new baby cousin today  smile 
saw a fish with no eyes today   
going to see little cousin <propfemale> tomorrow  not even in the world a day and we already bought her a lederhosen or as close as we could find lmao
bored out of my mind sad 
just held little gretta   now time for birthday cake
is still super happy but i feel super weird cuz inception blew my mind   4 hours later i still don't feel right 
six flags tomorrow  smile 
just went 128mph in 3 5seconds   
is already packing for school   
is has most of my packing done for school   so weird going back  where did the summer go?!?
leaves in a week   
sees fluffy pink elephants when she closes her eyes    haha memories
had a fun time this weekend watching <propmale> myre have more fun on the playground than a five year old
is leaving for florida on friday and then leaving right for school 
will be in the sunshine state in 36 hours
on the road for fl be there in about 20 hours  text me smile 
just went on <propmale> potter seven times
maddi is an intergalatic slut
in disney with school only five days away
last full day in disney tomorrow
leaving fl today for jersey 
 sad 
school tomorrow
leaving early tomorrow for <propmale>
<propmale> bound!
here come visit me bethe 422c
had a really rough night sad 
anyone want to trade a single in <propmale> bethe for another single?
physics is already consuming my life   
12 hours in the past two days have been devoted to physics and i'm not even halfway through chapter two   
anyone wanna do something fun this weekend?
just got back from concerting with julie smile 
is not looking forward to my lab tomorrow sad 
anyone want to gorge jump at some point?
orgo lab tomorrow ahhhhhh annoyed 
bad day sad 
physics quiz today unit 1 wish me luck  hopefully i wont need a retake already
is hoping today will be better
doesn't know what to do   
just got the floor ripped out from under me  where do i go from here
has the best mommy smile 
"lobster racing, bbq, and shopping before school  should have broke up with him sooner lol"
is kinda sick of getting messed with  the next guy that says he wants to marry me and will love me forever better mean it 
4 labs in under two hours   impressive smile 
has make-up orgo lab tomorrow morning at 8 sad 
had a rough night
thinking about studying in england or australia next spring anyone want to go with me?
not having a good day   
lets hope today is better 
foam party was awesome!!!
thinking of adding an easy course to kill some time any suggestions?
"i trusted you, you were the firstthen you lied and it get's worseyou broke me downnow just look aroundwho's all alone?who's all alone now?\i'm sick and tired of the mess you made menever gonna catch me cryoh whoa whoayou must be blind if you can't seeyou'll miss me til the day you die"
never be with someone that dulls your shine
would like to know if there are any nice guys out there that arent gay or taken
well today has kinda sucked this weekend will hopefully make up for that smile 
is going to maui over winter break smile 
is really sick annoyed 
feels like death what a wonderful way to wake up two mornings in a row 
in 5 hours orgo will be over and i will be enjoying a movie and popcorn smile 
would like to do something very fun this weekend please
live tv on my phone!!!!!!!
anyone have a tv or know of lounge watching greys tonight?
"my latest email \i want my penis sucked  will you be here tonight?\"""""
feeling a little overwhelmed   
is excited for later smile 
is out with my twin <propfemale> drummond on this fine saturday night to have some fun  smile 
is bored annoyed 
london or australia for abroad   cant decide annoyed 
it takes skill to lock yourself out of your room in a bath robe annoyed  fml
my parents are letting me go abroad!!!!!
went to the stacks for the first time today   wondering why everyone finds that they should have sex there at some point during there <propmale> journey
has completed my new three panel masterpiece for my wall  smile  yay no more insane asylum white  smile 
will be visiting the uk and australia instead of hawaii during winter break  smile  fantastic trade off!!!
life is absolutely perfect right now smile  soooo excited for london and australia  smile 
"is going to london, australia and now <propfemale>  smile  life is amazing  smile "
insanely happy even while ithaca has turned into a giant muddy river and im not feeling so great 
looks like i will be taking that physics test again sad  at least greys will be online soon
mon objectif: je vais apprendre <propfemale> francais avant je vais en <propfemale>   smile 
mon objectif: je vais apprendre <propfemale> francais avant d'al<propfemale>r en <propfemale>  smile 
would like to do something exciting  smile 
meeting a famous cardiologist today
tomorrow morning is going to be interesting   
surrounded by all the people that love and care about me   i will get thru this day ad do what needs to be done
enjoying my apple
is going to feel like a chicken with its head cut off until i figure out what to do   
take what you wantsteal my pridebuild me upor cut me down to sizeshut me outbut i’ll just screamim only one voice in a millionbut you aint taking that from me
is wondering    yes or no?
"i'm the only one that's in command cuz i'm the only one who understands, like i'm the only one who knows my heart, baby i'll tell you all my secrets that i'm keepin', you can come inside and when you enter, you ain't leavin'"
well the past 24 hours have been awful
cannot wait to get out of the us in december and january
is taking a poll  for those that know what im talking about yes or no?
take what you wantsteal my pridebuild me upor cut me down to sizeshut me outbut i’ll just screamim only one voice in a millionbut you aint taking that from me
i like it on the giant table with all the tas
i like it throw up against the window
when it all boils down at the end of the day its what you do and say that makes you who you are 
knows what i want to do the question is am i too afraid to do it
"you forgive to free yourself, and you demand justice because the world deserves it"
oh tonight shall be fun
skype with <propfirst> dalcourt then <propfemale> garden smile  ordering my droid today  smile  then shopping and bowling tomorrow and maybe corn mazing it up!!!
all or nothing   you know me i have to go for all 
leaving for ithaca in an hour smile 
back at cornell   so tired from the drive from hell   
deep breathes   
tonight is going to be full of shenanigans smile 
anyone want to go out with me tonight?
o my night was amazing  smile 
let a night of adventures begin   
can't wait for the bestie to visit me  smile 
pulling my own hair out   
wooooo
cant escape orgo for more than 12 hours   not cool
shadowing a doctor this summer smile 
6 hours of physics later my brain hurts and only one thing will make it better  smile 
my fish looks bored   id buy him a mate but all he'll do is eat it  sad 
"\like\"" my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  what's on my shirt right now  9  challenge you to post this  ("""
friday  laugh 
good end to a bad day  smile 
last night was fun but now i have to figure out organic chemistry  sad 
studying for physics is not exactly what i want to do today   cant wait for thursday and friday and saturday and maybe sunday  smile 
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% of people will not post this as their status  be one of the 3% who do post it, for at least an hour; in honor of those who died because of cancer, and the ones still fighting it  ?"
wants to live a life that is unpredictable and exciting  smile 
welcome back perfect scores ive missed you so  smile 
does anyone know a super easy human ecology i could take this semester?
has anyone taken photo? how was it?
let the festivities begin  smile 
lets end this awesome day right  smile 
fantastic night  smile 
yes i am a sailor and i like to be surrounded by seamen  smile  i love <propmale>  love 
my bestest friend <propfirst> puccio is visiting in may!!!!!!!!
3 spots remaining in my car to travel back to the mystical land of sparta for thanksgiving anyone interested?
"is a bone marrow donor  smile  make a difference, save a life"
waiting for someone to rock my world  smile 
anyone need a ride back to north jersey for thanksgiving break?
theres no wiping this smile off my face  smile 
all i want to do is trade this life for something new  smile  and thats what im doing  smile 
oh thursday i love you  love 
wishes the next two weeks would just be over annoyed 
oh thanksgiving please come quickly and save me from these exams  smile 
phone please come already im going through some pretty serious withdrawal symptoms   family is visiting today  smile 
new phone has arrived  smile 
relapse after two months of being perfectly fine  sad 
anyone interested in carpooling to north jersey for thanksgiving
ride to north jersey for thanksgiving anyone?
"trying to find the strength to not let this pain win, not to go to the hospital   again and to ace these three prelims somehow magically"
is wondering if i have a better <propmale> at learning orgo by putting it under my pillow as a sleep and hope it enters my brain thru osmosis   
"after giving up on orgo last night and skyping <propfirst> puccio for three hours, i probably should attack the giant mountain of things to learn   or watch tv  yeah tv's good"
finally understands the origin of thirsty thursday    all the <propmale> orgo students needed something after their awful exam   
orgo check  smile 
needs to go out   anyone know of anything at all?
anyone need a ride back to north jersey for thanksgiving??
will be heading to a pajama rave tonight smile 
had the best dancing e playful erience of my life  smile  fantastic saturday night  smile 
anyone need a ride back to jersey for thanksgiving???
has had one of those where crying seems appropriate   
i could really go for a rave right now   at least with everything that went wrong today i have no stupid ass boy drama to make it more complicated smile 
ready for a night of wishing with <propmale> and zin  smile 
one final and one 7 <propfemale> paper until freedom  smile 
got an a in physics!! now to write that essay    
and let party week continue  smile 
very fun weekend smile  let it continue  smile 
is going home tomorrow  smile  yay thanksgiving  smile 
one class and a 3 hours drive away form home smile 
jersey time smile 
came home greeted by a giant caramel apple and chinese food 
cooking thanksgiving dinner for my family    then shopping with mommy at 3am  smile 
my brother has little people in a bag around his neck   damn boyyyy
back out shopping didn't sleep much    black friday is intense
laser tagging later !!!
let my sister pierce my ears today  stay at two holes or get three?
loves how my blonde lil sis thinks san fransisco is a state lmao
would like to point out to rihanna that i had that bright red hair shes sporting like five years ago   i started that trend lol
randomly thinks a florida road trip with some buddies would be a great way to spend part of the summer  smile 
my ears that my sis pierced are a little infected   wonder why   
let the weekend begin laugh 
bucking it up tonight hopefully  laugh 
has a black twin  smile 
formal tonight  smile  this is going to be a kick ass study break!!
after an awesome formal e playful erience i just realized i a) have little brain function to actually study organic chemistry and b) it is in fact monday not the weekend
3 <propmale> now back to orgo until thursday    sounds like a fun few days  freedom is so close
hmmm guess i'll conform     the # game: send me a number (1-500) to my inbox and i'll tell you how i really feel about you w out anyone knowing who im talking about on my status  or ask me a question and ill respond w  your #!
2 - first off you always have really awesome profile pictures just as an observation  second i dont know you fantastically well but you seem like a really fun person and i think we should <propfemale> more 
64 5 - well i met you this year which was a little weird considering you lived in my town and i met you in college but anyways you have been a little mia lately and youre really fun to <propfemale> around plus i have multiple stories for you  we need to get together soon! o and we still need to hit up a party together girl!!!
20- you are so sweet you are the only person on this campus that has offered to <propfemale> all of my very heavy bags right to my door   smile 
dancing off the excess energy i have  smile 
would like to know where exactly any parties are on thursday night so after orgo i can enjoy myself smile 
was anyone able to get on blackboard to look at the practice orgo exam that could possibly make me a photocopy?
<propfemale> <propfirst> is awesome  smile  thanks for relieving some of that stress girl!!
will be studying forever   
tomorrow night will hopefully make up for how awful orgo will be  laugh 
does not want to remember today    
would like to get my party on!!! where can i go?
has restored light   i'm god! hope that is reflected in my orgo grade
would like to go out now   
"i have successfully not studied for two hours by starting to pack, watching the office and reading texts from last night  smile "
in 24 hours i will be done  laugh 
just raped an exam and got an a on my paper  i'm done! party time!
doesn't really want to leave   
is back in sparta!
has saved little <propfirst> and is now safely keeping him locked away in my house  laugh 
"well today i learned two things: one plumbing supplies have very dirty names and two my dad is no longer allowed to \fix\"" things cuz when he tries our house no longer has heat annoyed """
just got to pretend i was chinese while driving maddi to the er 
while at the er with my sis i met a transvestite that punched a mailbox and broke two fingers
my blonde lil sis seems to believe a) japan is a state and b) italy is a part of spain   
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile  off to ct then florida!!
my brother has his nails painted   now i understand why his gfs have looked like they have dicks
just saw a commerical with two pieces or cereal licking eachother and getting happy   
wishes it was warmer
just got back from a morning run and a swim   time for the beach!
needs to start being productive and do my abroad application before the festivities tomorrow  smile 
today is a good day   shopping then girls night!
and the night begins  smile 
sisters birthday dinner then bowling with the fabulous <propfirst> dalcourt
is currently debating with my sister how mermaids have babies   any interesting suggestions???
playing in the snow in bathing suits in 20 min   o this should be interesting    
does anyone who has taken ns 3410 know if the interactive part of the book is necessary or not?
my brother is getting his hair cut   maybe he will come home not looking like a girl this time    
out for the night  smile 
anyone need a ride to <propmale> monday?
leaves for <propmale> monday!!! rush  love  !!
is so sick that im hallucinating that my fish has transformed into a shark and is now eating the hopping bunnies in my room    
"ok really bad bronchitis pneumonia, sinus infection and maybe the flu you win   "
four day of classes and im already a bit overwhelmed    
 smile 
figured out the cure for viral bronchitis pneumonia  smile 
its monday and i already can't wait for friday   this is gonna be a long week
abroad applications are done minus signatures and letters of recommendation    what professors should i get?
my school paid me to watch porn today   
spent 6 hours in physics today    going to london better be worth my insane class combo
is adopting the work hard play hard philosophy and this weekend better make up for this week
lets hope tonight is as fun as the last or better  laugh 
i would call this a very successful weekend
anyone have some dry rice   
has obtained rice  laugh  no phone today
should prob start the assignments due tomorrow now   
i think i should just become a lesbian   any thoughts lol
yayayayayayyyyyy!!!
is a new member of <propmale> ems  smile 
who wants to teach me orgo???
does anyone have a spice girls outfit i could potentially borrow??
abroad application is in! so excited!!!!!
had a fairly fantastic evening but i really wish orgo wasnt at 9am   
where did that large bruise on my knee come from    
does anyone have a tube dress i can borrow pretty please
i prob should have have touched my orgo book before today   
now understands that going out 8 out of the last 14 days was not the best idea   however it was very fun  smile 
loving this weather!
love my mommy and her valentines day boxes!
orgo is slowly rotting my brain   thursday night cant come soon enough  smile 
"ok so i need plans for thurs, fri and sat   what are my options people???"
blew my headphones again     good thing i brought backups this semester  smile 
brought a bag of chocolate to the library to study with  smile 
"photo shoot, dinner, orgo, party!!! could be a worse day"
where are people going out this evening??
any parties going on this fine evening i can attend???
"\i wanna feel your kiss for real  wanna feel your kiss for real\"""""
really wishes i went to the harvard game and didnt feel like shit   
ok where are the parties tonight people???
\so we dance and we laugh and we touch \,b0063904d627b4e7f6121757d3ceb550,party or study    vodka party  laugh  yay!!!
"my night in a nutshell   absurd amounts of alcohol, dancing, laughing, falling over, <propmale> jokes, directing airplanes, clothes in the hall n hotub time machine smile "
why do we have school on a holiday    
scored  smile  life win
whos not failing physics anymore    me  smile 
would like it to be the weekend now so we can properly celebrate a birthday  smile 
needs to realize that leaving facebook open at the office can be a dangerous life choice   
loves <propfirst> jannuzzi and <propfirst> ridgeway jannuzzi's absolutely fantastic package  smile 
randomly is super cold and doesnt feel well    at least i have delicious mountains of caramel apples!!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> is visiting in april hopefully laugh 
is already tired today and i get to spend the day doing physics   i want to dissect the eyeball again  sad 
food orgasm laugh 
is a giant snowball   
sick again    really???
its friday laugh 
anyone need a ride back to jersey for break???
strawberry    
just tore apart my room looking for the shoe i lost last weekend   half an hour later i went to get a drink from the fridge and there it was   some weekend smile 
at least there was cheesecake for breakfast  laugh 
snow day  laugh  should i jump around outside in bathing suit again or study???
after being the leading scoring this evening i've discovered my new back up career in inter tube water polo lmao
got approved to go to london!! those damn schools better accept me!!!
camping out in mann come say hi and keep me sane!!!
freeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
home soon  smile 
in sparta for 12 hours who's home
va id like to inform you its almost 90 degrees and i'm going to fuck shit up this weekend
drinking not to feel feelings doesn't work when they are strong  sad 
gonna be a fun last night at ur with my best <propmale> <propfirst> puccio  smile 
florida today smile 
thinking    
woke up in florida laugh 
after two hours of treasure hunting my dad found a bottle cap    wooo dream big
our hotel room is fucking kick ass!!!
can people please stop honking at me its annoying    thanks
"got invited to a party friday laugh  love being \smoking hot\"" lol"""
running with some serious thoughts  if you want me <propmale> me
attention fat girls at the beach: if you have a one piece black and white polka <propfemale> bathing suit you look like a cow    just saying
jet skiing!
sickest jet skiing e playful erience of my life with an amazing hot instructor smile  easily best vacation ever
gonna be in sparta a few hours in the morning anyone around?
going back to school a bit earlier than originally panned
party neutral to class must be friday laugh 
gonna party like its my birthday cuz it almost is  laugh 
skipping to north in the sunshine laugh 
sisters visiting friday!  laugh 
is now offically 20  smile  yayaya cookie cake soon  laugh 
trainees taking all the shifts i need one you keep taking them all before i get on!!
just woke up had another cookie and realized thats all i have eaten today       way to go birthday left overs
<propfemale> jannuzzi's coming today  laugh 
anyone blonde not using their <propmale> id tonight that i could borrow????
where in the sand is my id     
feels so alive  smile 
even sick you can see the <propfemale> in my eyes  smile 
even sick you can see the <propfemale> in my eyes  smile 
may regret this in the morning
not feeling good today sad 
loving this sunshine  smile 
its slightly too cold for this
after chilling outside for two hours i'm fairly certain i just saw a snow flake    
broken
 sad 
ok let's turn this into fire and go kick some orgo ass
worked out for three hours today   movie with the girlies  love 
happy 6th birthday to my baby sis smile 
who wants to play outside with me insttead of doing work?
shiny new piercing  laugh 
home in 19days  love 
attempting to work out with my new belly ring
<propfemale> brenner is amazing  smile 
when your printer tries to print and manages to get the paper stuck in a ball you cant get out and squirt ink like an octopus the semester should just be over
<propfemale> brenner is the bestest  smile 
