05a050a42d4a124753d2d1a277ad22e3
"i got an invite to google voice, its awsome!!!"
"my dog is starting to shed his fur, fml"
"on the train today, a couple invited me to a swingers event for this weekend  i found it flattering and funny  if anyone wants to know where its at i'll tell you  take pictures for me  lol  apparently these things are hard to find     "
is getting ready 2go2 da bears game
procrastination is a bitch
"my dog keeps getting out of his kennel everyday while i'm at work, lts pissing me off  not to mention i have attached 3 locks on the dam thing"
is getting use to early workout sessions instead of late night
sons of anarchy is awsome
is working
"good news i got my phone back, bad news my car got stolen  boy the good times just keep on coming!!!"
you know you live in a f^ neighborhood when you tell the bus driver to have a good night and she replies becarefull  smile 
"thanks <propfirst>, now i'm having flashbacks of our childhood  we were horrible, worst part is we got away with 90% of things we did  man i wish i was 9 again"
"lfl league philly passion vs chicago bliss on 12 18 09, who's down  pm me"
having second thoughts on my costume
"what was lessons learned <propfirst>, one of them was not to forget to feed it   lmao "
is <propfemale> sleepy
"is going to colorado in january, snowboarding is a must        "
"just confirmed, my dog is racist "
"<propfirst> diaz v  paulie malignaggi ii (hbo)   guess who's going  \this guy\"""""
why wont this day go any faster and end already         
"who ever wants an invite to google voice let me know, i've been using it for almost a year and its kick ass  saves on home and cell phone bills  its like a third phone #, the calls connect where you ever you want them to connect such as your cell or home "
"just seen avatar in 3d  pretty kick ass  if your going to see it, you must see it in 3d!!!  its way better in 3d"
dark beer sucks!!!!!
day 6 of using the dog kennel and so far the basterd got out 4 out of the 6 times  apparently he's telling me theirs 3 different ways he could get out but he's not showing me the 4th 
needs a new phone
movie being made on the orangeline @ wabash adams 
has finished filing his taxes
lost my phone again           
sucks having no cellphone for a week!!!
"si la <propfemale> viene después de la muerte, yo no tengo prisa"
you'll never know how much i cared  i say hello and wish you well i never thought the day would come this may be the best for us all
getting ready to say goodbye to the one thing that made him sane and happy 
"?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ???????, ??? ???? ????? ????  ??? ???? ???? ????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ???? ???? ???"
treat others as they treat you    smile 
<propmale> angel beltran are you going to challenge the legend of legends 
of all days why does this have to be the day where i cant sleep 
i found both of my external  hd  smile 
"quote of the night \the worst thing about being lied to is knowing you weren't worth the truth\"""""
wow people tend to surprise me  i'm walking home from work pass by a guy taking a picture with his phone of a car that was 5 ft away that got hit and all their air bags including side ones dispersed  didn't think anything of it and kept walking  when i got to the corner like 2-3min later i see the fire dept coming  turns out the people were still in car  common sense would be to see if they were ok >=i
on my way to see the live taping of <propfemale> gots talent  like <propfirst> said <propfemale> doesn't have talent
"just got done with the show, had kick ass front row seats next to howie and <propfemale> osborne didn't know who the third guy was but got to meet them all  overall it was a good show "
taking my brother to the cubs game for his b-day
going in for my weekly massage therapy session  i love fridays 
won 2 00 in the mega million  i'm getting closer   
"at the victors  club celebrating jessicas bday, cubs player aramis ramierez and marmol  partying it up here "
midnight show!!
@ the place i said i would never go 
goin to volunteer my time @ a soup kitchen  ohh yeah
won our first softball game 4-1  undefeated season is inevitable 
why does physical therapy feels so good then hurts so bad  i leave bruised 
drinking on an empty stomach after a workout = light weight 
let's go blackhawks
"\women are like wolves  if you want one you must trap it  snare it  tame it  feed it \"" <propmale> schrute"""
"forgot his cell, now feels so empty inside "
why am i going out on a wednesday night 
free drinks all night  thanks <propfirst> for your hookups  def got to <propfemale> with u every week 
let's go hawks 
two more weeks of this crappy schedule and i go back to having a life!!!
an hour drive to st charles     only to find out i have to come back another day 
where's the paletero guy when you want him!!!
black hawks win <propmale> cup!!!!!!!!
"watching the world cup mexico vs south africa, then off to the parade   today is a good day to be starting work late "
let's go usa
wants to go to the gym but can't find the energy to go this late @ night  looks like 8am 2morrow 
1 more week!!!
1 more day!!!
on the bus with a crazy lady from yesterday is provoking the hell out of me  so far she refused to let me sit down  and smacked the window behind me and told me to f myself in sign language!
what to do?
"going to the gym if anyone wants to join me   cough \marco\"""""
and the day begins     
lets go mexico
wow! just saw the coolest thing ever  a bird e playful lode in midair  because it got hit by lightning!!!
was just told i will need surgery on my knee  sad 
"was hit on in the guys locker room, i was not flattered >=i"
both of my favorite teams are playing each other  who ever wins i hope takes it all  let's go mexico!!!
so i made a web gem offensive play @ 3rd where i slid between the 3rd basemens legs and flipped him over  i guess he wanted to fight cuz as i was running to score i felt a shove from behind  lol
on my way to jump out of a plane!!!
"1st to jump out, ski diving was f'n awesome!!!  coming back soon!"
getting ready to hit the road for a special someones wedding in cinci!!
leaving kentucky
on my way to the taste
enjoying the fireworks in tinley park
they're filming transformers in downtown now  pretty cool for those who want to check it out 
omg i can't take this pain!!!
"my little brother caught me with a phantom whaling right hook and made my nose bleed, i'm so proud of him  smile  lol"
is going under the knife august 4  can't wait!!!
what a horrible game i played 
finally the  day has come 
"nurses wanted: duration 4-6 weeks\-doesn't have to be licensed\\duties are but not limited to annoyed -assist in stretching\-light massages\-assist in walking\-assist in rehab @ the gym\-recreational activities ae, moivies,lunch, live sports games etc  \-cooking is a plus but not required\-sponge baths optional"
i f f
wants to go see the  e playful endables
roast of hasselhoff  awesome
happy birthday to my mother and <propfemale>  smile 
had a great personal work out now off to physical therapy  slowly but surely getting there 
"its been awhile since i last spoke and  ask how you were, how's life  wish i could still have those conversations but its been so long it would probably be weird if i asked  out of the blue  but hope all is well     smile "
wth!!! the bears injury's are getting ridiculous   
yawn    
i will be taking a 5 beer-beer <propfemale> as promised come thanksgiving christmas to prove a point  
weeee wee wee weeee
your never going to win the poke war!! just give up!
bored
20 bottles of delicious  wine on top of my fridge  hmm what to do   
don't feel like walkig a 5k anymore       
let's go bears!!! even though i betted against you 
forgot how much working nights sucked!!!
"mmmm, good day to cook out "
what to do   
it's time to take matters into my own hands and go after what i want   
i just dropped the one book i was getting into somewhere on state street  hope the person who picks up enjoys it   sad 
yay! no more physical therapy!!!
4 more hours before i own <propfirst> gonzalez on the court 
"\we must remember that many who served in our military never lived to be called veterans  we must remember many had their lives changed forever by e playful eriences or the injuries of combat  all veterans are examples of service and citizenship for every american to remember and to follow \"" -- thanks to all those who served on veterans day """
this cat is costing me money!
"let's go, team pacquiao!"
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, would rather have recieved gifts but i'll take what i can get  j k   smile   thanks again"
needs a massage!!
1 hour before i own <propfirst> gonzalez on the court!
why did it have to snow today!!!
ice coffee while waiting for the train   smile 
<propfemale> christmas to me and yeah you 2  smile 
loves my ipad
"last 2 years been the worst in my life, hopefully 2011 will the new beginings of redemption "
loves my volkano monsoon
f*** <propfirst> <propfirst> and the rest of the reps  of il with there 75% income tax increase!! they f^ and now we have to pay 
what kind of idiot shovels snow and puts no salt   my back is killing me!!
apparently i need glasses
wiped out twice in 1 week 
"well at least i won something, thank you greenbay"
slept 36 of the last 48 hrs
"omg, i need to last the night "
lost my phone ****
is hungry
