20d6a7550ff27e8ddaaa7e9d336b5572
dammit    thee best new year weekend ever!!! so fkn buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzddddd!!  at thee aunts!! came here  to get fkn twiastd!qqq ahhh gotta go    
"i guess you could say i overdid it last night, but it was so worth it    i havn't really had fun latetly, and im not getting any younger "
"lol    did ya know??!!??  i need some sleep, all month ive been going to bed late    need to rest for this week and weekend coming    making plans of making some plans   lol"
"not knowing what is going on or why? i get the 3rd, but im so used to it, i gotten it all my life, im trying to fix things, but i guess they like it the way it is    so i accept it  and hope them the best "
"when i'm actually happy for once, everyone hates me, but when i'm all fucked up, everyone's happy, well fuck this, i wanna be happy too and if you don't like it, what can i do? please you, before i please myself? como que no!!"
so not even stressin' anymore!!!!!!!!!!!  i feel like mc donalds-----im lovin' it!!!!
"went to orientation this morning, had a blast seeing my brothers friends, now im for sure, high school is gna be a walk in the park for him!! supa-thrilled!"
"lol    why do we run from things that feel so right, but know maybe its so wrong?  if we had the <propmale>? the question wouldn't be; would you take it, the question would be; would i?  i guess things are just not meant to be  so im happy just to talk and chill for awhile  you with yours and me with mine  still think about you though "
"if you are on mind? and my mind is going crazy, the joose will quiet it down, the joose will make it forget, so that it can heal  it is how it is, and if you dont change that, well then; there is no point "
"these times are plaid   but they`ve been worse      lol      dont think ill be going back there again     i made the mistake, now im payn for it     but man!! it was so worth it!!  tqm!!"
"soooo xcited!!! hopefully things go how i want them too!!! if it does, well then    my life will be so much simpler!!!! on my own is what i want, what i need!! i will work my ass off for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
so f'n hot   sweating out here at the ranch     barely going home     
"lol    the world and its insignificant blabber, don't they know all that sh*t don't matter?  smile "
the countdown for freedom has started    time to get my life back on track    time to do as i please!!  waitin' & waitin'!!
"oh mother    don't you know i win all my bets!!!!  but its on!!!  by christmas we  showing off  the real apple bottom dress!!  only one can win, but the outcome will be great!!!  *loving my mother!!"
if i said what was on my mind      i'd be in trouble    keepin' it to myself     lol     smile 
planning on taking it easy this weekend    don't feel like doing much     just wanna kick back and chill    even though i can't    i gotta get my stuff out the storage 
"so its official       i  sell avon  its pretty cool i guess    just answer the phone, take the order    and wait for it  to come in  easy as cake   smile "
 smile    and the puzzles have started to fall into place     i love this part of my life    its the perfect setting    no worries   no regrets   !!
i don't think i can hold back anymore     it's way to complicated    
"getting ready for the drop!! seeing whats  out there and having fun nevre hurt anyone !!  i tried to be good, tried to be nice, just can't keep me tied up inside !! and the old times have become the present again    i know i  shouldn't but no one will stop me     smile "
"i hate that people talk without any foundation    im not a mind reader, i just find out about everything     its nothing new, and i can give a shit  just so happens that no ones says it directly to me!!! and not the rest of the world    but like always    i always stay on top of the game  i don't need to be told what to do, i do it on my own, something that not everyone understands "
"blah!!!!!  no more crap,,, im already bummed as it is for losing the perfect job      need to keep looking forward    can't let it get to me, looking forward to love and romance     i need a distraction from all the crap, i might be crushing    and its been awhile since i let it hit me this hard, just to let you know    you make me smile everyday "
on second thought    i think ill wait to get pregnant!!!! lol    ill let you go first <propfemale>  : )
chillin on my couch watching movies with brendoh!!
eating pizza n watchn a movie      
"**trist, trist** im freaken tired of the calle    i just wanna be home  ima start walking again cause im getting fat again    fyi  i quit smoking     i wanna be able to hack running    im coming back kennedy!!"
ahhhh   avon    im in love with  fergie's new fragance!!!!!so awesome!!!!
chillin      listenin' to jams      have to get up and get ready though     its wednesday and love is in the air  : )
"im loving the people who love me, and laughing at the haters who hate me     you piss me off and yet i know its because you wish you were in  my life    lol     todays is thursday!!! lets celebrate!!!"
"i wanna see my bois tomorrow, but looks like this fever is going to keep me in bed  i hate getting sick, well see how it goez, i just popped a coedine "
fever is back    noooooo  i wanna go out!!!!
watchn' sex and the city the movie    but im falling asleep     so ima take my ass to bed   im buzzd     smile 
slowly but surly  things fall into place    the checklist becomes less and so does my stress level    im waiting for the stupid avon    ive been waiting 3-5 business days!!!!!!!!!!!
"omg, long day     so tired    i made tostadas!! lol, no i helped liz   who helped my mom make tostadas; which means: i watched  smile  waiting for saturday!!!!"
"watchn get smart, chilln' on my couch, sippn' some juice   "
"happpyyy  birthday again <propfemale>  i hope you didnt get in the water at your bbq and went down the slide and ended up really really sick  oh wait, no i did  :_)  man, thissss sucks so bad!!! i can't even talk!!  but your bbq was awesome!!  tirada en la cama con el flu "
im getting a lil better  i was able to get out of bed today    that means only a couple days and ill be good 
 smile  just my luck  when its not one thing     its the other!!! when the hell am i gonna get a break!!!
haha    been bored    been bullshittn     need some fun     tired of being sick    getting ready for october!!   smile 
stuck at home with the sickness   
*woke up giggigly today* and i love everything and everyone!! xcept fkn lilo!! i hate that damn cat!!!!!
"still coughing    but at least im outside again     so cool, so nice, weather is awesome!!  i have a secret!! and it makes me smile    i think of you and i think of it, and well, it could never be, and i'm happy still  i learned to let go of everything "
"i live in skandalasia!! haha!! i tell you, when you dont want them       there they are!!!"
i like it on the counter        
"hmm     on my mind??  smile  can't say    but i have to really clean this place, take a shower, and get ready    today is thursday, and i must celebrate "
"haha                 man last month i felt like crap     and i was all down, and now i love everybody!!  my life still sucks, but its just fun that people still care about me     thanx    ya makn me feel special!!!!!!!!1  i love you guys!!"
"\ should i smile cuz ur my friend or cry cuz that's all we'll ever be ! \"""""
happy birthday martha!!1!  i miss you girl     i hope you have fun today and all your wishes come true!!  i love you always     !!!!
what else? what else is there?  what more can i endure? its actions such as these that make me turn my back on the world push me to be not of it   time and time again 
"these days, they come and go, and all ive seen is how i should have stayed away "
why is one little thought     making a huge deal in my head   
"whats on my mind? fuck facebook and myspace    thats whats on my mind    im need a break from this laptop, so you wont see me on for awhile  either way  you have my number "
"oh my, im in love with pit bull!! i never would have thought i would, but i just can't seem to get over you since i saw that interview!! i love you guy!!"
"free movie, free popcorn, free drink, and a cool ass chilango last night; paranormal activity is so fucked up scary     i can't beleve i actually sat through the whole thing  and everyone knows how much of a p***y i am!!  to all the wusses out there, i don't recommend this film, but to those who like to see crazy ass une playful lained shit, knock your socks off, it comes out this friday!!"
"\maybe you should try the tomato basil\"" <propfemale>  hah!!   i fr*kn love sex and the city!!"""
if you dont have plans tonight    make'em!!  go watch paranormal activity 2!!  some skaryy ass sssshhhhttt!!
im too bored to do anything    im at home    thinking if i should go out or not     most likely    not    hmm    maybe the ranch? maybe some poker  *(poke her) hah   i think ima go <propmale>      loll   nahhhhh
"hah' had to pg-13 it on myspace cause of the kiddos        \whats all hard and soft at the same time taste wierd, but feels good going down your throat?? lol  "
"\where's the momma?\"" hahahahahahh   i just finished watching the dinosaurs!! havent see that sht in a long ass time!!  hahahaha such <propfemale> dinosaurs!!"""
just got home    gonna watch me some cable tv and chill tonight!!
ahhhh        and then i said go to hell cuase i dont giva damn m'fo!!!!  hahahahahaahhahah  waitin' n observin'!!
"hahaaha     buenos dias a todos    woke up in a good mood, well actually woke up witwith my cousin in the house and me ass naked    lol "
"and my world keeps turning round and round    hanging upside down never felt so fun!! hey jwoww, be ready saturday by 7!!"
blankness     someone please fill it with something   
hah  you try admitting yourself to the disturbed asylum    sh*t is awesome!! lol    mocospace is so funny     i tell you guys these days 
getting high off some cotton <propfemale>!!  : )
finally back home     im so tired!! like my throat hurts tired!! ugh     !!  : ) totally worth it!! haha!! happy halloweens!! all you!! lovn' it!! lovn' it!! have only slept like four hours!! ugh!!
is it all worth it in the end??  im not doing it to be seen as an angel    im doing it because it needs to be done    no one else is doing it    no one else cares!!
pure straight face sarcasm                    haaahhhhhh  my insides laugh themselves to tears!!
you monster  why would you want to upset me!!  life is meaningful and a blessing    be wise enough to be wise    ignorance is not an okay exuse!! how dare you!!!!!!!
hah!! watchn the simpsons    waiting for the ultimate only family guy!!  : )
"superlong day     but had me some fun !!  im missin, and crushn !!"
watching toy story 3 @ <propfemale>' : )  & playing on facebook!! got my phone stlolen!! so if ya text & they text back    ya sabes!!
i hate this weather!! makes my damn neck hurt sooooooo fukn bad!!
 smile  my feeties hurt   tired  but came home to the new guy  in my house!! : ) im gna take care of you till you can eat fkn lilo!!
work is so much funn!! just  got home    cant sleep  : p
am i that scarry thet people never seem to tell me shit to my face?? fuck you <propmale>!! and fuck <propfemale>!!
am i that scarry thet people never seem to tell me shit to my face?? fuck you <propmale>!! and fuck <propfemale>!
dammit my feeties hurt a bit    barely going mimis     
warm in my booties!! sleep never felt so good    ticking away till 2011!! livin' it up!!
i dont mean to laugh    but ha fucken ha!! what goes around comes around ten times harder!! my status: so happy!!
i guess it hurts to know that even if you wanna hate someone so bad    you just cant  it sometimes feels like no time has passed    which sucks!! cant be happy about the one you love suffering what he deserves to suffer  not for me to judge  
"the limit does not exist  come at me now that im am prepared, not back when i was down    kick me now that im standing straight forward ready to fight for what is right  surround me now by your lies, now that they don't affect me    ha  ha  ha  seems like i did get the last laugh  took awhile, but well worth it!! ha!!"
touch my body     la  la  la'ra!!  woahhhoaawooohooowoah!!
and things become clearer in the light    my need for this weakens with the hours    and victorious i shall be!!
im switzerland!! hahhhhhh     
soy loca cometida!! loca loca loca!! lmao    these bitches coming with the drinks    and im in mutha sleep mode     gotta go work tomorrow!! gotta go   they here!!
vua'la!!  my legs hurt           work is fun when u have a sexi huero there to play with!!  smile 
<propfemale> lo escrivo en espanyol para que no necesiten <propfemale> traductora    vayanse a chng'r toda su madr'!! y que?! te la <propfemale>!! y que!! fuck you!!
im happy to hear from you again    you made me smile today    its been so long  thanx 
i need a new boyfriend     this one sucks!! if you had me    would you take the time to care enough and not lose me??
its incredible when you think about    im the most faithful girl in the world    and yet you do everything in your power to lose me  maybe its your way of saying you really dont want me    maybe your only kidding yourself 
sleep is the only thing that quiets my thoughts     and then just brings me back to that one  i need a new life 
"i dreampt you last night   only we were on opposite ends  you looked at me with a sad eye, and the thought made me  wake up cold "
its be a flirt when your single   
there's nothn' secret about these santas!! lol    damnd' cheaters     so     im single and browsn' around    jus a lil' 411!!
one step closer to <propfemale>      wink  im killing myself to get where i want to be    but it will be worth it 
deny me  all  you want    everyone knows xactly how i feel either way    hah!! try all you want to destroy me    it only makes me stronger   smile 
facebook frenzzzy!!  loving all the haters!! make my day    make me smile!!
straight up?? with a twist of lemon    you know whats on my mind    or should i say who    chilln @ the auntz    with tha music as loud as possible!!
we repalced a gameboy with facebook and phones    how i miss the much simpler daze  ch'lln in the dodge   smile 
damn weather    makn me hurt!! gotta get ready for work in  a few    hah daytime tv is halarious!! happy birthday <propmale>!!
"<propfemale> christmas to me  its always going to be my fault    im always the one to blame    whatever    thats exactly why i dont drink around family  its time i stand up for myself,  its about time i started caring about my own life and not everyone else's "
my eyes are super puffy  good times i guess   
and yet another step closer to triumph!! so happy after a holiday of bullshit 
"what more would i want, but to have you how i had you  time has passed    the feelings have not    and i shove all the ts far back as my mind can take "
"ahhh     its like it all starts over again, the want, the need    can't help feeling like i could have had more, but i gave it up    to make someone else happy!! so tired of that sht    gna make me happy!! and fck whoever doesnt like it "
sleep is my only ally 
"i took a <propmale>    i tried    but seems i was too late, if only i were brave, perhaps    perhaps nothing; you are happy now  and nothing can change now  i happy for you, with you, and i'll always be   smile "
"if i had that <propmale>, trust me, hesitation would not be the problem    but the guilt afterward  oh the guilty pleasures    how my mind plays tricks on me "
im always in my own world    swimming in my mind    what a fkn fun place to be     laugh  i love it there    if only people knew what really goes on in there!!  smile 
"lol     laugh  @ home, playing volleyball with my thoughts    litterately     smile   your my own personal brand of katnip!! fukn loving it!!  laugh "
"im off this week    lol    awesome, gives me a <propmale> to plan the last night of the year, gotta go get the cigs, patron, and beer    gna party my ass off!! and im gna have some to take care of me the whole night!! so no worries     smile   im thinkn' of you my katnip!!"
"damn, i hate to drift off and remember all the thngs i used to do    cause now i miss it so much     & i will never forget that time i got locked out of my own apartment!!"
i think turning 23 should be a good thing this year    either i will settle my life already and get over all the petty things    or go back to just how i used to be    smile  here's hoping its part two    ;p
"\   and  so the kittykat fell in love with the mouse   \""   smile  fabu-lo-so!!  @ home    cant play w billy    he's shedding  ):"""
"your tha mouse lost in your on maze     smile  you know the way out, but you run the other way    \giggles\"" thinkn of my katnip!!"""
and
"your so crazy titos!! damn, so tired    had a blast though    time to get on track & start working     smile  llovelife for 2011: hell nah     just wanna have me some fun    nott trying to fall in love this year   smile  *muah* to all my people!!"
just the thought of it makes me smile    cant beli<propfemale> how dangerously awesome my new years <propfemale> was    to find out things i could only dream of  undescribable!!
"so its my job to babysitt full grown kids, huh    and its my job to have everyone around me happy    fuck that, seems like the only way everyone around me is happy is if im unhappy    and that shit aint gonna fly with me anymore!! so ffuck off!!"
joyous moments!! the thoughts of 2010    the last couple of hours of the year have made me crazy    now i know what fatal attraction is    thing is    i cant help it    im lost 
" smile  i love my city    i pass it everyday on the way to work, and then cruise it weekend nights!!"
"im infatuated w pool, i think about pool all the time, and ever since fanatasy turned to reality now i cant  stop thinking  of pool!!"
hey champ    call you know who    theyr waiting   smile 
 smile  the  1 secret i kept to myself for so long    brought out from the one person it was about   smile  a crazzy thought i can't get rid of!!
just got home awhile ago    tired today    sleepy    but not tired enough to thinkk of you     smile  always on my mind!!
 smile  this job is awesome!! gettn paid to sit check out guys all dayy!! fuck it    it'll get me my silver two-toned camry!! lovn the guys!!
whos the badass driving around on the forklift @ work today??  thats right bitches!! me!! i love my job     fucken sa'weet!!
"ive crossed over to the darkside    im a killer     sad  i killed a squirrel this morning      sad  it ran across me and didnt make it, to him it was his whole life, but to me it was a sad little bump   sad "
they dont call me crazy for nuthn!! sippn on my hot chocolate in the back of tha gmc     smile 
"weather feels good down here    chilln in laredo, mx      smile  escaping all the bull   smile "
"its sad to see goood person go    to want them to still be the light of the party    to want to have been able to give them some of your own health, and all the while knowing that soon the bright smile would burn out  r i p  <propfemale>    may heaven enjoy your  ever bright soul "
"dazed about how good things are right now  im in love with my job, my boss, and my  husband     smile  sometimes life is just too good to be true  im @ home, takin it e-z  watchn' the little mermaid on vhs!!  smile "
i keep hearing it over and over in my head    and to answer that question; i have no idea    what the hell im doing!! but i dont want to stop 
torn between a two-way path; right and wrong   does wronging someone who has caused so much damage make the wrong path right?? i have become that which i never thought i could be    envious    to want something that is not mine    and it is tearing my mind to peices    the line is blurred and i dont know right from wrong anymore 
"it feels awesome to feel this way    but it feels even better to know that that person feels the same way    in truth, that blurred line is highlighted and can't be crossed     but ohhh     the feeling  ur driving me crazy!! and i fucken love it!!"
te digo     amar a la antigua    es la unica manera de amar!!
"im falling into the arms of temptation    & i couldn't be happier    countdown begins to end my marraige    to begin a new life apart    alone, but happy   smile "
floating high in the clouds      whata world   what beautiful people in it!!
"i want you bad!! cant tell you how bad- but what is there to do,?? nothing, but wait to see if you could be mine    soon   smile  i want my camry!!"
"it hurts more to realize yove  fallen in love and can't do anything about it, than to find out you've been played  ill be at home, getting lost in movies "
"on my mind and in my heart     you know who you are    your mine, like im yours, and i love you    in secret, but with truth "
"i hate that you are so far from me    i hate having to wait to see you, i hate that i have to hide you, when all i want to tell the world is how much i love you! this is how i feel, and there's no hiding it   smile  no regrets!!"
"so      with another year upon me, out with the old and in with the new and a hell lot better   chillin here at home with my one and only!! yes    be jealous     smile "
"lovers and quarrels, but to be loved by the lover who quarrels for you    cant say my life is perfect, but dammit, i feels good to have someone there with you to make life barely tolerable "
its been three months    and i'm still floating along on this amazing cloud    with my amazing manfriend!! i love you bby  and i love everyone of my family!!
what bitch is turning 23 on wednesday??  that's right     this one!!  laugh  love to all my haters out there looking up on my profile    you know who you are!! i love all my family    and my new family!!
so far    best birthday ever!! my papasito woke me up    singing to me!!
thank you guys!! i love ya!! my mother in law took me out for lunch and then shopping for my birthday!!  best birthday ever!!
lucky 23!! getting everything ive ever wanted this year!! out with the old and in the best boyfriend in the world!! i love my papasito!!
"whata a world and what beautiful people in it  its incredible to see how many people around you really care for you, and all the while you think your invisible  thanks everyone for making my birthday special    although i spent it with my boyfriend, i also spent it with all my people through facebook   smile  gotta love it, gotta love all of ya' "
here at home chilln' watch a vhs oldschool     with my boyfriend      smile   ya no se quiere ir   !!  smile   thats good cause i want him here forever 
estoy enamoradisima     beyond repair    no sabia que <propfemale> sentir el amor tanto como ahora    de buenas que me des-ise de el que no sirve para <propfemale>!!  smile 
lovin' every minute of my gorgeous life and family!!! love my sistas'!!!!  cheerz!!
what can i say    its about time to start finishing up what i started so long ago  i love you all    ya saben      smile  i'm all about the love this year!!  happy birthday <propfemale>!!
the mind plays tricks to repel what you have right in front of you    only because fear is what causes that uncertainty and feeling of loss  i would not want to loose what i have    but do i want it??
"obvious or not, im in love  you wouldve thought i would have gotten tired of him by now    lol   but hell no     i fucken love my papasito!!"
"here it is    four rabbits    one shot    lets hope i can outsmart them before i fall apart    une playful ected occurences    added to my life, but well worth fighting with, and fighting for!! i know what i want     and i know what i need to get it     the only thing in my way is time "
i love my papasito!!
omg cross all your fingers for me!! this april im going after my apartment!!   im turning into <propfirst> the little train that could     smile 
