fe5e486958391c9b7a979d4094d80aed
"hey for all those who got the quizzes, the first ones were lame, but they got a little better  ifyou hate that stuff, let me know  its all nuevo to me "
"life can really be wonderful if we let it, its just the letting it part  smile "
"you cannot focus upon unwanted and receive wanted  you cannot focus upon stories about money that make you feel uncomfortable and allow into your e playful erience what makes you feel comfortable  a different story will bring different results: your thoughts are the basis for the attraction of all things that you consider to be good, which includes enough money, and health, for your comfort and joy "
"you want appreciation  even though you like what's happening now doesn't mean that you still don't want appreciation or greater stimulation the perfect creative stance is satisfaction where i am, and eagerness for more "
"i'm thinking now maybe i shouldn't have used that little girl for my profile pic cause everyone thinks its my daughter  she was supposed to represent me since i couldnt d l  one  i guess she looks like me a little, but let me assure you my daughter is a real cutie! i will have pics of me, <propmale>, and <propfemale> on saturday  and its my sister's baby shower too so it should be a blast!"
cant wait to put in pics of the baby!
"isn't it funny how you are always more excited about something before you try it? well hope all enjoy the pics  my daughter would not sit still for many of them so sorry bout that, but they're pretty good "
i'm thinking i stayed up way too late tonight  at least i will see rewards for my efforts 
"well shi-ite  i don't understand if they give me the damn email address to upload pics, why the hell doesn't it work?!"
"ok i love this new toolbar! and i never say that  i have 14 toolbars and they're all hidden  but this one is awesome  it even lets you add apps to it like zynga games, cool videos, and more  plus it has this little ticker that runs through and says positive messages like i am a magnet to money, i am a magical beautiful being, etc    i really recommend this!"
"i think big, i have positive energy, nothing gets me down, i achieve all my goals, i am unstoppable    to have these inspiring messages in your face all the time can not help but to change the way you are attracting people and things into your life  i know if i sound whatev, but shit i'm an e playful ert at it now! seriously this may really be something worthwhile    "
"i want everyone who knows my boyfriend <propmale> to say a prayer (to who or whatever) for him  he's going through something big rightnow and hasn't been home in a few days  when he gets back, i know things will be great, but i need all my friends in facebook land to visualize him coming home safe, happy, and wealthier!!"
"i love my daughter, i love my daughter, i love my daughter  she's just a baby, very smart, but just a baby  sometimes she drives me so crazy, so i have to keep reminding myself no matter how mad i get at her forgiveness is everything  i love my daughter, i love my daughter   "
"alright then  let's test those memories: take my quiz ,\ do you really know me? it has a lot of stuff from the good ole' days and should be fun """
"\fa-at guy in a litt-le coat\""- <propfirst> farley in <propfirst> boy ahh its hilarious watching it right now!\"""""
aaahh!!! the joys (and screams) of parenthood   
finaally got a phone that sends pics to my email! yay now i can put more pics in! just put a new one of <propfemale> today  hope all in facebook land are well  
"has anyone tried cool previews yet? its awesome if you're like me and get distracted from what you're doing by some cool-looking link or <propfemale>, you can see what its gonna be and stay one the same <propfemale>  so you dont have a hundred windows open! try it!"
eating hot cheetos w  límon  damn they hot!
"good night all  keep looking for a better feeling than the one you have, and you'll be alright  peace  smile "
"listening to \think and grow rich\"" on audio cd  almost every self-made millionare follows these principles!!"""
"as long as you continue to think negatively, you will attract the essence of that energy to you  come on people  you really dont see it yet???!!!!"
can u read this?  i am hree to get you to udnresantd taht you aer mroe tahn you  tinhk you are  you are erteanal and you hvae the aibiltiy to uresdantnd vrey cmopelx iedas  eevn tinhgs taht are not fmaliair at fsirt  see? the mnid is an azamnig mcahnie  it wlil tnsrtlaae waht you need to konw for you  cool huh? tihs idclunes cnopcets lkie god and the uivnrese and the law of aratcttoin  you are god ergeny  taht is all
ah the lazy days of summer  gotta love 'em!
damn i'm tired  well goodnight everyone  keep on keeping on!
believes in the value of each and every person  knows that everyone is only searching for what their value is to the world  let's help each other find it!!
is thinking this world has so many beautiful things to appreciate  let's start seeing more of those and less of the ugliness!!
"i know that death seems like such a strong real part of life, but in reality there is no death at all  consciousness never dies  when you leave your body, you'll know  in death is the secret to life  sucks about that catch-22 tho"
"wow i've been away for a minute eh? so , like it kinda sucks cause i wont really be able to be on fb a lot once school starts  im taking 15 credits  for all my fb friends, please try to be positive even in the face of extreme challenges  it helps to look at everything as a spiritual lesson and detach  good luck with everything    thanks for the hearts guys, i love em  wink "
just got a new awesome and e playful ensive! phone and new #  wow cant believe its time 4 school already! damn!
that freaking sucks to have your hood come up and smash your windshield twice in a year but it happened to me yesterday again!! ahh  right after my daughter's beautiful 2 year birthday party  kinda frazzled but at least i can listen to all the music i want  yeeaaa 
"everyone ought to try this new <propfemale> life program i ordered  basically states when you reach <propfemale> brain waves by deep relaxation you can tap into awesome powers of the mind  its very well known, researched, etc  warning: it can flip around lives if they are mostly negative  interested contact me and we'll go from there  cheers to your new life  wink "
but judge not and neither condemn for you know not why a thing occurs nor to what end 
