8a7b34fcfd2b397a6f44da9c35e5132d
just got back from ohio
can't wait until the family reunion   i actually asked off for the right day this time!
"just got off wow, might get back on in a while "
<propfemale> has staph on her face    sad 
took almost 2 hours to get home tonight from work 
happy new year!
happy birthday aj!!!
oh wow i just seen where walmart is gonna start putting schedules up online now   how cool is that?!?
i'll be praying for <propfirst> tonight   i'm hoping that she'll get better 
happy birthday mom!
the brakes went out on my car  sad 
the cats about gave me a heart attack today!
i'm so happy that uk won and kansas lost last night!  happy birthday <propfemale>!!!
i have a few choice bleep words for tonight!
happy mother's day!
i'm getting tired of the managers thinking i'm a cashier when i'm not!
it's been a good day other than all the rain 
"86 degrees, but very humid    muy caliente!"
happy birthday jedidiah!!!
just got back from mine 18   we had fun swimming after the hot day 
happy birthday grandma!
lots of lightning bugs out right now!!!
please someone be my coop partner on farmville!!!  will love you forever
happy father's day!!!
i'm going to be an aunt again tomorrow!
we have a baby!!!
just seen a bear going across the road in front of my mom and dad's house 
<propfirst> just seen our bear at <propfirst>'s house down on son-in-law ridge   he got to see just how big that thing is!
had a fun day today!!!
looks like lots of flooding in the state 
finally named our frog that we had for about a week now 
went to jungle <propmale>'s today!
found out that the head gasket is blown on the car 
i was being made fun of last night cause i never watched jaws 
sometimes i wish i could go back to sleep after <propfemale> goes to school!
please pray for the daugherty family in their loss 
"summer, i will miss you!"
fall is dangerous around my house   too many walnut and hickory trees!
<propfemale> just lost her first tooth!
jedidiah broke his arm today 
jedidiah will have to have pins put in his arm 
"at shriner's now, getting ready to register for surgery "
home from surgery   what a long two days!
i saved <propfemale> from getting kicked out of the haunted house tonight!!!  she was getting a little frisky with the clowns 
just got <propfemale>'s grade card   she has a+'s in everything!  i'm proud of her 
jedidiah is getting his pins removed on nov  2nd!
"greatest\ man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him \master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, \yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won\ no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no \crime,    yet   they crucified    him        he was buried in a tomb,\ yet he lives today  repost if you believe this in your heart "
the pins are out of jedidiah's arm!  the only bad thing about the surgery was him puking all over the back seat of the car on the way home 
snow snow snow!
uk absolutely smoked dillard today!!!
going to keasha's baby shower!!!
please pray for <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s baby   he had 3 seizures last night and was sent to lexington 
"keasha had her baby yesterday, his name is <propmale> <propfirst>!"
"jedidiah's two front teeth have to be taken out on dec  2nd   if it's not one thing with him, it's another "
i am so bored   
it has rained way too long today!
well   now jedidiah's mouth looks funny   but he'll get a double visit from the tooth <propfemale>!
well snow is good for one thing   there's no school tomorrow!!!
way too much snow for my tastes!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  hope it was a good one and everyone survived the trips on the roads tonight 
one of the fantastic four gets killed off in next month's comic!
<propfemale>'s losing one of her top teeth right now 
wondering how we are going to make it to lexington tomorrow 
<propfemale> is getting her tonsils and adenoids removed tomorrow at 7am
"well we have to wait another week to get <propfemale>'s tonsils out!  i wish the snow will stop already!  on the bright side, the kids are having fun outside sledding "
being home all day with the kids sure can be boring sometimes!
happy birthday <propfirst>  playful 
yay!!!!  just got my tickets for the a7x concert!
who actually knows me?? i bet noone can answer em all right    first   middle   n last name      my real age    birthday    best friend    favorite color     my eye color n my natural hair color    put this as your status to see who really knows you   
"warning! facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor  to block, go to the kitchen and get aluminum foil and wrap it around your head  stay calm and breathe through your left nostril  this is a serious problem and has been confirmed by a cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and her pet chihuahua  copy and paste as your status  save your friends!!!"
okay   so third times a charm i hear   i hope we can get to lexington tomorrow without having to reschedule again   <propfemale>'s tonsils will finally be out 
<propfemale>'s doing pretty good for a little girl who just got her tonsils and adenoids taken out   not to mention a loose tooth that she had before the surgery 
<propfemale> got her ears pierced yesterday   she is loving them 
everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film 
going to church doesn't make you a christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car 
light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak 
had an awesome time last night at the a7x concert!!!!!  they were great!
happy birthday aj!!!!!!
vote for coach cal at wkyt com
