6c09a52dea48d9ee552dcdc66e21459e
happy new years <propfemale> peoples! haha heading to a party tonight
just woak up a few minutes ago! uhhhhh i am <propfemale> tired wish tomoro wasnt school!
haha gunna go to freash choice later! aahhh i love that place     hehehe
happy valentines day everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!   love   love   love 
i finally got the news!!!!!!! im not going to disneyland with my choir class!!!
"ima doin hw, packing for this weekend, and helping my friend with her hw        aagghh!!!! help!!!!!"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!  earth quake!!!!
does any one have umali?
"ok i need help!! im doing a survay for math and i need you to answer this question: list your favorite drink from first to last: milk, water, soda, and juice   please no questions about it!! thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
wait!!!!!!!!!! i here something??? do you here it???
look i put a vidieo of me singing at a county fair!!!!!!!!
i need help in math can snyone help me???
finally my grandparents are upgrading my phone!! bought it today getting it in the mail monday!!! so happy!!!!!
yay!!!! my b-day is tomoro!!!! 14 ! goin to dinna and stuff like that!!!
haha thanks everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its me birthday!!!  woohooo!!!!
nyt everyone!!!
heyoo peoples!!
getting ready to go to disney land tomoro with my band!!!!  im soooo pumped i cant wait!!!!  laugh 
nyt peoples! in da mornin getin up and drivin to disney land the happiest place on earth!
leaving for disneyland in a few minutes!! yeppiee!!  smile 
if you are thinkin of going to see eat pry love dont its so boring inless you love chick flicks and like staring at a screen for nothing!
gettin ready for the first day of school!! uggg to early!
here we go again!!! phhs!
school is <propfemale> boring now i can find things alot easier!
finally home!! school felt <propfemale> long today!!
omg school was so boring today i sat through math almost fell asleep until the teacher yelled at the class and i wanted to blow his face of hesz sooo mean!
i hate it when u finally do something and then u cant do it again cause its one of those 1 in a million chances!! i hate that!
reading poems by <propfirst> frost     they sound <propfemale> complicated!
who's going to the football game today at evergreen valley high school???
ugggg school time! nooooo   
i olove sizzlers!! there food i great!
good night peoples!!!  smile 
"i went out \i left a note on the cart\i went to find\the other half of my heart!!"
haha mash at phhs is more like a social thing than a homework club thing!  its so stupid!
uggg glee's on tonight whos gunna watch it i here its supposed to be good but im not sure!! haha
"watchin a show about ghosts in celebrities houses!! haha it looks so fake!! you can <propfemale> totally tell that the \figures\"" that are supposed to be ghosts are people!!! so stupid!!"""
im board!  annoyed 
haha my grandparents might let me cut my hair short again!!1 haha i miss my short hair!
i  love  mandrine oranges!! haha
stop sending me things for farmville and frontierville i dont play those games!!
waiting for wednesday is like waiting for christmas! it takes forever!  annoyed 
im <propfemale> board! ima go draw or somethin!   annoyed 
i  love  <propfirst>!
good night peoples of facebook!!!
i just realized i have never broken a single bone in my entire life! never had a cast nd never had to go to the hospital except for other people!!!
i love you my boo! i miss you <propfemale> much it sucks we go to different skoolz! uggg!  smile   love 
i hate it when teachers talk to the kid next to u nd stick their butt in ur face! its sooo nasty! esspecially if u have all guy teachers!
i hate this! i canmt talk i lost my voice! my throat hurts sooo bad i cant swallow anything!  i dont even think im going to skool tomoro! this sucks!!!!
going to the doctor tomoro to find out what is wrong with me!!!
drama!! i hate drama!!
ahhhh    warm soup!! helps sooth a soar throat!! and it was easy to swallow too!!
good night peoples of facebook!!!
at the doctors office to find out what is wrong with me!! aha wish me luck!!  smile 
i can finally eat whole food again but i have to chew it to a pulp to swallow it!! haha im on da road to recovery!!  laugh 
ahhh darn it!! i cant swallow again!! this sucks cuz im going to skool today (finally) and they have nothing that i can swaallow without hurting! ugggh!  sad 
i smell booty up in here!!! haha gianelle remember?
ima board!!! anyone wanna chat??? x__x
today i went to the doctors again!! he said i had to wait till monday to see him again! i went for nothing!! wtf!
boardness is going to kill me!!!  save me someone!
good night peoples!!  smile  bed sweet bed!\\r*kw love ss*
everytime you do the same thing! i show up nd you leave    why?
good night
uggg getting ready for throwing a party this weekend !! soooo much work my hands are tired!
getting ready for the party tomoro!! uggg so much work but its totally gunna be worth it in the end!
i am such a mess!!! ugggggh  annoyed 
all better! nyt pplz!!
!! i got a hair cut! its short     annoyed  but i love it!
"ifthere are moments in life when you wish you could bring someone down from heaven and spend the day with them, just one last time    i know i have someone or two    if you have someone too, copy and paste this in order to remember the ones who were important to you and are no longer          here!!!!-----but always    in our hearts and never forgotten"
going over to <propfirst>'s house later!!! haha cant wait! he said we gunna play sum bball nd gunna teach me to play speed! i wonder what else we gunna do!?  smile 
so bored its gunna kill me!!!!
happy birthday <propfemale>! ur turning 8!! haha i cant believe thats its been 8 years since u came into my life!ur making me feel so old!
"fwd: fwd:fwd:fwd:you have one free question to ask me and i can not lie,so ask away send to 10 people and see what they want to know about you"
is so boredn nd i hayw the hickups!\\r*serabear*
oh it is on kyle1 u want a poke war    u got one! hahaha
<propfirst> you r going down! i refuse to loose this poke war! > smile 
off to basket ball practice with my gpa!! haha hope everything goes good today!
uhhh back from basket ball practice1 it was fun   haha some dude there fell on top of me when he got push by another player!  haha <propmale> vierra wuz there   nd one of my uncles cuzins was too! i think ill go again next time  annoyed 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!! i hope you have a wonderful thanksgiving spending time with family!
if u ever love somebody put your hands up    if u ever love somebody put your hands up    nd now theyre gone nd u wish u culd give them everything    
embrace the dork in you!\\rlife is too short!
pleaseput this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all of us! cancer sucks!
i love famous amous cookies now!!! haha ull get it if uve seen the movie burlesque!!
"one week from tomorrow, sunday dec  12 @ 8pm south bay kids christmas show will open at christmas in the park, in downtown san <propfirst>  additional performances at christmas in the park will be sunday dec 19 @ 4pm and tues dec 21 @ 8pm  you can also catch the show at the great mall on saturday december 18, @ 2pm & 3 pm  it's a fun show, with lots of christmas music  hope you can come see my performances!"
why is it every time i hear that song it makes me wanna crym it does because it reminds me of you nd how how much ive hurt you!  crying  ahhh   
off to do hw!!!  sad  i dont lik it!!
"don't forget, christmas in the park this sunday   south bay kids (and me) will be performing our christmas show at 8pm   i am singing 2 songs   hop you can come!  we also have shows there sunday the 19th @ 4pm and tuesday the 21st @ 8pm) plus 2 shows at the great mall on saturday the 18th @ 2 & 3 pm"
i am so bored! i was stuck at home all day in bed (which isnt a bad thing!) cuz i was sick     sad  wish it would go away so i culd sing again! i hate winter and the side effects of it
i just listened to my favorite lullaby i dont get it but it makes me cry every time!
off to joes decorating party!!! ahaha ttyl facebook buddies! bye
"tomorrow night, sunday, @8pm, christmas in the park, downtown san <propfirst>   come see me perform with south bay kids, in their debut of their holiday show, 'christmas in our home'   i'm doing two songs   hope you can come!"
nite peoples of facebook!!!  smile 
omg soooo bored!!!!
what happened?!?  we used to talk but now you wont even answer me! why? what happened to you being there as a friend?
good nite peoples of facebook! wish me luck on my finals tomoro haha hope i do good!  laugh 
today was <propfemale> boring even tho i had a final it seemed like there was nothing to do! please someone text me and make me not bored anymore!!  laugh 
ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!  crying 
"type your name: sera\with your elbow: sera\with your nose: sera\with your eyes closed: sera\hasha im good!"
dont need an angel on my christmas tree i already have one in heaven looking down on me     put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be here this christmas xxxxxx ?
sooo bored!! x_x my gparents just went out to a party and im stuck home alone! this sucks
listening to the trans siberian orchestra! omg they are so awesome haha i love the song wizards in winter!
that thing that said that we <propmale> out     we held hands    you told me you liked me     thingy i feel like that was done to me!  sad   i wish it never happened!
"if you are going to be at the great mall tomorrow afternoon, stop by the area by fresh choice and see my show   my troupe is doing 2 hoilday shows at 2 surprise 0 & 3:15pm   i have 2 songs in the show   hope to see you there!  we are at christmas in the park again sunday @ 4pm and tuesday night @ 8pm "
sooo tired from today! left my house at noon and didnt get back till a half an hour ago     uhhhhh 0_0
good nite peoples!!!!!! *yaaawwwnnn*
"we had 2 good shows at the great mall today   tomorrow it's back to christmas in the park, @ 4pm, and our last show on tuesday will also be at christmas in the park @8pm   hope to see some of you there "
watching marry me with <propfemale> lui! haha its funny!
good nite people
i give up on everything! ur <propfemale> fricken complicated to understand!
<propfemale> is sooo cool!
ahhhhh!  sad  my <propfemale> randomly attacked me hands! and now i have a bunch of scratches on my hands and a piece of skin missing
"last <propmale> to see our 2010 holiday show, christmas in our home, at christmas in the park tonight   it's at 8pm   hope you can make it!"
making cookies with my grandma so we can make cookie plates to give to some of our close friends and family!  haha they are really good! my grandma makes the best cookies in the entire world!  smile  they are awesome!  laugh 
off to christmas in the park to do the christmas in our home show1 be back in a few bye bye wish me luck!
i feel like a big bag of crap right now! sooo good nite everyone!
soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you   they are not perfect but are always perfect for you   ~author unknown
yaaayy its christmas <propfemale>! haha
sooo board!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope you got what you wanted!
huh    long day didnt go to sleep until 8 this morning and didnt wake up till 1 in the afternoon! god only 4 hours of sleep! hahaha i bet im gunna crash when i go to bed! haha i am sooooo tired!
curled my hair it looks <propfemale> pretty! hehe ill post a pic later!
hehehe sooo bored someone text me or something!!!
"embrace the dork in you\life is too short!"
"if you ended 2010 single, put this as your status if somebody inbox's you a heart, they wanna change that in 2011"
hdfbjdjhduudfbfhdde hit my lip and re-opened the cut on my lip from over the break! > sad 
uhhh its too early for school! if the teachers say sleep is important for learning why do the get us up <propfemale> fricken early? thats what i would like to know!  annoyed 
playing d&d saturday!  can't wait!
i will never love another as much as i loved you!
"just thinking about our upcoming <propfemale> hawkins dance at school   there is only one special person i would consider inviting, and he won't even talk to me because i did something to hurt him   my heart misses him terribly!"
"when you love someone, you never give up on them "
my <propfemale> is playing soccer with this little ball with a <propfemale> inside of it! it ios so annoying     haha and funny watching to see what he does with it!
no hes playing with my sock that i just took off! silly cat socks are for people!
the ocean is deep and full of fish   think i might go fishing   seems the last one spoiled 
really liking my new math class!  much better than mr  s was 
eating garlic bread! yummmm hehe
why do i even try anymore? every time i try i always get my heart broken should i just give up or have my heart broken over and over even tho i kno it wont happen again?!?
why me? why now? just why why why?
i find it that a lot of girls are going throgh a lot of crap right now!
"you stole my heart, then when things went bad you told me we could never be 'us' again   you said we could still be friends, but you lied, because you really don't treat me like a friend anymore   i erased your pictures and everything else that i could, but i can't seem to erase you from my heart "
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong, wild, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you "
hahaha just got back from costco im <propfemale>o full from eating samples! anmd i saw someone from phhs which was weird i didnt know her! anywho and i got a new book and a casem for my fone so when i drop it it wont break!! huh <propfemale> tired!
ok <propfemale>o i give up on trying anymore! i dont know what u want anymore <propfemale> i quit! im moving on! i aint gunna wait forever for you to come around!
home sweet home! gunna go do some math eat some ice cream and go to a basketball practice! yeay haha gunna join da swim team and i cant buy a swimsuit for it one i dont have one and two i have no monay!  sad 
really!?! if u gunna talk shit behind my back u aint no friend of mine! why dont you grow balls and say it to my face!!!!!!!!
y is it so hard to let u gon itz like trying to take a tattoo off! imposible!
ahahaha i just saw <propfirst> <propmale> at sports authority! sooo weird! finally got a speedo for swim monday!
"\im <propmale> yo im the greatest raper eva    \"" hjahaha <propfemale> corpuz remember!"""
omg!!!!! hahaha im going to sadies with a guy!!!!!  laugh 
i found out im gonna have my own band soon
ahhhh first day of swim practices!!!! omg i am sooo tired!!!  maybe tomoro will be easier      haha <propfemale> its ok i have pe tomoro in the morning too!
day 4 of swim practice!!! ahhh i had to tread water without using my hands! how is that possible i can barely tread with my hands!!!! ahhhhhhh my legs are going to hurt tomoro!!
aha super bowl today! i wonder who is gunna win!!!!
"copy this to your status and see what you get in your inbox  smile \-red: be my <propfirst> this year\-yellow: i used to like you\   -green: i want to mess around\   -blue: i love you\   -pink: i want to chill\-purple: i like you\-black: i want a kiss\-silver: you're sweet\-white: you're funny\-brown: you're amazing\-orange: you're cute\-indigo: i want your number"
sitting at practice waiting for my turn! hahaha eaitng twizlers! yummy! i cant wait till sadies in a few hours     
<propfemale> <propfemale> jessenwhat color did you die your hair?????
uuuuuuhhhh      sooo bored!!
such a long day    
haha sitting at the studio right now!!! waiting till 3pm so i can meet my band for the first tyme <propfemale>!!! im phsyced!!!!!
sitting at my cousins house!! haha spent the night it was <propfemale> much fun haha one of my friends came over here and he is extreamly hot!!!!  wish i lived closer to him!
listening to a song called lady marmalade from the movie moulan rouge and my gma told me what the song ment!!! haha it was disgusting
going to in n' out!!1 yummy i love their burgers!
ahhahaha my head is pounding! i am <propfemale> fricken tired!! i hate being sick         sad 
i hate my life    
ahhhh i was watching the news and they said it was supposed to snow tonight tmoro and saturday!!!!
ahhhh bored ojutta my mind!
gunna go to the doctors today! woo   hooo       annoyed 
ahhhhhhh <propfemale> bored!!!1
i thought they said it was gunna snow?!? well where is it ppl!! i have never seen snow up close nd personal   
wow the news lies to me      that is mean! lolz
uh school tomoro!!! noooooooooo   
me nd <propfemale> playing with chairs in the library! haha goin in circles!
today was an awesome day!!
found out that for the swim meet tomoro im doing 50 fly and 400 free-relay!!! yayyy!! butterfly is my best stroke other than freestyle!
omg i jus came back from my first swim meet and ik did 50 butterfly and came in 1st for that! and i did a 400 free-relay and my <propfirst> came in 2nd!!! omg that is pretty damn good for a first meet! haha   laugh 
<propfemale> tired and want food <propfemale> bad!!
hmh   
<propfemale> tired and sore from practices! i feel if i do anything more im gunna fall apart!!
uhhh today was fun! i went to the mall with <propfemale> and her bf devyn shopped a lil bit and went and saw beastly! that is such a good movie! haha
night peoplez!
hmh     i dont wanna go to school today! im sooo tired and i have practice today too!
"wow i eat a fortune cookie and the fortune said, \ you will find comfort in a new relationship!\"" \",6c09a52dea4 laugh 9ee552dcdc66e21459e,<propfemale> crap! my couzin grew 6 inches in a year nd a half  itn took me 6 years to grow 6 inches!!! thats not fair!!!
omg soooo bored!
omg     had to get up at 1 this morning    3 this morning nd 8 this morning cuz my puppy woke up! i am sooo tired i think shes gunna ware me out befor i ware her out! lol
hmh    its like youve dissapeared    wait you have nd you kno what running isnt gunna solve anything!
<propfemale> friday i went to the office to get a band aid cuz da teacher didnt have one! nd then i walk back into class nd someone whistles at me     i found out who it was nd found out that persom likes meh! oooo goody
"save the date   saturday, may 7th   my band debuts at the berryessa <propmale> & wine festival   see you there!"
today wuz an awesome day!!!!!
why does life have to be <propfemale> difficult?
ok jus because you heard things doesnt mean its true so get ur facts straight befor you open your mouth!
i want a five dollar foot long right now!!!
my life has just ended! ahhhhhhhhhh
im outta here ppl i dont wanna deal with this crap anymore!!!!
i give up! idc what you say its not gunna change anything! so just shut up!
little sexy ninja smurf thang!
had the best time of my life hangin out with devyn <propfirst> it wuz sooo much fun! we went out and went to a pizza place then came back and <propmale> out at my house nd played with my dogs a bit!
eating pancakes with cranberries in them and <propfemale> on top!!! omg it is the bomb!
night peoples!!! see ya tomoro
omg my gparents said they were gunna send me to a convent and i said i didnt want anything to do with hippies!!!!!!!! hahahahhahahahahahahahahaha
i am soooo bored! i have nothing to do cuz im grounded     yay <propfemale>  annoyed 
