235826838e3f92b0493adfe0065e80bc
wants to go to the antique stores in downtown somerville tomorrow   anyone game?
is going to lolla   she'll make it happen   somehow 
is still talking when there's science to do   how silly 
"has remained soaking wet all day thanks to a mastiff, malamute and two <propfemale> doodles "
has never been so disappointed in a cd version of a song   way to go cake 
"prefers easy decisions, thanks "
is living with two less dogs   yay?
is finally going to the beach this summer    smile 
fell asleep at the beach - no tan   but when she went to six flags - burn!  that's what's up; that's what's up 
is celebrating her hp love the only way there is: midnight show 
"doesn't know whether she should be mad at <propfemale> for teaching her the words to a miley <propmale> song, or mad at <propfemale> for getting it stuck in her head   either way - it sucks "
never liked when her family called her messy jesi   but considering how colorful her hands are after tie dying   
went running around in the downpour with her bestest <propfemale> for funsies   now she's off to harrisburg for the rest of the week 
loves when her newsfeed leads to amusing stalking finds 
knows that love is all about breakfast pastries 
is enjoying being part of j-j-j-jenny and the june   obviously they were named improperly at birth    smile 
"should be out in chicago, too psyched to sleep because of lolla   but she's not   sad "
is mad at facebook because obviously facebook is mad at her and she won't be outdone by a social networking site 
"is like a sour patch kid: first she's sour, then she's sweet "
just had divine smoothie    love   such a shame that get fruity is not near home ud    sad 
apparently develops tourettes when successfully tickled?
can't believe that no one she knows has bread 
is super psyched to be talking in her sleep again - fun times shall be had by all 
is up to no good 
has seven hours to make this bummer day into a good day   go!
has creeper friends but loves them anyway 
suspects that the awful smell coming from the nes means that she failed at fixing it 
"has too much to do, too little time to do it, and no <propfemale> to go to class "
has balloon animal making skills 
needs to stop injuring herself   ouchies 
hates orgo lab mostly because she hates wearing shoes 
is dreaming of the large naked baby she plans on having this saturday 
just remembered that she has a physics exam tomorrow   whoops 
will not worry   maybe   ish   x 
i am a tardhead with nice bum
has <propmale>!  love   and two new pairs of boots!  yay early birthday gifts   smile 
"is the <propmale> to steph's <propmale>, and we have awesome pen crossbows "
"has no time to nap today and should probably stay up late studying instead of going to bed early   but but but   sleep, please?  sad "
"just has a glorious morning full of the sweetest dream, an easy exam, class let out 45 minutes early, free food and pink ribbons!"
"has not stolen accordians in forever, but is glad to return to her ninja pirate zombie robot "
will float on    smile 
"is only as tall as her heart will let her be, and only as small as the world will make her seem   and when the going gets rough, and she feels like she might fall, she'll look on the brightside: she's roughly six feet tall "
is bummed   initiation is postponed   sad 
is scheduling winter classes   
will be very sad if her children are nothing like <propfirst> hill 
occasionally stays up late just to listen to music 
"knows that the windshield was broken, but loves the fresh air you know "
"knows that <propfirst> huber loves her deeply, though not as much as she loves crabs "
je voudre <propfemale> pomplemouse  --dans francais
doesn't know whether she's worrying too much or too little   maybe just about the wrong things?
is all alone in her suite - thanks physics lab for being extra late and not cancelled this week    sad 
"is in a floral sheet tent in snig's basement with <propfemale> and snig   yea, she knows you're jealous "
"is glad her aunt <propfemale> a  hornyak-frey made her amazing lasagna for thanksgiving dinner   and that she came to dinner   yea, that too "
is in such happy christmas spirit    smile   yay <propmale> churchill the christmas tree!
is going to have ten hours of lab spring semester   ten 
will now proceed to nap 
just realized that it's the 6th   x 
always    smile 
can't wait to see <propfemale> tomorrow!  smile 
needs to stop being so tempted to torture herself   stop stop stop   comparisons are not relevant and inaccurate   stop stop stop 
is looking with longing at the pile of computer games that she can't play anymore because her new computer is 64-bit    sad 
feels sick and definitely cannot sleep   x 
is going to class and will return in approximately 9 hours    sad 
hates being right about things that she wanted to be wrong 
is enjoying brelunner with topaz <propfemale> weinglass and <propfemale> songchild 
is not succeeding at focusing on writing her paper 
wishes all semesters were as easy as this winter   
loves epic monopoly   we had to <propfemale> the bank money   ><
hates being mad all the time   it's a ridiculous amount of effort 
just completely changed her schedule   and the commitment to indecision is horrifying 
welcomes back her old friend anger 
thanks the coen brothers as usual   they're always exactly what she needs 
i hereby bequeath the name <propmale> to <propfirst>'s alligator 
"is a master bubble splitter and spinner   yay, productivity "
"just baked a delicious texas sheet cake, and (for the most part) none of you will get to enjoy its amazingness    playful "
"never feels like she has enough clothes until it comes to packing for school, and then suddenly she has truckloads   how does that work?"
"is e playful ecting a great few days: she's off to buy <propmale> samberg tickets, going to see matt&kim tomorrow, and celebrating 6 months with <propfirst> today    laugh "
"has an extra <propmale> & <propfirst> ticket for tonight, anyone interested?"
"is beat up, tired and so happy   no surprise, <propmale> & <propfirst> were amazing    smile "
is officially (finally!) in her fraternity   yay az!  smile 
hates coincidences that ruin her day 
wishes this wall was full of bunnies!
is off to ag day   yay!  smile 
and we're back to this 
hurts 
is taking the train home to jersey for the weekend 
- look at you - stealing lyrics that describe me more than you 
has way to much going through her head right now   isn't it about time for school to be out?
"is driving back down to delaware, then back to jersey, then back to delaware, then back to jersey, then back to delaware   fun week!"
is distracting people with her bumby 
"is driving back to jersey, part 2 "
is going to see her sister graduate!  congrats <propfemale> frey  smile 
has 1776 songs stuck in her head while studying post-civil war us history   this does not make sense 
is performing surgery on the box of a very sorry looking sorry! game 
is finally home in jersey   sigh 
"anyone want a free old, but barely used bike?  not sure what kind of details you want, but inquire away!"
is enjoying her clear peripheral vision 
is quite sad that she missed so many choco-tunities today!
has sunglasses!   laugh 
is a smoothie making pro   smile 
"gets to see two of her favorite people tomorrow, and then two more on friday!  too excited to pack!  laugh "
is in maine with <propfirst> d tighe and <propfirst> huber at <propfemale> graybill 's home!
is back in jersey and ready for puppies!
realized that jemaine is in dinner for schmucks and now wants to see it more than ever 
"is in harrisburg, visiting the family    smile "
cannot wait for the weekend 
only has four days left at home
is frustrated by phone problems   ><
is off to north <propfemale> for the week!
thinks that her sister's doodlebug is the cutest dog ever!!!
is waiting at the airport to travel back to delaware   but is sick    sad 
is at ud officiallly   laugh 
doesn't know whether she should be happy or disturbed that tao feng's shirt count has officially gone up to three 
is just so unbelievably tired 
is going to cry if sakai doesn't load soon 
"when i'm feeling down, i whip my hair back and forth "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes    smile 
"is impressed that a music video has managed to be weirder than mgmt   what the fuck, madder red by yeasayer?!"
put her weasley is our <propmale> shirt on and is impatiently waiting for midnight 
has donated her hand kittens to <propfemale> 
is bundled like a kid going out to play in the snow   football time!
is probably just going to sit here playing the tetris she wrote instead of working 
cannot wait until she's done with her saturday final   just a few more hours   
"just realized her exam is at 1, not 10 smile 0, but any frustration at delays have been erased because she got an a in discrete!  laugh "
wishes that her back could always feel like it does now   so glad to be home!
is off to lunch with <propfirst> d tighe !
doesn't mind that today was crazy busy because tonight it's the biophytas christmas party!
snow  sad 
has never had this much pain after going to the dentist    sad 
"wonders if she can still call her sudden inability to do work \senioritis\"" if she's only a senior by credit   """
is failing at beatles trivia with <propfirst> reynolds
thinks that online assignments take all the fun out of potential snow days 
is super excited to see <propfirst> huber and <propfemale> graybill tomorrow!  laugh 
is headed back to jersey for the weekend
is off to see kenan thompson   laugh 
has been following him for 12 years now and couldn't be any happier: <propfirst> baker won the iditarod!  laugh 
wants to clarify that whoever told sunglasses designers that i preferred all of my options to be covered in varying patterns of rhinestones was actually wrong 
now begins the four tests standing in between her and a cruise   time for part 1 of her two-day test 
installed facebook for windows phone
"is off to the airport, and then to the caribbean!"
