07cdbaa5114ad44837a14a858b7fa4ab
sometimes you just dont know what to do  
a dream is a wish your heart makes 
wants to watchh the hangoverrr alreadyy ! lol
why is it an inferno outside today? 100 degrees!?
watchingg bachelorettee  smile  i  love  <propmale>
dying of soreness  lol
just made the best fried rice ever  smile  super good  smile 
feeeeellllls like crappp  sad   sad  asdfghjkl
asdfghjkl
had a longgg day  annoyed 
 smile 
is sleeeeeeepyy
awesome weekend  smile   love 
party tonightttt
ahhhh lol
awesome weekend with the girls  smile 
lassst dayy off summerr  nooo!  sad 
finalllyyy the weeekenddd  smile 
uploaded the picss tagg yourself  smile 
loongg day tomoorrrow  sad 
aslkdjaklsj is how i feel  lol
isss tiredddddd  sad 
alright so lets try this one more time   anyone have any good halloween costume ideas? lol 
has so much school crapp to doo  sad 
iss in classss boreddd  sad 
alskdjlaksjd!!!!!!!
has a headache   annoyed 
misses her long hair  sad  lol
  asdfghjkl
wantss to leave miami and go somewhereee amazingg and leave all the stress behindd
coldddish  smile 
27 days till my 21st bday  smile 
 love 
neeeds beautyyy sleeeeeep  sad 
just wants the weekend to be here already
20 days till my bdayy  wink 
16 more days  smile 
i hate cops   dfghjfghdfgh
11 more days!!!  smile 
my teacher is crazy!!    filing a grievance!?   wtf??!!!
talk about having bad luck!  lol
4 more dayyssss
its going to be a long night   writing a paper   sad 
thankss everyone for all the birthday wishess & my friends & bf for making this weekend amazinngg  smile   smile 
iss sickkkk  sad   sad  bahhh
semesterr is almostt overrr yay  smile 
wants to go to the <propfirst> mayer concert in febuaryy :[
missess stephyy her niece   sad 
wrapping gifttsss  smile 
lovesss jakee the bachelorrrr  smile 
life is lived foward  but understood backwards  smile 
wishes summer was here alreadyyy  annoyed 
coming down from stephy's cheerleading competition  at west palm  smile  !
 love  <propmale>
dlkajdkjalskjdlakjdlkajslkdja !!
now is when i start packinggg baahhh lol
is freezing in orlanddooo!!! lol
i want my warm miami weather to come back already 
has felt like crap the whole entire dayyyy  sad 
i hate schooooool   stupiddd midtermss driving me crazy 
posted the pics up of <propfirst> bday tag yourselfs   smile 
should stop procrastinating on her midterm paper and staying up all night to finish it  stupid school   fml
 love 's <propmale> camaraz  smile 
beautifull dayyy  smile 
boyfriends birthdayyy outt celebratingg <propmale> camaraz  smile 
hates hates hates writing this 12-15 pg paperr  sad 
hates this paper with a passion 
is having fun in orlandooo  smile 
fun weekeendd now back to reality  sad  and school  sad   sad   sad 
facebook helping college students procrastinate since 2004   thanks fb 
keyss with the camaraza brothers and good friends  smile 
beautifulll dayyy  smile 
pooooool  smile 
love is like war; easy to begin but hard to stop 
hass to unpackkk  & back to reality tomorroww  sad 
it's so hot!!
ii hatee midtermsss  smile 
happy 3 years <propmale> camaraz  smile   love 
"gooood evening fb friends  smile  currently there is a job opening in a pediatricians office, its by sunset place, its part time, the days may vary each week ex  tues and thurs from 9-5  please message me if you have any questions  smile  graciass"
hugeeee storm outside wtf! lol it was super <propfemale> this morning!! -_- miami weather lol
wantttts it to be friday already  smile 
 love 's <propfirst> mayer  smile 
hates fiu registering 
beautiful dayy  smile 
cant wait till finals are over  smile 
had a greattttt vacationnnn  smile   love 
drake  love 
haddd a greeeeattt weekend with great friends  smile 
is very sad she didnt go to the <propfirst> mayer concert  sad  lol
actions speak louder than words
 love 
beautifullll dayy  love 
needs to get school stuff out of the way before this weekend trip to orlanddooo!  smile  i hate school 
hates midterms and hw 
doesnt know what to be this year for halloween   any ideas?
superrrr sickkk  sad 
um tailgatee todayy
onee in a milllionnnnn  love 
hates mondaysss  sad 
music speaks what cannot be e playful ressed 
fireworks - <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile 
reeaadyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  wink 
wants to thank everyone for the bday wishes and thanks to the friends that made it memorable last night  smile 
hatess school projects  looks like its gonna be an all nighter  sad 
had an awesome night with my girls  smile 
i love <propfirst> camaraza !!!!! he's so awesome  smile 
vs fashion showw !  smile 
happppy birthdayyyy <propfirst> mendez  smile 
hates finals 
  
happy birthday to the besttest friend ever @<propfemale> yerak!! ily
thanks for stealing my wallet asshole 
is sick!!  sad  feels like crapppp  sad 
feels worse than yesterday  sad 
wants to go see little fockers
doesn't wanna go to work tomorrow wahh  sad  gnite fb
sick again   sad   sad 
wishes it was summer already  sad 
my last day of freedomm till school starts  sad 
school yay -_-
"cousins are the 1st friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins    even if you don't talk much lately    re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world!\<propfemale> sanchez-salzlein <propmale> sanchez sury veliz <propfemale> blanco-meilan <propfirst> meilan <propmale> meilan <propmale> meilan"
oh summer   come faster please  sad 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=elaxen15ism&feature=youtube_gdata_player\\wow   that was truly amazing   true unconditional love  love "
food trucks
the course of true love never did run smooth  -<propfirst> shakespeare
borrinnnnnnnnggggggg
"the best thing about music is when it hits you, you feel no pain "
gymm
throughout life you meet all different types people  today while at work i met a mentally handicaped boy and he was so happy and so full of life he truly made my heart melt  it makes you think twice  not everyone knows how lucky they are sometimes   love 
ajgdaltslralgxldltslfz is how i feel right now 
did i mention how much i hate economics?    test today wish me luck   sad 
awesome workout at the gym with <propfemale> cascante
needs a drink 
@ the improvvv to see <propfemale> joy!!  smile 
haddd a greatttt weekend with her bf  love  <propmale> camaraz
wishes i was at the keys instead of school right now  sad 
happy birthday daddy ily  love 
stressed out!!  sad 
"dear summer, you are not coming fast enough  sad "
jdjfkxjdaskdjfjcjddh you drive me crazy ihy  you know who you are -_- !!!
if you cant handle me at my worst you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best  smile 
i cannot wait for my nephew to be born already!!! ahhhhhh  smile 
watching the notebook  love 
awesome workout at the gym with <propfirst> mendez
some dance to remember some dance to forget  love 
exciteddddddddd  love !!!!!
woowwwww miami traffic i hate youuuuuuu!!!
back to reality  i hate mondayss
asdfghjjkugyfcguihgf ugh  
beautiful morning today
"hey guys! the animal shelter at 7401 nw 74th st doral, fl 33166 is closing down and just for today they are giving away their animals for free--- if they don't find homes by next week, they will all be put down  please consider adopting these animals and if you can repost this as your status so people who would like to adopt an animal can read this  thank you!"
<propmale> camaraz            !!!!!!!!!!!
omggggggg this class is torture!!!!!  sad 
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour"
"although i took a long nap   im still sleepy!! work school is killing me slowly  sad \cant wait to graduate just 1 more class to go! then   masters -_-"
