acdeaf19e4af50a13765ce617eda6fc5
"\we try to avoid toast\"""""
is mindless
pew pew pachoo  time to paint some pants 
"is copper, flannel, and four leagues away"
knows everything
is employed!
is gonna take you down to hannah-town
"agerup's dead? awww, i liked him  and he played some pretty decent music "
is gonna kill you and all your pigs and chickens
sneezes are so much more satisfying when you try to get them everywhere   
my windows can tell the temperature
anyone else going to motor tonight?
so many happy birthdays  laugh  thanks you guys! i'm still wearing the same clothes from two days ago  
i'm in a conundrum and i need to look to facebook comment posts for advice  should i spend like two thousand dollars on a dream bed that will take up my entire bedroom? if you've ever been in my room  i'm so tired of this twin sized rickety piece of shit that people can't fit on  but the bed would take up my whole room ughhh
feeling moved and touched and enlightened by all these televised church sermons
"whenever i'm reading a textbook and i have to sneeze i try to sneeze all over the textbook  it's not that i have an extreme hatred towards my textbooks, i just like to be able to sneeze all over something "
my computer is real sad 
dirty jobs needs to go to third world countries  <propfirst> rowe fishing does not impress me 
some <propfemale> mustard pretzels are better than other <propfemale> mustard pretzels  in my e playful erience 
why does nobody ever want to stay up this late  hmph 
wants to know what soaked through my jelly belly box so i can eat them  though i forgot to click share for awhile because i was eating them 
disagrees with time 
i also have the attention span of a kid with add 
"\i don't want to wake up and see you all crispy critters in the morning \"" tee <propfemale>"""
demi=a bummer on society because she doesn't want to come with us next weekend
who's <propfirst> bieber?
i wish <propmale> hill was real   and <propfirst> 
misses summer and the woods and the water  get here faster!
nietzsche=peachy
can't find my voice
wackety-wigg
gets to go learn with the azn's next year at uw  i'll finally get to fill up my bubble tea stamp card!!
i miss being bored  all this homework is making my butt hurt 
vicodin won't even make my cough go away! eeeeargghhhhhhhhhh my lungs are gonna sploooode
okay now it's gone  smile 
don't you hate it when the kleenex gets a hole mid-blow? i shorrrre do 
ohmigawd running rainbow lizard  planet earth has captivated me 
presenting my senior project tomorrow   guess i should finally start working on it  bleh
puffs!
only four puffs with lotion left    crisis
carcarcarcarcarcarrrrrrrr !
i like comparing myself to your guys' big five personality thing  eeeeenteresting 
i'm having high hopes for this dreaded paper   turns out it's on a subject i happen to be passionate about  woop!
"holy fuck  paper out of the way  now i've got final, project, essay, quiz, final, quiz, final  among the regular weekly homework, of course "
i can't make good sandwiches because i don't really like sandwiches  how am i ever going to keep a man?
black mamba is a nice substitution when you need a job 
"as of 3 smile 5 am i think i am finally done with the quarter    god, finally "
who wants to sell me a ttttttvvvvvvvvvvvv
okay still need a tv cause this one suuuckkkssssssssss
icelandic phallological museum    why just penises?
i want pants
totally just made an account on highdeas   smile 
paintin' some shoooooesisisisis
"fuck you, fanpage spamming bullshit  blarrr you're tricky "
"she nuh ball fi nah dapper, she nuh cry fi nuh doop"
why does everyone like the <propmale> horror picture show so much?
"we are bear's 27 millionth cousin, 21 million times removed "
ahhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmm teeeveee!
happy holidays!
"\good nights must always end in good baths\"""""
guhbye phone
gimmay all yo numbahzzz new phone  actually old phone 
can't get ready for bed because my dad is taking up the bathroom with his daily hour-long shit  kill time waste time blah blah blah bored 
goodbye gulf coast  sad 
fuckfuckfackfackfuck  it is so difficult to do homework right now 
"we harm our bodies with chemicals, so we use more chemicals to mask the harm and harm ourselves more  bummer, that convenience kills us "
sometimes i like to put my mind on my bedside table 
"i may not be mexican, but it's cinco de mayo and i feel like i should be doing a little more than homework and laundry today   you know i like celebrating things that don't pertain to me  it's what i do every holiday!"
fee fi fo fum
that was an amazing bowl of cheerios
pockets=pant baskets
everyone has work or school tomorrow    who would like to enjoy the sun with me?
goodbye whiskerfriends
job!!!
there's a lump of hungover <propfemale> at the foot of my bed 
she's not hungover anymore but she's still at the foot of my bed  hehehe
my mom tells me there's a bear around
chilled with <propfemale>'s nigga today  hahaha she gets too paranoid  
i feel like hallucinating
i want to spray paint a big blank wall  or a car  mmmph
"who is <propmale> blankenship? he likes the \x-files, heavy metal, and almost everything "
"<propfemale>, i'm pretty sure i like my job   laugh   and folklife is getting effing e playful ensive "
it's nice to hermit sometimes
"dear smokers of any substance: make your lungs better(and brain?)! hahaha\inhale through your nose for four seconds \hold your breath for seven seconds \exhale through tightly pursed lips, creating \back pressure","\"" \"acdeaf19e4af50a13765ce617eda6fc5,"apparently all of you guys have thought your mom was hot, and even felt competitive with your dad "
"<propmale> has twice the national rape rate, but i still  love  u"
fuck waking up in 5 hours and taking the school bus  i'm gonna be soooo tired   
i really wanted to say what's on your mind? because i didn't have anything to say but facebook won't let me do that  i guess now i have something to say 
take me to your grad party   or normal party that i can use to celebrate my grad-ness
i need to nap 
i like feet  i like to lick them  are your feet in need of a good licking? cause i can do that
my neighbor was out taking topless pictures in front of the mailbox  i wonder why 
"there's a aaa battery in the bottom of my toilet  there used to be a button in the bottom of my toilet, it was there for about a month and lasted through a lot of flushes  it also went away for a week and came back  but anyway, i'm not fishing out that battery "
"mmm, i want to take a train to seattle  it's so cheap!"
posing in pictures sideways with your hand on your hip is definitely a kamiak girls' thing  i just had to notice 
so much free-ness this week  let's <propfemale> out 
worka worka work  who wants me tonight after work?!
would you like a macaroon? i've got entrance wound-sized and exit wound-sized 
 love  ju$s me nn my b@bii boii <propmale> toniight  love 
\substances harvested from cannabis plants could soon outshine \,acdeaf19e4af50a13765ce617eda6fc5,"i love hearing the catdog song over and over and over and over, don't you just love marathons?"
"there's too much twilight going on in the world, i didn't know i could come to hate the word saga so much "
"who needs soap when you've got baking soda? seriously, i don't think i'll go back to shampoo and conditioner ever again  i've yet to see the effects of using it as a facewash, and i'm not sure about toothpaste   maybe if i throw in some lemon juice to whiten?"
oh oompa loompas
goodfire tonight!
i wanna go yurtin'
what sounds like fun right now?
what a great day yesterday  exactly what i was hoping for but better than i was e playful ecting  
what's a really amazing movie? i need to watch one right now 
will you please crack the lower right side of my back? i'm too lazy to google how to do it myself 
i have 137 shirts -21 now
going to sleep a little better tonight knowing that a naughty picture of <propfemale> will be watching over me all night from the ceiling above  wink 
i'm excited to camp out in the boonies with the bears and the mexicans
i like playing wheelbarrow with my dog  heheheeee
i would go gay for  nahee kwak
nahee kwak is misleading  she would go straight for me 
my dad won't stop taking a shit i need to get ready! use your own bathroom for that 
everything the pastor on 700 club said sounded strangely sexual  tattoo lighters suck 
infomercials sneak up on you when no one's looking  then you end up watching them for a couple hours because at first you don't notice and then you get into them  maybe i shouldn't be using second-person for this  
this infomercial is terrible it's tal<propmale> about medication and ta<propmale> control of your life and feeling better about yourself it's not even advertising anything  where's the remote i just grabbed <propfemale>'s head not the remote  yessssss <propmale> of the hill 
"i'm tempted to see either neon indian, tech n9ne, or rusko at the showbox  hmmmmmmmmmmm"
"there's food stuck under my comma ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
aww working during hempfest this year   sad 
"i guess i'll have my own, lonely, not in a park, by myself, but there's free food and no juggalos, hempfest "
"roadtrip! back on the 28th, if you happen to care "
i neeeeed to go to portland soon!
ups men are always bald
so much wu-tang  my ipod's almost full nooooo!
"awesome party! good tunes, good brew, good buddies  i feel great man  i feel great!! i dunno man, i hate my father, i hate my life, but i'm great man  you guys are great! i'm gonna go pick a fight "
"thanks to <propfirst>, my room is now furnished with a really nice pretty new hookahhhh!!"
oo wee  shoodlywoddlydiddlywiddlydiddly woooah-oah-oah  swing!
"fuck school, i'm so overwhelmed and it's only been three days  i think for the next ten weeks all i'll get to do is work and school and a little bit of sleep fuckfuckfackkfiacfuckdjafuuckckkd i think i'm gonna drown my sorrows in pot now"
i like mexican drug dealers
oreos are the only thing that actually taste better when they're stale
"i'm not a believer of fortune cookies, especially when you get them from places that don't sell real chinese food, but sometimes you get that one special one   haha"
i switch up my writing utensils to add excitement to my life
i haven't needed sleep this bad since sliced bread
i need a glow stick party to go to  i wanna get messy 
guess it's bellingham tonight?
there are so many asians in the library!!! there are so many asians everywhere
my eyes are bleeding 5-hour energies and coffee and fast food 20 hour days suck ass i feel better when i complain about it! gawd and it's only monday  weak!
i better be hungover tomorrow!!!
maybe i'll just stay in tonight  do some baking    wink 
i miss all my friends!!! urrghhhh
there's just something so nice about anonymity
applesauce head
chem 142 is a brain-rotting disease
my bed finally broke but i'm too lazy to take the frame out  i hope it doesn't collapse on me tonight inclined sleeping is awkward  ughh now i won't have a bed anymore but hey i just found a nug on my floor!
every time i click something i have to hold my internet cable in everything issss brokennnnnn!
i love rashelle <propfemale>!
"i've got one sexy bank statement, getting paid to go to school fuck yeah so tempted to blow it on pointless things   "
super glue and safety pins and duct tape
"hahaha   someone wrote me a haiku \\you like to smell things?\",acdeaf19e4af50a13765ce617eda6fc5,now that i have a fancy phone facebook is going to suck me deeper into its black abyss  but hey ill actually text people back now  !
now how am i gonna kill 2 hours in seattle tomorrow before the bus comes   anyones else in the same boat? please?
is a screaming elk ringtone worth $2 99? i'm thinking it is  
i don't have to do shit today and its great
my dad got me a radar detector  smile 
i've got a craving for philosophy and sex and not giving any more shits  not to say i gave too many shits before  something needs to be different 
apparently one in eighteen people have a third nipple  that's about 14 of my facebook friends!
you guys will never know because my phone corrects my typos
yaaay <propfemale> won tickets free tickets to victory friday bassnectar at the paramount saturday hotel room with friends after big weekend ahhh i'm gonna be worn out
gawd <propfemale> ya look like a damn pin cushion!!
nahee's in my mouth and several other holes
"the more you get to know the more you know you don't know  textbooks blow my mind sometimes, gahd i'm such a freakin' nerd "
some of you guys really need to stop making your display picture a close-up of you kissing your boy girlfriend   the internet doesn't care about looking at that kind of thing 
do you think i'm a hipster? hehehehe
hummus on the go!!!
ughh  so what's a good brand of laptop to buy that can take a beating?
second time in a row my computer's fucked up my grade on a weekly exam  i think it's time 
