7f6a081ac62568e0625fee9aed2b73ac
"my wish for you in 2010      may peace break into your home and may thieves come to steal your debts   may the pockets of your jeans become a magnet for $100 bills   may love stick to your face like vaseline and may laughter assault your lips  may happiness slap you across the face and may your tears be that of joy  may the problems you had, forget your home address!"
"we have school tommorow  it sucks, wasn't enough time  oh well "
i am very bored  getting annoyed at this stupid computer  doesn't do a thing right 
"had a great weekend, enjoying summer with a little more than a month left   frowny  loving my cocunut cake  yum! ^ ^"
"i want to go swimming, but it started raining now i can't get mom out  go figure  school in a little more than a month, can you believe it?!?"
had a wonderful time swimming before the storm came!~
i'm bored 
"i'm still bored, and can't go swimming because of rain   don't ya know 24 days isn't enough to stay in the house all day!  frowny "
"gah  school is so soon     and, i dislike my p e teacher greatly  everything would be perfect ecept for that  beh "
"i love my new dog  but, feel sorry for <propfemale> "
"people over internet don't understnad the difference between \rude\"" and \""opinion \"" it bugs me forever more   """
has too much work to do  e_e
is home sick 
im going to miss my sister   crying 
missing my sister so much  <propfemale> you will forever be in my heart  r i p sissy  <propfemale> grondin- gamet
"i think what hurts the most is taking someone for granted, thinking they will always be there no matter what   and then feeling lost because they're gone and all you want to do is hear their voice one last time  xxx rest in peace my beautiful sister  xxx <propfemale> grondin- gamet"
is wondering where the reset button is on her life 
wants to move to colorado or wyoming  its sssooo pretty there 
i miss snow  it's not fair michigan and the rest of the country is getting snow  <propfemale> and texas got snow  do we get snow? no     let is snow  let it snow  let is snow 
"tons of fun on the last day of skool  (; friends sang great, and the pep rally was awesome  was trippinnn during the end though, lol "
5 days till christmas! ???
smile! you're beautiful! [spread the word] http annoyed  operationbeautiful com 
on facebook from my awesome new notebook - and it's pink  wooooooooo! thanks mom!
bored sick tired and can't sleep 
white
might be going to disney world next weekend   wink 
eatin taco shells  don't wanna go to school tommorow   
9 inches   frowny 
"has too much homework to do  going green, so one of the first things to do is cut back on homework  homework hurts trees  please tell all your friends to cut back on homework!  wink "
i karate chopped a fork in an elevator because bid bird said to and he's my leader 
yumm oreos 
needs a punchingbag 
it's snowing!
loving the 2010 vancouver olympics 
"pssst, germany ahead of u s  by one medal   frowny "
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!  wink 
"if a chicken says, \all chickens are liars\"" is the chicken telling the truth?"""
talkin to ashleyyy and suzieee(; fighting with <propfemale> bout south vs  north    lol 
"so its the first day of spring but it feels like summer!  wink  played with the hose today, sippin lemonade too "
hope for the best; e playful ect the worst   
freak yea spring break is here 
goin to the beach tommorow!!!  smile  today was really fun   and hot 
on the way to the beach!  smile 
never eating fast food again  ewwww!
"well im alone again ughhhhhh, but laughing at my sister cuz' she gotta leave southern weather for snow back home in mi  haha!"
"well just chillin, tired    talkin on the phone like usual    homework later   found all my old michigan friends  ;p"
i really want to go to australia   heart-broken 
i'm going dog-sitting  lmaooo 
"well the good news is i got nominated to be chosen for a free 2yr scholoarship at south piedmont, bad news is i can't bring myself to do the essay   sad  i'm a great writer but ughhh    "
i'm awesome!  smile  friggin love that song 
what the hell is up with these headaches though for real    
talking to ashleyyy   smile  she one crazy chick    kinda like me   love 
i'm home  out later though   dinner 
"happy cinco de mayo everyone!  smile  watched my friends dance they did great, they were awesome! ;3"
"goin to bed early, night "
on the way to school     annoyed  had so many fricking nightmares last night 
"ahhh <propfemale>   annoyed \me: southern accents are annoying \kara: no northern ones are yall talk so funny and yall say pop and yall dont know what grits and sweet tea are!\me: oh really  thats because it is pop! \kara: no its soda \\notice the yalls  lmao  love ya <propfemale>   laugh ddd\and for the record  i know what a grit is    disgusting  and tea? eww  she is such a southener   smile "
my highlights are fading      annoyed 
gotta love waking up at 3am   annoyed 
"today was fun, free period was cool   laugh  spent is with <propfemale>  ;3 gotta love her!"
"okay mom and sis you can see my wall now, lol   smile "
"you pass the north korean border illegally \& you get 12 years of hard labor  you pass the afghan border \illegally & you get shot  you pass the american border & you get\a job, driver's license, allowance for a place to live, healthcare, \& education   billions of dollars spent so you can read  we <propfemale> \passports in other    countries or face jail time   repost if you agree"
my foot hurts  baaad saturday school next weekend 
"it's soooooooooooooo hot out  like the past few days, err weeks  still getting used to southern weather "
stomachhhh huuurttss   smile 
ohh nooo                       eogs this week   sad 
"getting ready for school, but thats hard because i can't find my shoe  argh "
just got back from dancing in the rainnn   smile 
eog today  ughhh 
got so stressed during todays eog 
it's so fricking hot outside! and it's only spring!
"about to go to school, and mom you owe me 20 dollars   smile "
"beach tommorow! anddd, you can tell it's almost summer because all the fireworks are out for the 4th of july!"
ocean was very beautiful   smile 
"still tired from the beach yesterdayyy   surprise  3 day weekend woot   smile  no school monday^^  \memorial day 2o1o!  smile "
sittin with <propfirst> watchin the boys play soccerrr
very happy school is almost over 
thunderstorm  smile  love them 
just got home  tommrow last friday of the school year smile  oh yessss 
my computer is fixed!  smile 
"about to clean the pool  eeew  and  if i bit by a venemous snake this is goodbye, lmao   smile "
goal in the first 5mins???!?!?!?!!?! what the hell  ughhhhhhhh  screaming mad right now!
pool will be open soon    like finally hah  ;3
"it's 89 degrees inside the house, cause it's so hot the air conditioner won't cool the house   indecision "
beat la  mwa  go celtics  yeaaa! boston celtics  love 
goin swimmin in the pool   wink  so hot out!
"okay, somebody needs to fire that referee from the usa-slovenia match! no reason to take back the goal! that's why he won't say why he took it back   "
"ha ha ha ha, who knew canada could could have an earthquake big enough to be felt in michigan, new york, and illinois    i so want to feel oneee "
   
tired after eating my root beer float  yeeah   smile  sweet sweet summer   
4-1 bye england    
"hmmm    i got her to like soccer  mission accomplished? i think so   smile \~ *<propfemale>* ~ says (10 surprise 5 pm):hell yea you know what watchin soccer is interesting \\just chey  love  says (10 surprise 6 pm):finally you figure that out!!!!! yusssssssssssss!"
gooooo spaiiinnnnnnn!
4th of july soon woooooooo! smile 
well same old same old  laugh  mom talking to sis <propfemale> grondin-johnson aaand we're cooking foood only wish i were with my family  x3
awwwwwwwwwwww one of these days i'll see a nyc or d c fireworks  cause' they the best ever     but noot today oh well  laugh 
espana euro champs  espana world champs   smile  ~  love 
"wow, the <propfemale> is so pretty tonight   smile  xoxo"
uh oh  
life is randomly beautiful  so instead of wanting life to be perfect just remember you can't have a rainbow without a little rain   
schooooool = suckish 
"aw, it's 9 11 ya'll   love  9 11 victims      we love you   never forget!"
lalala its 7:23am and im going to schoool    laugh 
woof
"haha , stuuupid school "
hellooo   smile  aha  today was pretty awesome   well for the most part anyways 
today was great aha  smile  woooo
cookies smile 
fieldtrip was fun haha smile  pie fight   playful 
<propfemale> laterrr smile   love 
brownies  ima' make them laterrr  
is in michigan smile  after like forever    stupid long ride 
well my 4am black friday shopping was pretty awesome even though it was freakin cold and snowing smile 
back in nc gooosh i don't want schooool e_e
december is tomorrow i seems to have figured that ouuut  woo smile 
weekends go by like waay to quickly 
omg it's snoowiiiing! amazing like kthanks smile 
"worlds hardest game  smh, <propfemale> + susi  hmm  grrr "
hey there sunshine 
hi i really really love you snoooow    love 
aha uhmm happy birthday to mehhh smile  todays gonna be amazingly fun i knooow this to be trueeee    love  thanks for all the birthday texts and calls and stuffff   smile 
 smile 
blehhhhhh  homework 
some people  never  change  
"beastly movie tomorrow ,  love  shouuld be funn  "
ily springbreeeeeeak   smile 
