74ab6df0a6d8f3c5f31ab42cbb8dc4a0
is planning his trip to california!
is leaving by the end of this week!
 laugh 
is leaving   not on a jet plane   i know when i'll be back again   (i guess it's not as catchy)
is gone!
"is in california!   not in l a , just hanging out in idyllwild for a couple days!"
"going into the city tomorrow to find a place to live  the roommates seem like they'd be pretty cool, so wish me luck!"
is in the treehouse in l a ! (apparently <propmale> morrison lived in one of these apartments!)
you know something is about to go wrong when you meet the perfect girl 
has most of the good pictures up so check them out! it was an amazing trip!
erg
"i'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laughing at myself, lol"
"i'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laughing at myself, lol  i'll put up a website soon "
"i'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laugh at myself, lol  i'll put up a website soon "
i am very sick of looking at myself  
had a very interesting day  and got a second look from the actress who plays <propfemale> in that 70s show   smile 
"i'm going with this one! (for now, but the others are still available, haha) thanks everyone for all your help!  laugh "
just finished reserving some love   i wish it was that easy all the time  
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! it was wonderful!
"is pissed!! i'm tired, have been packing, decided to skip death valley so i would have some much needed energy for vegas, and i get a fourth parking ticket for blocking the sidewalk when i was packing my car   and it says on the comment for my ticket that the vehicle had no activity! no activity?! what??!! f**kers! i've wasted 200 hundred dollars on your bs half-assed reasons for ticketing a car with md tags!! }:["
is in alabama having a great time!
"sorry if i don't reply to your comments, posts, et cetera  i'll be busy  had the best summer of my life! and now i'm even more excited about this wild ride that is life!     also if you commented on a wall post recently odds are i didn't get it because i was getting rid of other stuff and think i deleted those notifications   annoyed "
"sorry if i don't reply to your comments, posts, et cetera  i'll be busy  had the best summer of my life! and now i'm even more excited about this wild ride that is life!    also if you commented on a wall post recently odds are i didn't get it because i was getting rid of other stuff and think i deleted those notifications   annoyed  sooo   comment on it again please   smile "
is home!
wishes he did not try to find picture of the awesome hike we took during which my camera got lost because the pictures we took were better!!
just got a call to be on madmen - too bad i'm 3 time zones away  
is an idiot
's back to normal
"wishes i could have one more week  still need to go camping, canoeing, caving, climbing   hm   what else starts with a \c\""?"""
what a night!
is now certified to play with guns   theatrical - but still deadly - guns  smile 
why did i have to wait to do my homework on the first beautiful day in a while!
needs a break
is ready and set  the starting gun will fire soon and i will <propmale> 
it's such a beautiful day!   too bad i have a performance tonight   can't wait to go enjoy the outdoors on sunday!
wants an apple
is tired   done with one show and on with another 
doesn't have rehearsal tomorrow! holy shit! a day off!!!!!!!!
"i'll miss you, pup :`("
ugh
where is the sun!!?? come back! i need that funky high from the yellow sun 
just played with broad swords! awesome!
isn't it strange? how we move our lives for another day? it's like skippin' a beat
is trying to reply to the comments i got but it's not working  
wants to stop going to class and wants to go hiking 
just had a waste of a weekend 
went swimming this weekend  outside!
just thought of the perfect line today   about 2 sec  too late  shucks!
why can't this rain be snow?!
is almost done <propfirst> brown's new book! but needs sleep    sad 
snow!!!  laugh    bout time  
there's snow and ice on the ground and it thunders? oh frostburg   
really wants to go rock climbing  hope it at least stays above 30
is getting back to adding music to my itunes!
loves snow! about time   but bad timing 
wants to go hiking so he can use all the new stuff he got!
well shit  applications due feb  1st? apparently applications due before the quota is filled 
if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    
is going to mexico!!
"not only is <propfirst> going to mexico this month, but now he's also going back to the awesome desert! (provided i'm not working at the time  )"
what is this shit?
this shit is nuts! i love it!
was just hanging out in an igloo <propfirst> and i built!
we all float on okay
i think i'm going to miss this daily workout of shoveling snow   
"just sang the worst he has ever <propfirst> on stage in his life   on a broadway stage, with the set of avenue q behind him    epic fail"
had an awesome weekend in annapolis philly!
doesn't  know where his phone is   so if you need to get a hold of me   best bet is calling (301) 689-5064   or send me a message on here or an email mrbowling0@frostburg edu
"found my phone!    and more importantly, found my water bottle!!!"
this is nice  first saturday in a while when i can just chill 
ugh
is having outdoor adventure withdrawal  sad 
does anyone who is in or around frostburg want to drive away from this rain and go camping?
is going to potentially going to be doing a lot of driving this week   here to new york to annapolis to new york to baltimore and back
is in his hotel room in new york  it's comparable in size to his old apartment on center street!
just got his hair cut!
does not want to do this dialect work  
wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others 
is capt'n <propfirst>!
that thing i sent everyone about ikea was bs  thought i'd take a <propmale>  sorry everyone!
thinks this background check for volunteering to help choreograph fights for west side story is a bit much   or at least the video is  
"is ready for a knife fight inside folsom prison!! haha, yea right  "
this weekend is going to be an epic adventure-filled fun time!
why is it only wednesday!?!?
"is excited for his rendezvous with his cougar lover, mother nature"
and then when i get to the ocean i'm gonna take a boat to the end of the world
can't wait to have an audience!!
thanks for everyone who came tonight and helped us have a great opening!
it is soooo nice out!!
sent his application and deposit in for stunt school!!!
is ready to fight!! grrr  laugh 
"had an awesome day! and as a bonus, passed his fights, and now is certified in 6 of 8 main weapons!"
"is gonna teach how to shank, folsom prison style!"
dialects is kicking my ass  why did i choose iraeli??
"just got a call from <propfirst> boushey, founder of the united stuntmens' association, and i am in!"
is possibly more excited about going to the national parks in washington than stunt school itself   it's gonna be another amazing summer!!!
watch religulous!!
keeps forgetting he has no more work to do!!
what a great day mountainbiking in savage river state <propmale>!
hello hail!
"wild things now has the best pizza in frostburg  e playful ensive, but hopefully that'll go down "
needs to get back in shape  and tonight was a good start!
"had a four hour \nap\"" today from being knocked out and now can't sleep and is bored  clean the room??"""
is outta here!!  smile 
is back  for now 
"packing up my life   well, at least the stuff i need for my drive west, for stunt school, and whatever else i can fit "
is in seattle!
"day one: falls, falls, falls, rolls, more falls, some more rolls, diving rolls, one punch  moderately sore (before sleep  we shall see if that changes in the morning )"
"anyone wanna (and able to) come to seattle at the end of aug  and accompany me during the car ride to wherever i go next? (las vegas or california most likely ) must be willing to camp, possibly sleep in a car for a night or three, and make me sandwiches while driving so we can eat on the go!"
fell down stairs today  many times  it was apparently not my lucky day   playful  it was a blast!!     and then i sort of got blasted off a mini tramp (and i'm not talking about a slutty midget) onto a mat!
"you say jump, i say how much will you pay me?"
had a great birthday! thanks everyone for all the good wishes!
trust in god  but tie your camel first 
"thought about all he has to do before leaving seattle  like looking for auditions, and updating his resume, and sending letters to people      "
trust in god  but tie your camel first 
"is going to la and doesn't have a place to stay! anyone want to put me up for a night? or know of anyone who could? does anyone need a roommate, or know someone who does?  if not, where's a cheap place to live?!?!"
is in la! good to be back!
they called him blackheart  he was bold and bawdy  cunning and cutthroat  sexy and seductive  he came from no where and broke hearts everywhere 
wow  just watched the most recent burn notice  wow
it is soooo great to see many of my friends from last year!!!!
back home for a week! hit me up!
"dunc's tonight (for a little bit), wild things tomorrow!"
wild things this evening 
wild things again tonight if anyone's interested  going a little after 10
is in l a    again    it was great seeing everyone! love and miss you all!
just wants to have a place to put my stuff!!
"just looked again at the fsu theatre department's shows, and really wishes i was there to be a part of them, or at least see them  "
"just saw a guy wipe out on a skateboard riding down the street, hahaha"
"found a place to live and is no longer a gypsy!! 3 bed, 2 bath in north hollywood! now time to not be unemployed   "
hopefully will be getting representation this weekend!!  laugh 
"misses winter weather advisories   now \cold\"" is below 60"""
has an agent!!!  laugh 
thanks to anyone who already commented on my photos  i had to delete the album cuz i got rid of a few bad pictures so i could fit all of them into one album   and now i'm reloading them 
"has new headshots and needs people to comment! i'm going to use one from each look, so if you can say one or two from each look that you like, that would be great! thanks!!"
down to 47 pictures from 209!! still have some more narrowing down to do  
really needs to get outside and do something adventurous
will be back in frostburg from december 16th to january 3rd!!!
who out of frostburg students will still be around late finals week? i come home the 16th and want to see as many people as i can before you all leave for break 
"\as a people we are here to learn  it is the act of learning that justifies our continued existence \""  think about it  e playful lains a lot!"""
"had a great day of climbing! i'll be feeling it in the morning  3 days til in md, 4 til frostburg!"
had an amazing night watching shooting stars while overlooking malibu! it's been a great week so far - climbing and a meteor shower in so cal ! and it's gonna get even better cause i'm 2 days away from home with friends and family  laugh 
"is back in wonderful, snowy frostburg!! good to be home"
"anyone watch american ninja warrior? if you do, you'll know <propfirst> is a little bitch!"
"good day, sunshine!"
"beach yesterday for a bit, snowshoeing tomorrow! oh how i love southern callifornia!"
"ahhhh! i just lost everything from my computer! pictures, documents, music, gone!  crying  oh boy "
fergie's rendition of sweet child o mine made my ears bleed
"i do believe my frostburg email account is finally ending  i cannot update my password, so i think eventually it will e playful ire, not allowing me to get on that email   "
was just checking out some old pictures and miss my friends soooooo much  from people i've been hanging out with up until the last day i was in the burg to the seniors i haven't seen since my freshman year at frostburg  love you all 
"\thrill-seeking wayward dreamer\"""""
is thinking of cutting his hair short again  probably will soon 
anyone in la wanna go bunjee jumping? $80 for one jump
zeitgeist day 2011  watch the movies (or just one)  i dare you 
"passed 2 accidents on the way home last night (one of which caused the police to close the highway,) and saw someone spin out right in front of him  these angelinos don't know much about driving in the pouring rain, apparently "
"so i just happened to notice this ad on here that shows a taco the size of a toddler with the caption \365 things to do in orange county before you die\"" and i couldn't help but think that i hope whoever does that has accomplished the other 364 first """
loves the fact that pandora just played mrs  robinson on their indie rock station!
