407529915673393c81573078ab470c7b
can't stop thinking about you my love 
i'm okay!!!
*really can't wait to move to florida and is nervous* love you osiris!!!
trying to make time go faster    
"i'm thankful that no matter how bad a person messes up their parents always will love them in the end, and so i'm headed home, to start over, clean up the mess, and walk forward in life with my head held high  dreams may never come true, but i thank everyone i've met along the way and for the effect that they have all had on me  may it be for the best and may everyone have a pleasent journey through life as well "
"look not at what one doesn't have  life may be hard and rough at times but one must never take for granted the small things, and be thankful for everything one has "
happy thanksgiving!
finally getting meds hopefuly and seeing a shrink  things will get better  finally 
"going to the phsyc soon, hopefully get meds eventually  i'm tired of the rollercoaster, the rapid cycling that i can't control  the anger the joy, the pain, the anger the joy    over and over again "
"<propfemale> christmas, happy holidays, and happy yule"
happy new year!! zomg     sweee     erm yeah  
i hate valentines day 
why must i go on in this world?
i bother anymore why?
"wake me from this nightmare, take the pain away again  you promised you would never go, and yet you're gone for good "
death   it's all thats left isn't it? it's all around   it's all that's seen  so many endings  and i can't stop it   
"he stole my pictures, he stole my stuff, now he takes everyone away  with lies  why did i ever beleive him     \i'll never leave\"" they all say that  it's always empty words  he lies about his past  yet everyone beleives him  they are all brainwashed  i see it time and time again """
how are you supposed to take things when a friend tells you they have cancer   
no body cares anymore anyways  see you in hell
"death is a beautiful thing  why wont it take me? i beg and plead but why can't i die? please   please   make the light go away, it torments and teases, harassing but never taking fully "
"http annoyed  www dldhistory com \sign up and get a 10% discount if you type in the promo code: <propfirst>"
*dragged back onto facebook by <propfirst>!!* okay i give in! i'll actually use this thing for once again!
pulled something in my shoulder neck!!  annoyed 
 annoyed 
stupid hangover headach! grr
*feels like shyte*
"power was out all night and still was in the morning till i said \i want power\"" then poof! there was light  and it was good!"""
waaaaay to hyper waaay to much cafffiene zoooooom!!!!
make the pain inside go away  make the anger go away  make it all stop   it's got to stop 
so much snow!!!
happy late thanksgiving though it's not over for me yet rofl 
not even a whole day back at my parents and i already caught a cold!! *blames her mom for getting sick*
"fucking ass hole wtf i want my fucking stuff back from your place <propfirst>! \damnit"
*wants to kill someone*
what is so wrong with me that i can't get the smallest break in life?
yeah   right    anyways   life goes on  just want my shit back and figure out what next  who will screw me over next time  
stomach on edge really don't feel good now  annoyed   *hunts down some peppermint*
and so time goes on  another fall another pain  weaving between the lightning strikes  what is next?
complicated    that's one word for life that basically covers everything 
"no matter where you go, what you do, i'll always be in the shadows, always watching, always waiting  i'm here always for you, a shoulder, a wall, a heart, a mind open and here  i don't give up, i don't stand aside "
"in the darkness a shadow walks, with lengthy dark dress from times of old, and cloak pulled tightly around  with soft torchlight, blue eyes glitter as they gaze through windows  watching lives walk by, watching every gesture, listening to every word  alone she fights off the cold of winter  unseen by all, yet seeing all unable to touch the world "
okay who wants to edit my shit that i write?!
one application done    *crosses fingers and prays something goes my way for once*
"the wonders of winter, the days have become so dark now  the beauty of night rearing up, with the wind and rain ripping through  2 smile 0pm and it's starting to get dark! gotta love this area!"
"forget this life, come with me, don't look back you're safe now, unlock your heart, drop your guard, no one's left to stop you "
"and so the christmas music starts playing everywhere constantly non stop  i like the songs but seriously, the same ones over and over again gets old!"
to kill a man tomorrow or not   okay okay i should behave and not let anyone else do it either   
humm <propfirst> dumm    
sigh
bloody hell i miss everything!
snowmen hunting!!
go huskies!!!!
little late in posting   r i p <propfirst> neilsen! loved his movies!
"people are annoying, stupid and like to complain alot just to be heard  really getting sick of it too <propfemale>  just need to not let them drag you down and still enjoy playing  just wish the monthly bitching would stop "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal, is to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse!copy and paste this to your status,    to invite your friends to do the same"
"i wish i was your tear-drop, conceived in your heart, born in your eyes, lived on your cheeks, and died on your lips "
omfg eff off me  and my mom wonders why the fuck i smoke? hmm i wonder! if she would fuck off and leave me the hell alone maybe i would stop  but no she's just out to fuck me over like always and push me down more  making me rather live in a car that i don't have anymore  *sighs* damnit there went my good mood 
*throws her hands up and sighs* give me a break somewhere 
"how to get somewhere with no money, no transportation, and no friends that would could get me to and from    yeah definately <propfirst> this time "
mormon invasion!!! *runs and hides*
*is about to smite the person that added me with the photo of a spider as their picture    *
wow    the one place i go online at has blocked all pagan wiccan occult cult etc sites and anything related to such  how stupid 
wow so bored lately   
*wonders what is wrong with some people*
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please post "
*sighs lightly* why? is it on purpose? what the hell am i supposed to feel? bah  silly things really    *nod nod*
"take it away  take it all away  i beg you, i pray to you  "
"if i were to die today, how would you remember me?"
"keep looking forward, keep fighting, keep your head up  never give up  never surrender  the ones that can't accept you for who you are, aren't worth a damn thing to you  you are beautiful "
i'm going to sing the doom song! doom doom doom! doomy doom doom! dadoodiedoom! time for the doom song! doom doom doom! we're going to live for ever! oh there's nothing like the boss! the boss is great and wonderful! we be in the dungeon! ooo yeah! we be in the dungeon with monsters! we is alllllssss doomed!
i fucking hate people 
*is extremely pissed* whoever the hell orded me to be fucked over at every <propfemale> turn is going to effing die  eitehr that or i just don't give a fuck  *sighs and waits the hours to be able to smoke*
*stares at comp in safe mode and just prays she can fix it and beat the shit out of the virus trojan bullshit thingamajig   *
yay!!! me 1 virus 0!
blessed yule and solstice!
"*sneaks around a new user profile, tip toeing away from malware virus, letting out a small giggle*"
great just effing great already in a effed up pissed mood for no reason  someone just effing shoot me  i deserve it really!
"yep just as i thought  no presents, no hot water, another thing broken that can't be afforded  the year had to throw one more thing at us "
please goddess let nothing more break     let something go right for once    we need a miracle  that's all there is to it    a miracle  miracles don't happen here though   crying 
effing grrr formatted computer can't get the damn drivers to get online fucking pissed right now you have no effing clue how pissed
what can go wrong will always go fucking wrong and 10times as bad for me  fuck you world
after many many hours baning head against a suddenly invisible wifi card i'm back up!    now for all the windows updates
something some time has to go right    at least i'll get a phone with 250 mins a month for free   alot of good that will do though
great now the laptop screen keeps shutting off wtf! *curses up a storm*
"if my laptop dies   well i guess i'm just fucked up the ass  no way to talk to anyone anymore, no way to get anywhere  would be my fucking luck  and no way to fucking get a new one  yeah i probably should calm down but right now i don't really give a damn  it's the only damn thing i have to my name  not that i e playful ect anyone to understand "
backlight on laptopscreen died 
*hates dumbshit assholes*
someone kidnap me before i go insane? please? or rather before i rip someone a new one   *drinks a little beer and smokes a cig*
"can't wait to escape the circle of madness that has set in  the drama that never ends  dizzy with it all  <propfemale> next to none, shorter temper flares, pushing everyone away  *sighs*"
"why do i bother again? playing this game   apparently i'm just a powerlvler like others because i can play more often  yeah i know i'll never make it anywhere, just on the outside nearly touching but not really and yet i still effing beat my head against the same brick wall   and oh joy my lungs hurt a little   oh well  *sigh* why still depressed    "
nothing like a good buzz from beer   
"another time of pissing everyone off, joy  fine w e i don't give a shit "
fucking make it stop   i give up  damnit i give up 
"frc: can you guys make sure when you visit the frc forums to read justicar's security message and update your profiles to hide all information that could pose a risk - hide your email, hide your online status by going invis and make sure your passwords are updated \frc will never email you, if you don't know who email is from don't open it "
"i'm tired of caring, tired of feeling  tired of waiting for the end "
what is with all effing men? should i just give it all up?
everytime everything is planned out and goes well without fail no matter how many promises it never works out and always end up back to square one 
every guy fucks me over for another girl  every bloody damn time  why do i even fucking bother?
i just want this life to end  
oh no   i found <propfemale> on facebook   i'm doomed   
"ugh, so irratated and pissy and i fucking hate it  yet it wont go away "
i want it all out of my head  that's all i ask of life  i just want it all out of my head 
next one to make me laugh gets shot! *is suffering through the painful advice of someone and glaring in their direction*
hiccup        hiccup     hiccup   nooo make it stop!
almost better   
"have you ever felt like you're not ap<propmale> of this world  you're just a watcher, looking through a window  watching time pass, people come and go  every time you reach to it something changes something crumbles  not like a god or goddess but like a guide, a weaver spinning the threads, like a painter watching the <propmale> come alive "
whoever the eff complained or bitched at him this time i swear i'll hunt them down  though he shouldn't have taken things so hard as much as i understand why one would 
i want it to rain    so i don't have to stay home with mum   *groans*
oh screw it i'm finding a way to get back into school   
why is it they hackers griefers bitchers always win? you know what i have to say to them? they can go eff themselves somewhere else and pray i don't find them first  *shrug* stay in touch frcers  luv ya guys and thanks for all the friends and great times 
back at 11 smile 0pm pst ish
*mutters to self*
"right hand foot weird skin condition itches like effing hell, hives on my right leg that itch like hell, the wisdom tooth biting cheek thing was on the right side    and if i said someone give me a break i'll probably end up breaking something on my right side   grr *takes allergy meds, ibprohen, and lots of ice*"
"fine! i'm cursed on frsf  i get it, it hates me  *grumbles about it sucking up my character and not spitting it back out*"
that's it i'm stealing someone's body! i need a new one! *grumbles*
oh the wonders of being bipolar go from freaking pissed to no end to more hyper than one should ever be!!
"*sighs* frc down, savage i can't adventure on because it hates me "
"you and i wake up in bed together    using 5 words, what would you say to me? **note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along!\curious   curiousity killed the cat   but   curious none"
ew ew the fun part of this horrid skin issue: when it all peels off   feels so strange! maybe i'm a snake or something   
"*reinstalled nwn, runs updater and prays it works right this time*"
cellulitus oh the joys   *sighs and keeps trying to get a hold of a friend to get into the er *
"thunder, lightning, hail, rain  "
*goes to smoke a bunch since she's liable to kill someone and extremely pissed for no reason*
my eyes are green no pinchingness!!!  *sticks out tongue*
and the radiation hits now   when do i become a super hero?
people need to stop bitching whining moaning about frc and spells and everything  suck it up or eff off 
"((keeps it going as it's very catching))\ahchoo!!if you're allergic to bull-crap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people, keep this sneeze going  i cant wait to see who does this!"
"if it weren't illegal i would have fucking killed everyone around me already  there's no way to e playful lain the anger i have, and getting harder and harder again to fight it back  but such is fucking life when one is fucked in the head "
*mutters about colds*
parents always fighting  stupid shit   same old thing same day over and over   *sigh* not that i ever can do anything right or be good enough for them 
"\big stig!\"""""
yay effin yay   *rolls eyes*
 l     l 
<propmale> the duck ftw!
finally not feeling sick to my stomach for no reason
