7201eb870fbfecb839b8fe575dfb2b50
sleepless night + early morning store meaning + open close shift + work funstion = zombie bryant   goodnight!
im on a boat!
2 more days of work and then 1 more week in miami  wink 
i feel all muggy  damn you broken ac!
yay ac is working now!
one trip to the doctor later and i find out i have minor dislocation in the shoulder
"so i came home and ate a fortune cookie just now  exact words it said were \you will travel to many places\"""""
is definitely gonna invest in a hat
in about an hour my first classes start and already im looking at some of the work thats gonna be due
"misses using the real internet  on that note ive been learning much in my cinema history class, much of which i probably would have never learned on my own"
a sandstorm followed by rain  what is up with this damn state?
"despite the hiccup from earlier today, my monday has been smooth thus far"
"iphone software update to 3 0 1 is taking forever  this shit better start shoooting laser beams out of the camera while screaming \im<propfemale> firin <propfemale> lazor!\"""""
wants the new behemoth album  annoyed 
does anybody have an alternative to downloading music besides frostwire limewire?
yes! first semester done  wrapping up the week by auditioning for a local stoner movie too!
theres some interesting stuff going on in the news
yeah go fins!
whats the worst advice you ever taken?
"hating this project, enjoying the music"
<propmale> benassi - turn me up
cmon dolphins! you retarded excuse for fish better pick up that slack!
needs a girlfriend  sad 
"my phone wont be working until tomorrow, sorry if you have called me or texted me in the past 2 days and i havent replied"
"my phone has been stolen, dont bother trying to reach me anytime soon, sorry guys"
"life can suck sometimes but so long as we learn something from it, then the time spent wasnt spent for nothing"
doesnt miss his phone  is he crazy?
wassup facebook?
dirty deeds done dirt cheap  wink 
saw pandorum last night  it was pretty decent  about 8 10
"<propfirst> whalberg to play \irish\"" <propfirst> <propmale> in the upcoming movie \""the fighter\"" sounds veerrry interesting"""
call me el chef
azucar!
<propfemale> christmas to everybody! have fun dont do anything too stupid
"good news! my baby niece is born! a healthy baby girl born 12:27 on 12 27  she weighs 6 lbs 9 oz, yes!"
sometimes people just piss me the fuck off  that being said i wash my hands clean of this mess  night  wink 
"2010 will bring about a different <propmale>  no more scaredy <propmale>, its about time i take charge, so good bye 2009 and hi 2010  wink "
feels ostrasized  sad 
<propfirst> mcdonald is a putita
<propfirst> farley is my hero  i aspire to be a funny fat man one day
does anybody know where i can get a hold of the p90x program for cheap or better?
"damn so i was looking at my school calander and i see the next real vacation for us isnt until july  sorry miami, you'll have to do without me for the next 6-7 months"
hates having colds
hey! ifeeeeeell good! i knew that i would  wink 
when you look down you lose sight of whats good in life; keep your head up and remember the good things in life
"i got skype \bryantboada1990\"""""
scarface is still the shit
boogie nights is one fucked up movie
its not unusual to be loved by anyone  wink 
so   is fb chat not working tonight?
hey everybody thanks for showing some love today i really appreciate it!
im fading in and out   i do horrible with slideshows
slayer!!!
loves making improvements in my life
back to the salt mines again   see you all at 4am  sad 
stinkmeanor 3!
just one more month of this   and then 2 weeks of peace thank god
good morning   and goodnight!
"work: done  school, studying, then pay day    and im already dead tired   "
got me a bamboo drawing tablet  wink 
peace  see you all at 10am eastern
hmm so 2 days ago marks my 1st year of being in this mess  yay
to hell with my apartment complex! and to hell with my job!! *head e playful lodes*
just got home fromwork let go early cause of no business     now i cant sleep  sad 
goodnight arizona and goodnight miami im going back to the coal mines  peace 
cmon lebron! next dream team is gonna be in miami!
yeah lets go heat! as for you bandwagon fans   you know who you are   
"<propmale>, you can keep <propfirst> carrey cause we got lebron"
still cant believe its been a year since i left miami  and in a couple hours from now im gonna be back in the 305
"yo lets mix things up a bit, im back home!"
my baby neice is a coolio!
"after watching \through the wormhole with <propfirst> freeman\"" it is my firm belief that i should use <propfirst> <propmale> to announce should i ever revive the twilight zone one day"""
fuck! i was on the verge of a profound thought and poof! its gone    gnight guys
im thinking about custom building a pc in the future  for right now its research  hey pc veterans out there what should be my first step in understanding custom pc's? heres what i know: its gonna be w7 64-bit  im gonna build a monster tower!
"fun times! thanks to my friends and family for makin it fun  wrestling around, having some awesome bbq and having a few shots  pure greatness!"
another one bites the dust!
whats on my mind? quite a few conflicting things actually
oh! and boom goes the dynamite
why the fuck have i not been geting any good sleep these past few days?
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has \lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put \this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't\ copy and paste  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight "
wow what a stark contrast to the weather we usually get in arizona    love it!
had fun in miami! now its time to get back to the grind in az 
i forgot hot hot the sun is out here
my thoughts on dinosaurs and fossil fuels: theyre dead we dont really know if they existed unless we have a damn time machine and we already have many on display in museums  use em for fuel we already remember them with jurassic park!
whats goin on party people?
it seems every fucking day my apartment's ac doesnt work  im about to blow this place straight to hell the way im feeling toay
feeling classy: the blue danube
"wow so 9 years ago our country changed drastically  so many people lost and still so many to this day over petty differences god bless all the soldiers, fire fighters, officers, and anybody who does what they can to keep this world a little bit safer for us "
good morning and good night
whats with this cold? i was fine one second earlier today and then i start getting a runny nose and a slight sore throat  i pray to god this annoyance won't at the very least hinder me the rest of the week
damn wish i wouldve known about the heat game earlier today  gotta pay more attention
"needs work out gear  the times i feel the need to improve upon my health are the times when im ill-equipped  fml dude, seriously"
tito puente is the shit
love pandora
"funniest thing i heard all day: local rock station checks its voicemail box for the fans to hear and some dude says \i know its been only 3 days since the new year started and already my biggest regret is banging your mom!\"" happy new years guys make it a damn good one!"""
