5e26b8033186e6597b721886b31159f1
"sleepy    but praise be to god for the great privilege of helping in the vbs and sports camp!!! please pray for all the children that will hear the gospel this week and next, that they would come to saving faith  and that we as the body of christ would be"
praise god that the camp went well!!! can't believe it is over!?!
god's amazing grace gives us strength to live through every day!
so excited that i'll be able to go to my dear friends baptism!!! praise god!!! hurray!  laugh 
so good to be back a gcc n see sweet friends again  smile 
"for a cup brimful of sweet water cannot spill even one drop of bitter water, however suddenly jolted  (<propfemale> carmichael)"
the lord is so good and gracious!!!
"oh, happy day! my laughter is back  smile "
"- every time i hear someone sneezing i think \you're dying!!!\"""""
<propfemale>!!!!?
what to start on first   hum?
yeah! e-group!!!!
got to feed horses in the darkness of dusk for the first time  smile 
"\the kingdom of christ is not brought in by the obedient efforts of believers but by the lord jesus himself  he alone can destroy the kingdom of darkness and establish righteousness on this earth  our confidence rests in his powerful intervention \"" -p n benware"""
cheese and grapes are the perfect midnight snack! yum  smile  lol
yeay! half-way through with finals!!!
yeaaayyyyyy!!!!!! finals are done! eekkkk halfway done through my second year at college  annoyed 
"praise you god the father for your holiness, justice, love, mercy, grace, faithfulness and forgiveness! praise you god the son for being my propitiation, savior, redeemer and way! praise you holy spirit for convicting my heart and opening my eyes! praise you god for you are worthy of it    and so much more that i can every give!!!"
? the circumstances we do not have control over tend to be the ones we question the most 
praise god for a wonderful weekend! god is so good!!!!
wow! can't believe the second year is over    n i have so much stuff to unpack n organize!  annoyed 
awwww lakers!!! step it up!!!
i get to see my family in exactly one month!!!  laugh  yeay!!!!
yeah lakers!!!! hit it home!  laugh 
yeay! road trip!!!!
in exactly seven days i will see my dear familly!  laugh 
hum    calculus for three n then home to finish prep for the arrival of my family!  laugh 
six more hours til i see my wonderful family!!! yeay!!!  laugh 
thank you so much everyone for your kind congrads! i praise and thank god for your sweet friendship!
hummmm didn't realize drivers license need to be renewed after 4yrs    thought it was after 5
love hanging out with my dear family!  smile 
i can't believe the mc'10 us almost over!
miss my family    but thankful for the time i was able to have with them!
all i want to do is snuggle in a warm blanket n watch a good movie    sigh!
its the most wonderful time of the year!
had a wonderful day with some of my wonderful friends! praise god!
12 more days  laugh 
biochem   
biochem! done  laugh 
home sweet home!!!  laugh 
"yeay, it's snowing!!!!!!  laugh "
