6b87348fc07ad6a40a4fd9d1824ac4c3
"had a great time last night at alexanders party, now im on the road to recovery "
helpin tysonian make a facebook 
ive got 2 tests this week  anatomy and trig  anatomy test tomorrow over chapters 1-4  theres enough material in chapter 1 to make 2 tests lol 
"rocked my anatomy test, im kinda pissed at how easy it was since i spent 4 days studying for it  my trig studying was kinda neglected, i just finished my trig test so we will see how it goes i guess "
gotta do an anatomy lab  peace (but not literally lol)
"3 tests on tues, wed, & thur  2 of which are for anatomy, 1 for trig  i hate summer   i cant wait until the fall semester starts because its gonna be a huge blow off compared to summer "
"took my anatomy lab test and my trig test  time will tell  in the meantime i have a lot of homework and assignments, and then an anatomy chapter test tomorrow "
just finished a sociology essay on college rape culture at fraternities  i still have to memorize a math chart and memorize every bone in the human body for a lab exam in anatomy 
"took my bone and structure identification test  went okay, now taking a soc  test  anatomy test is 2 days "
tues -trig  test and soc  final wed -anatomy final thurs -trig  final fri -leave for chicago for pcat review courses
"i got an a in anatomy, an a in soc , and i'm still waiting on trig  however, im a little uneasy thanks to me getting a new trig  teacher half way through the semester  apparently they have different ideas over what unit 1 and 2 were over "
im now secretary of our school's ptk chapter  woot 
"i made gpa this summer! wooooooooh! apparently i didn't waste 8 weeks on summer classes lol  anatomy, trig, and soc- a, b, a "
"well, that sucked  spent friday saturday sunday inside a chicago hotel  i spent saturday and sunday doing 9 hour classes for review  i only got about 10 hours of sleep the entire weekend, and with 9 hour class periods its amazing im still awake now lol "
im adjusting to life without school just fine   just fine indeed 
"got a ptk meeting, then its time to study for the pcat "
"well, im now overlord of our ptk chapter  did i say overlord? i meant president  (awkward laugh)"
back to studying 
thanks everyone  i was surprised enough to hear everybody tell me that at school today lol 
"online calculus already seems hard, and now i have a night organic lab to go to from 6-9  that not the worst though, my organic chemistry class is from 6pm-10pm (already dozes off) "
ive gotta get my crap together  i keep falling behind! wednesdays suck too  not looking forward to it 
"i don't like my tagged pictures  i look like a beached whale  i was in water for 75% of those pictures, even when on land i was wet "
must   do   homework   
"well, took a organic chem test tonight  felt like it went okay   but that might have been the 16 oz redbull    or the resulting crash  anywho, i also got my calculus done before midnight, and i have a physics test tomorrow  i really need to do anatomy though    one of these days    "
"physics test today was   its to tough to call  felt alright, but at the same time im never confident with my work, so who knows  anatomy quiz now, physics class tomorrow, anatomy lectures and other homework afterwards tomorrow (god willing)  im also working this weekend  i hate flu shot season, especially when i'm the only tech  working    for 9 hours "
"so meigooni   you thought i wouldn't be able to finish my calculus homework before midnight, huh? well you were wrong! i am far to epic!"
"got a bad week coming up this week  two tests on wednesday  one being an online calculus test, which i cant squeeze 2 hours to take it into the day "
gotta study!!!!!!!
damn first years gettin me hooked on facebook again   ive got work to do!!!
"so pissed off right now  i worked myself to the bone today, come home from my 4 hour organic class and immedietly take a calculus test i studied for all day yesterday and whenever i could today  i got screwed on some damn technicality  you have to enter those answers juuuuuust right "
"damn   im so angsty right now  still, im incredibly relieved to be done with this week from hell  ive got to be more prepared in the future  i think im finally starting to find my rhythm with this school year "
"the world can be so ironic, ya know? still   i can't help but feel that it's all about balance "
       hmmmmm     i'm feeling pensive 
"damn   ive got more crap to do before work tomorrow  like calculus for one, anatomy for two  organic and physics can wait "
"anatomy lab exam and lecture exam tomorrow  as if my total lack of preparedness weren't enough already, me being there from 10am to 10pm is really going to piss me off "
"itss so dark out tonight  the clouds are blocking out the stars, and i wonder if the <propfemale> is even trying too shine tonight  when its this dark, the town looks completely different  i almost feel homesick about it "
"not a bad afternoon, havent seen my cousin in like   5 years "
          
"well, congratulations world  its 4 am and my butt has been throughly kicked  i've still got a little bit of fight left in me though, and im gonna use it to kick you right back "
"alright, tomorrow is the pcat and i had 0 time to study since i had 3 tests this week  so all i can do is hope i picked up new things from calculus and organic that i can use and walk in there in top form  need sleep "
"okay, i took my pcat, got my flu shot, and i have work tomorrow for 8 hours  im overworked during shot season i swear to god  still, with so many tests out of the way, including the pcat, i feel sooooo much better "
quite a day at the lounge today  it never gets old 
"you know what?! music rocks! if i get the right song goin, i can make calculus my bi-   "
"horroscopes, tarrots, people, places     everything is telling me to deviate from my schedule today and just kinda wing it  sounds like a bad idea, but it is tempting     "
"well, my night sucked  now ive got to make some very difficult decisions about tomorrow "
busy busy busy!
okay    need to do calc    and other things     (pulls hair out) 
"eul me up boys, it's calculus time "
"well, the basement flooded again  second time in 3 days  right after i opened a calc assignment  this is not very funny "
"people sometimes underestimate the depths of my cowardice  i knew i shouldnt have watched that damn zombie movie, im all freaked out "
i did it    i finished all my calculus   i was behind by 4 assignments    but i    (falls asleep at keyboard)  now i can take my test tomorrow (instead of wednesday)     and go over anatomy   and chemistry     its test week in all of my classes  at least physics is thursday 
"alright, i think i'm hitting my stride here  this week totally sucks, but i know i can handle it! i'll destroy all these tests!"
i don't ask for much  truth be told i'd settle for a life less frightening 
"after this week from hell, tonight is my night "
work tomorrow     need hot tamales       
"time to get back to homework, enough slackin "
"just finished my anatomy lab exam, pretty sure i kicked butt  ive gotta finish my organic homework before my 4 hour class tonight though "
dude    meh 
calculus? i guess   
going to <propmale> for the food drive i guess  might as well look like im a capable president lol 
"as i lie in bed, reflecting on the epic wrestling and pillow fighting of today  i realize there is no word in the english language potent enough to describe it, so i shall make one up  sexy-licious  some days   are just worth living lol "
c'est la vie
whoooaaaaa    this isnt good
"why is it im severely behind schedule, incredibly busy all the way until finals, and yet i feel so relieved? heh, well maybe im just funny like that "
livin in the present i guess 
cant believe im missing <propfirst> <propmale>'s show for calculus 
"ufc fight night was fun, but the highlight was being thrown out of meijer by those selfish pricks lol "
i feel like punishing myself today   i know! ill do physics! (gags)
afi- rabbits are roadkill on rt  37  tell your friends 
in the ghetto!
breadline tomorrow and ive already been shorted 3 people  blah  chemistry lab after  blah 
"its fricken late, ive gotta work tomorrow "
sleep 
"damn i have loved not having to work today, and im not going to be working again until like january  im scared i might never go back lol "
drove home while it was snowing  while i was driving i saw crops still growing and birds flying everywhere  seemed so out of place  is it really december?
puma strike!
"today is the last day before final grades are due, and im still waiting for organic chemistry  however, my tarot today really thinks it isnt going to go very well  i dont usually believe in that stuff but lately its been scarily accurate lol "
am i missing something with all the pokemon profile pics? theyre everywhere!
               
i dont know what to do with myself lately  vacation sucks and i have nothing to look forward to right now 
back to work tomorrow  time to sleep  im already worried about going back to school - -
"my sleeping schedule has been terrible lately  ive got so much thinking to do, but i dont do my best thinking at dark "
"so guess who i bumped into at work today  <propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> b  it was a good day to start working again  pretty cool guys, and pretty damn funny too "
first day is past  tomorrow will be my 12 hour day  meh 
oprah dont churn no butter 
tik tok on the clock
*yawn*
"watching almost heroes at <propfirst>s with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> "
i hate my sister (kills self) 
"i am kickin my homeworks ass right now  i need to worry about recalling this information come test time, but im going through this crap pretty quick "
man tomorrow is my 12 hour school day and it is gonna suck! especially because i gotta be up early tomorrow and i cant get to sleep because i kinda stayed up until 4 am the last 4 days  oops 
<propfirst> has a balla laser pointer  its greeeeeeeeeen!
"wow, im behind again    god damn  once im in the clear im up to my neck again "
"exhausted    soooo tired    i f***in hate school  ive gotta take a calc  test tomorrow but i still have so many questions i need answered  and the tutor center only gives you 15 minutes of time a night, assuming they even get to you  so i wont get those answers in time  not to mention all the assignments i have to do before tuesday "
"motha f***in 100% on my calc test!!!!!! and i finished earlier than i thought, not ive got plenty more time to devote to other homework  less stress for tomorrows 12 hour school day "
its physics time again
organic 
"so tired, last couple days have sucked  but i dont want to fall behind again "
ha ha ha    ha ha ha ha    
just got back from edge of darkness  i wish <propmale> gibson was my dad!!!
"gotta sleep, gonna be soooo damn busy tomorrow "
gotta get up early for work tomorrow    someone better call me because i wont get up by choice  my sleep schedule has sucked lately 
well    its 9 smile 0 pm  id better start painting my face now if im going to be ready in time for the super bowl 
organic test tomorrow  its killing time   
hmmm    bioshock 2     not as good as the first one    
fml
           curse you comcast! they must hate online classes 
"just got a new suit today for my interview  not to shabby, i hope the final product looks good "
finished    preparations    for tests     gonna  go-(snore)
its test night!
damn son    if organic chemistry were as easy as calculus id be acing that crap too  and i aced my econ test too (surprisingly) 
wolfman    some really good slasher scenes 
well          crap 
i just keep getting dumber and dumber~~~
got a test tonight!!!! and organic quiz tomorrow!!!! drastically underprepared for both and i still need interview practice!!!
"that was some interview  i mean, wow  now ive gotta catch up with school again since i spent so much time preparing "
"man, when i woke up today  i just felt so damn amazing  sleep just kinda rebooted me  even i didnt realize how much stress ive been under recently  now i just feel so great "
"christ, ive got a lot packed into this week before break, but wont break just feel so damn good when it gets here?"
"maaaaan, tomorrow is gonna suck  not to fond of wednesday either "
orgaqnic test tomorrow! wish me luck    or stay out of my way!!!!! lol
"well, ive prioritized everything except calculus  now ive got 5 assignments to do today "
             why the fuck do i have 2 tests during spring break?!
ha! facebook!
damnit! just fucked up that stupid econ test i got over spring break  its my teacher's fault for giving it such a stupid format!
freaknik!
"getting ready for these interviews sucks, and even worse is keeping grades up simultaneously "
100% on calc test  finished a 3 hour test in one hour 
another 100% calculus test 
"tomorrow is a statistics test, followed by organic homework  the rest i'm going to try to sideline until i get back from colorado "
"okay, that stats test sucked  i guess thats the calculated risk you take when you get a take home test "
"leaving for the airport soon, i havent flown in years  not excited about it "
"i keep drifting in and out of consciousness  i really want to sleep  on the bright side, colorado is an hour behind illinois, so it feels like i just found burried treasure  another hour of sleep before my interview!"
"man, time has been going so slowly lately  ive got schoolwork to do  i feel like i spent a week in colorado, not 2 days  im spent "
time for homework i guess  its been hard to think about doing homework with all these college interviews    honestly i want them to end lol 
walk hard: <propmale> cox and superbad  thank you fx for making my homework more enjoyable lol 
i got into purdue!!! this is really good for me!
"oh my god this calculus is excrutiatingly long  every assignment is just so ridiculously complicated  i can do it, but why does it have to require such a huge time investment? especially when i have a chemistry test next week "
"dont wanna fall behind  i wish i could hear back from siue soon, then i could justify dropping physics a lot easier "
"gotta be ready for this chem test  this is what i call    the \money test \"" make it or break it!"""
"okay, who else caught the new south park about facebook? pretty damn funny am i right? lmao"
god damn econ  test had my heart punding  c'mon extra credit!
listening to <propmale> gaffigan's beyond the pale    again  all i do when i do online calculus is listen to comedians  that's the secret to my success  (whispers) 98%~~~
"its official, i dropped physics "
"omg, southpark was awesome"
"lately my life has been slowing down a lot  i feel like its making me more insightful, and knowing that i'm e playful anding my logic and reason; i also can't help but feel more powerful "
homework time? calc 2 and econ are today!
that friday off was amazing for my schedule  im finally almost caught up with all my work 
"anyone who says im not working hard is a damn liar, check out the time of this post lmao  just finished all my econ  homework "
"caramelldansen? yes, yes i do "
gotta catch'em all!
ugh    ive got so much on my mind right now 
this statistics test is to damn hard!!!!
man    some people     work today was not fun
if anybody has taken statistics before   then please seek me out  i need someone to check my work!!!
"okay   ive really gotta start working on calculus again  im falling behind! organic test on friday though, thats gonna be the worst "
"organic test tomorrow, time to study hard  i might be meeting with a group later "
"its pretty much all downhill from here, try and keep up!"
congratulations to <propfirst> <propmale> for their win at battle of the bands! use this momentum guys!
"2 shots of jager, <propfemale>, 4 <propfemale> hits man, beer       cheeseburger"
hahahahahaha       that cieling pipe in the basement burst again  i wish it would have held out until summer vacation  what horrible timing 
"if finals are next week, why the hell do i have to take 3 of them this weekend?"
"i dont know when <propfirst> <propmale> posted warbringer on their myspace, but thank you  i'll use it to get psyched up when i take my calc 2 final tonight lol "
aced my calc  2 final  i got a 99% in the entire class  is that an a+? lol i hope the rest of my finals go smoothly 
"just found out that <propmale> bros  is making a sequel to the dark knight, where christian bale will reprise his role as batman bruce <propmale>, where he will face off against the riddler  the best news is that <propmale> chappelle is being cast as the riddler  welcome back <propfirst>, we've missed you!!!"
statistics final is done  im either gonna take economics tonight or tomorrow  after that ive got nothing to do except study for my organic chem  final on wednesday 
econ  final now complete  looks good  all thats left is to take on the final boss  i'm lookin at you organic chemistry  see you wednesday 
need to work on my stupid honors portfolio before i can sleep  organic final was a beast 
"exhausting week, pretty fun  still, why is the only thing on my mind that stupid organic chem  grade? oh yeah, my future "
got my organic chemistry grade  onward to purdue!
days like this remind me why i hate summer vacation    
hahahaha    now that im out of school i feel like im slowly losing my mind  my lack of social skills and a life is becoming even more apparent 
stayed up the whole night    hope i manage to stay awake until tonight 
"at 5 smile 0 in the morning    tyson drove me all over the neighborhood looking for balto because we heard a howling  exhausting, but fun lol "
so its finally may 27    i never look forward to this day  it's always so sad  i miss you everyday sis 
still hating summer     
neet~ neet~ im so neet~     
"-oh my god! i found a penny!\-you bastard!"
going to work tomorrow for the first time in    who knows how long  i hope i remember how to do my job    and that i can wake up on time lol 
time to get ready for school  i hope it gives me some kind of   purpose? this summer has been pretty boring 
im suddenly realizing that i'm going to be in summer classes for 8 weeks  summer classes are tough and it's going to go by so fast  once those 8 weeks are over its already going to be time for me to leave    it kinda sucks 
     real life is scary      
this morning i woke up when my mother called me from florida telling me my grandmother is at the hospital in the icu 
it's been a while sincei laughed so hard    probably 10 years lol
"tell me whats the difference between love and lust? because i love the love, but i'm in love with lust "
fun time  nuff said 
microbiology sucks  test tomorrow 
"killed that test, knocked it out in about 10 minutes  first one done   love  professor robinson!"
"i think i learned something tonight  maybe re-learned something    its important to me, so i hope i dont forget it again "
does the whole world really function around hypocrisy? or just humanity? because i really feel like im contributing    
at <propfemale>'s dance recital  will be the second time ive seen it 
"there's only 2 things in this world that i hate  people who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the dutch!"
"i was raised on the dairy, bitch "
whoever invented rope was a real a-hole 
"great,\surprise dentist appointment  if i have any surprise cavities i might\kick someone in the chest  i might be less pissed off if the guy wasnt 45\minutes away "
"no cavities!!! woot! college is slowly killing my body, i went all my life without cavities until i started college then i got hit with a ton  didnt even need any fillings redone "
"they are remaking the legend of zelda: ocarina of time for their new handheld system the nintendo 3ds  remember the water <propfemale>? for those of you who never played, i present you with this definition from urban dictionary: \water <propfemale> - considered by many to be the equivalent to a complete rectal examination \"" now imagine something that difficult    on a handheld  i lol'd   end rant """
"oh <propfirst> stone, you're so smoooth "
"it was <propfirst> hopkins, and sloan kettering, and they were blazing that shit up every day "
"i got the kavorka, <propfirst> "
"if you don't like your job, you don't strike! you just go in every day, and do it really half assed  that's the american way  - <propmale> simpson"
i was sleeping and didn't even realize it   this is gonna make it really hard to get to work tomorrow morning    
im surrounded by delusional fools and selfish idiots     im literally shaking with rage right now 
"finished biology test  e playful ecting an a  honestly i'm barely trying in this class, it makes me feel kinda guilty seeing everyone else having trouble with it    "
"i figured id post something on my wall, then all the things i considered saying seemed either stupid or pointless  when did my life become so boring? oh right, when i started high school  downhill slope ever since "
"thank god today is thursday, no more micro until tuesday "
rage  nothing but rage 
new coffee machine    this fall im gonna have classes at 7 smile 0 in the morning  a wise investment 
"soooo tired, got no sleep  can't wait to use coffee machine again    lol"
im starting to fall behind in personal affairs  gotta maintain   but i have a test this thursday 
"no, its called prosturtunity "
how have so many people not heard of dr  horrible? fuckin google it!
"im tired, woke up early to deal with cable people, and they are ofcourse late "
"all of my friends appear to be absent lately, but thats okay because ive been doing a lot of reading  im really enjoying myself, but its hell in this house  nothing pisses me off more than being interrupted  - -"
"freakin exhausted after sight seeing in dc, but mairon's family is amazing and very kind, so i'm healing quickly lol  and hearing that my parents are waiting and getting ready for me to come home feels good too "
"damn chilean food is amazing, and their parties are ridiculous  laugh  lol "
"sometimes life is about adventure  i feel like i'm living again  i only know good people, and i'm glad that they share it with me "
now beginning the 14 hour drive back to springfield  we miss you already mairon!
"master shake: there once was a lonely little dart  and all the other darts made fun of him  but this dart was no ordinary dart for he was filled with a mixture of 10ccs telazol and diazepam, a dangerous tranquilizer used by equine veternarians "
"hmmm   mediocre job on that last test  probably a b, but the class is still an easy a "
my haircut sucks  makes me look like a tool  i shoulda had <propfemale> do it!!!
finals week  one of my last tasks before leaving 
"finals are done  think i gotta go in to work this weekend, hopefully this will be the last time they screw me over before i leave "
"<propfirst> stone, you're so smooth "
<propfirst> <propmale>'s new cd    awesome 
"i said that i'd fight back, i never said that i'd fight fair "
i'm about to take it from zero    to <propmale>!
you're reading this because i'm making you  your mind is my puppet 
"started wearing contacts again  not bad, i e playful ected to have more trouble with them after so long "
"well, i leave tomorrow "
how is purdue? it's okay  i haven't started school yet so i don't really know what my new life is like yet 
"orientation from hell tomorrow, and the next day "
"today at orientation we were supposed to get to know the person next to us  i heard the guy in front of me ask some girl \so     what's your favorite hurricane?\"" i nearly pissed myself lol"""
"thanks for the wishes guys, it was a rough day, but i'll start my first day of real class tomorrow  wish me luck?"
"the difficulty of class is one thing, but their grading is absurd lol  one of my classes will only be out of 200 points  that can be really good or really bad   lol"
i can already tell bio chem is gonna be the class to beat lol 
i go out to eat  get back to my dorm  then the fire alarm goes off  great timing on my part  sarcasm  how are surprise drills to the best benefit of students anyway? i've got bio chem to do!
"i hate the start of school  i have all these assignments that need to be done, but i don't know enough yet to complete them  i feel lazy "
so the techies finally caught the guy who was using my desktops ip and were gonna ban him from the network so i'd have internet  problem is they banned me by mistake  they need administrator approval to fix   waiting   
bio chem quiz tomorrow  someone gather my bones after 
fuck you bio chem    grrrrrr
fumbles o'brian  that is my jam for today  for some reason when i listen to that song i kick bio  stats  ass 
are we sure i'm in indiana and not korea?
"fuuuuuuck, gotta study "
fuck yeah popcorn shrimp! how have i celebrated labor day without you?!
whoooooaaaaa     i've got a busy week 
today is gonna suck  sooooo much shit to do 
damn you tongue holes! curry is so spicy!!!
"my first pharmacy test tonight  this week is sucking pretty hard lol  let's hope this test goes smoothly, turns everything around "
"bio chem quiz tomorrow  no 7 smile 0 am classes tomorrow, thank god  i remember when i used to stay up until 3 am     kinda miss it "
white coat ceremony went fine  busy week ahead 
egyptian cafe and hookah bar? sign me up!
fffffffff-(profanity)! i've got a bio chem test  pray for me 
holy shit time goes by fast  it seems like there's not enough time in the day for me to get shit done  and soon my schedule will start having 2 tests a week for the rest of the semester  pharmacy school will seem like a blur 
fuck yeah! noodle bowl day! delicious!
2 tests and 2 quizzes this week  gather my bones  (something i'll have to get used to - -)
things completed so far this week  tests: 1 2  quizzes 0 2  homework 1 2  off to class   
"intuition is something humans have, so they can read people and the atmosphere, and use logic to come to conclusions  instinct is something animals have that helps them adapt skills to survive, and sense danger  lately my mind has been feeling sharper, but im not sure which of those senses is the one improving    "
"homework 2 2  quiz 2 2  test 2 2  finally this week is over  too bad next week is even worse  time will go by real fast at this rate, but a candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long  i already can't wait for winter break lol "
there's no such thing as free time on pharmacy school  just time wasted  when i'm not doing homework i'm studying  when i'm not studying i'm in class  when in class   i'm getting more homework  fml 
next weeks gonna suck   actually thats been my status update for every week since i came here      fuck 
i swear to god if these harpies outside my room keep shrieking and laughing i am gonna flip 
"bio chem is making me its bitch  oh, im sorry  its bi-yatch "
"guess what my theme song is gonna be for my test tonight? \i am the warbringer; i've come to bring you war \"" i love it  thanks jt"""
i've only been in my house for 2 minutes and i already feel like burning it down  my room has been ransacked  why did i choose to come back?
"one of every 10 people born is gay  that means they will be instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in the minority and so much else, for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are trying suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them that life will get better and that you respect them for who they are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will "
"i left my facebook open on a puclic computer, but the person who found is really nice and only posted this message  next time, i might not be so lucky "
"fuck, so    tired  i kinda accidently fell asleep and the pressure on my eyes is indescribable   thanks contacts  i have no idea how long i was out and my head is stabbing with a pain that says \guess what you forgot to do cuz you fell asleep\""  my response - \""i have no idea\"""""
blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
so tired    giving a quiz this early should be illegal   
ha   haha   hahaha    hahahahahahaha    (midterms this week  im moderately insane )
"midterms are over   although thats really just a label for tests 8 weeks into the semester  doesnt mean i dont have 2-3 tests next week too, and the week after, etc "
"time for class and a biochem quiz later, then i don't give a crap about anything else today  i'm takin friday off "
"chapter one -- make every problem your slave \rule one -- assess the situation  (we are f***ed)\rule two -- apply blame \rule three -- don't let the blamee hear about you blaming them \rule four -- make a suggestion, but don't own up to it in case it sucks "
fuck halloween <propfemale>! someone mail me some pocky now!!!!!
3 weeks until thanksgiving break  if i didn't have so many tests between now and then i would count the seconds 
"if anybody comes to my pharmacy just to ask me why pepto is pink, im punching them in the throat "
"my ra, <propfemale>, is officially the coolest person ever  she just brought me some boxes of hot tamales  thanks girlfriend  'tis the season everyone, happy halloween "
very busy this week  important tests coming up  can we just get to break already?
"yeah so i had a test today at 8pm, studied from 9am-7 smile 0pm today  would have liked to study more   but i had other tests to study for earlier this week  yup, that's pharmacy school  (crosses fingers)"
i haven't eaten anything since lunch yesterday   and today is orange chicken day at the dining hall  keep an ambulance on standby please  nom nom nom 
"today, i had a lecture about drug addiction and dependency  my professor asked me to play the role of an alcoholic  i had a wife and 3 kids  the performance was educational and fun  crazy, right?"
"coffee machine  best investment i ever made  need to study, still a busy week "
"i was in the dining hall getting some tater tots when i saw the sign above them, it called them \potato gems\""  i knew i paid 40 thousand dollars a year to go here for a reason  its so fancy """
"do not go see the movie skyline  calling it a movie is to generous, it's more like a 2 hour long trailer setting up a movie coming 2-3 years from now  even the story itself is so cliche that the only redeeming feature is the special effects   apparently that's all you need  the movie was so bad i drove to the nearest 24 hour walgreens and bought an aids test because i felt i had just been bent over and raped "
"need to enjoy myself while i can  gotta go back to school soon, need to start studying again - -"
i love getting icees in the winter 
back to the hell of 7 smile 0 am classes starting tomorrow 
i can already feel the threat of finals looming over my head  i don't wanna feel a thing 
"purdue's first snow, that was fun to walk to class in  on the bright side, pokemon profile pic (high fives) "
test tonight  save me 
"me: damn, i look so freaking sexy in this coat \meghan:       i'm gonna pretend i didn't hear that \me: fine, but you can't pretend you didn't see it  dayum~!"
i need to sleep! and i need to study! why am i not yet capable of both?! how long have i been doing these 2 things again?!
"cmon, cmon, cmon! i can see it! the goal is in sight! keep pushing forward!"
i've probably spent as much time calculating the grades i need as i have spent studying  maybe that's good too? it builds confidence    or shatters it lol 
p s  ice cream pokemon pic! finally    they got it right  lol
it's so close to finals! freaking out!
biostatistics and diagnostic imaging finals tomorrow  i've spent all my time preparing for biochemistry - -
freaknik's back baby!
another day of 2 finals tomorrow  one of them is my hardest class  biochemistry is a demon   wish me luck 
"biochemistry final = <propmale> james\me = <propfirst> murphy's couch\me + biochemistry final =      you do the math "
"5 finals down, 2 more to go  has it been 16 weeks? wow it feels like years - -"
it looks like gliscor is giving everyone the finger (i am tired and still have 650 slides to study for tomorrow) 
"well that final this morning was a beast, i was so tired i don't even remember it  regardless, one more to go "
finally done with finals  now i <propfemale> pizza 
we are the science police 
serenity now!
status update: returning to school tomorrow  morale is low  we are praying for a miracle 
only open table to eat was in the back corner  this means i get to be the weird guy who sits alone in the corner  pro lol
first quiz tomorrow  need to study tonight  it's my first week back - -
yaaaaaaay weekend    i look forward to studying  (yawn)
today is so damn looooong    
start working in the college pharmacy tomorrow  hmm   not quite sure how to feel about this  busy day tomorrow  we shall see 
"today is the funeral for dr  hem, one of my professors last semester  he was a good man and an awesome teacher, and i'm glad i was a part of the last class he got to teach  <propfemale> on "
"3 tests, 2 quizzes, 1 lab report all next week  there will be no rest this weekend "
this lab report is a monster! i'm supposed to study for all my shit next week when exactly?!
huh   snow day   i dont have a lot of classes today so this shouldnt hurt my schedule too bad  the biggest problem is them rescheduling the test i had tonight 
nickels is money too you guys 
everything burns~
nothing like studying biochemistry for my test tomorrow rather than watch the game       raaaaaaaage!!!
"another day has gone, time for healing "
how fucking tired am i? i was walking down the street and looked over at a building and saw a small dinosaur statue  i was like holy shit when did we get that?! what building is it?! i then noticed it was a park bench from the side - -
it's days like today where i wish i had gotten to keep the pink hair 
lookin for something that's sweet and bad for ya? look no further 
random girl from my pharmacy class just rated my face an 8 on a scale of 1-10  i believe her  lol
i am practically mainlining caffiene to get through all the tests i have this week  yet the worst one is gonna be next monday  so excited!  sarcasm
"ahhh brunch   not as good as brinner, but still pretty damn awesome "
sleep is death!!!
today was a pretty fun day  i havent gone out with a crew in a while  i guess its something you never forget how to do  especially with my bitchin awesome charisma 
brb  goin to the <propfemale> 
gettin ready to board my flight  en route to texas 
"\so shut up and help me find the nutmeg and i'll make you some <propmale> x tea!\"""""
been hangin out with my girl <propfemale> daniels  whatchin her get stuff done lol  missed ya luv!
"learned about growing ne surprise rgans like ears and noses on the backs of mice  i so very badly wanted to raise my hand and ask \what about a penis?\"" thanks south park """
"hey, i was on quaaludes  i don't even remember oslo "
"slept way longer than i meant to, need to study for my test lol  well   if my survival instinct didn't kick in my subconscious must not think it's too bad  lol"
i will roundhouse your ass 
"i was gonna go get my yearly tb test today for school, but i decided not to cuz in my head it went something like this   (nurse sticks me with needle) nurse: \april fools! now you're addicted to heroin!\"" maybe next week   """
