8078af78159497c894a403cc27f9ce08
summer finally!!  laugh 
split my toenail open on my flip turn now it hurts!  sad 
hope practice tomorrow goes better   
   
packing    sad 
is home and had a blast!!!!  laugh 
misses camp!!  sad  and sleeping in!
gonna do horrible tomorrow!!  sad 
dropped 3 seconds on my 50 free!!!!  laugh   laugh 
pulled the ligaments in my shoulder swimming now i can't swim at divisionals  sad 
had a blast playing volleyball in the rain!!!  laugh 
leaving in the morning for disney!!  laugh   laugh 
got my permit!!!!  laugh   laugh 
but grow in the grace and knowledge of our lord and savior jesus christ  to him be <propfemale> both now and forever! amen  2 <propfirst> 3:18
the lord is my light and my salvation -- whom shall i fear? the lord is the stronghold of my life -- of whom shall i be afraid? psalm 27:1
"too often we think we need a cetain thing that god hasn't given us when, in reality, he is protecting us from something that would spoil us "
glad i finally know what was wrong with my foot!  laugh 
been in a storm in life that seemed to never change? maybe god doesn't want to change the storm  maybe the storm is there to change you
seems like it was just the other day we were moving from kentucky can't believe it has already been 3 years and we are doing it again 
"on my own, i'm nothing but a big mess of sin  but through jesus christ i'm made alive"
everything that god wants to give you is free! you don’t deserve it; you can’t earn it  that’s what grace is all about 
got back from camp at <propfemale> it was an amazing week watching god work in our lives!
you will trust god to the extent you think he's trustworthy! how much do u trust him?!?!
"when offended by others tell god, not gossipers take it to the throne, not the phone!god reduces hurt gossips reinforce it "
"jesus came knowing what he would face, so you would have the grace to face what you did not know you would face "
finally closed on the house!!  laugh   laugh 
the grace of jesus is not fully seen until weakness is fully e playful erienced  though right now it seems nothing is going right god is still on his thrown and in full controll you just have to trust him  if you are ever upset and need someone to talk to let me know  i will keep y'all in my prayers  rip <propfirst>
working at the family campground this summer!!
had a great day worshipping god at surrender baptist church!
