db35062cb416e43166b7f7744a524725
i just remembered i have a project due thursday     how fun     
map testing today   who comes up with those questions?
spoonful of peanut butter + powedered sugar= mmmmmmm    
saints won!!!!  laugh 
another boring snow day   sad 
bored  =o
"i went to the dentist and i have no cavities  =o i know, shocking  i'm gonna celebrate by eating lots of sugar   smile "
just procrastinating   smile 
"today was funny  weird, but funny   i am talking about study hall and the end of reading in particular "
"school, isats, grr   "
watching the office  smile 
finished serving food to those mish kids at the high school 
finished that stupid cell project  grrr 
moo  =o
"missing my friends right now   but most of all, missing <propfemale>  love ya, always!"
blah  that's okay  everyone can go to school  i'll  just sit on the sofa and listen to music   wink 
is depressed because she found out she will lose sleep tonight   sad 
"ah, that was a fun day  spring break is here!  smile "
spring break is boring  =p
going to champaign   smile 
listening to rise against  =o
listening to more music at 7 smile 0 in the morning   laugh 
going to champaign    again!
bored   sad 
"school today  listenin to music, as always   smile "
music is the best    unless it's a stupid song on the first 16 presidents!
uprising by muse is the best  song  ever  for now   smile 
got back from the movies   smile  saw clash of the titans lol
"happy easter,peoplez!  smile "
"bored, ugh  who isn't? listenin to music   annoyed "
school 
today was extremely funny  listening to music  (i should stop saying that cuz i always am)  smile 
is watching 24 
<propfirst> brought <propfemale> and <propfemale> yates over  i had fun  those girls are hilarious!  smile 
"capture the flag at church  we won, of course   smile "
"bored  out  of  my  mind  so, how is everyone? haha  smile "
i'm always bored  sad  excited for saturday  smile 
"wow, its pouring outside! i feel sorry for those suckers that have to walk home =p"
"i felt like posting a status, but i have nothing to say  except <propfemale> is coming over later like, way later  so, yeah  smile "
<propfemale> left  we crashed around 11 smile 0 but i woke up at 5  sad 
confirmation tonight  sad 
speech was fun haha  smile  too many inside jokes now 
"school, then who knows what   smile  it's friday!"
is disliking her part in speech    
confirmation time! =o
no school!!! heading to champaign later      smile 
i'm back!!!!!
"oh, wow, it's beautiful outside   "
muse is the best band everr!!! > laugh 
too many projects     sad 
just got done with one of 5 projects i have to do   
i just finished my part of the ss project!!!  laugh  (3 more projects to go    )
"so, i was listening to the radio, and i realized miley <propmale> sounds exactly like <propfirst> bieber    only a little more manly  wink "
looks like i'm going to champaign  smile 
so bored    
i got my ipod touch!!!!!!  laugh 
haha this thing is cool!!!!
i'm home now  smile  going to be leaving soon        
now we're leaving  laugh  good bye!!!!
"we're at the hotel, and i just got done eating pizza  smile "
"so, i'm back home, and i don't really miss the hotel  smile "
i dissected that stupid worm today
not much is going on today  smile 
schools out for summer!!!!!!!  laugh dd
with <propfirst> later  smile 
i am having <propfemale> and <propfemale> yates at my house so much fun over here peace out
"haha, i am a terrible babysitter   "
pirate language is freakin funny  smile 
going swimming!!!  smile 
"wow, it looks terrible outside "
i get on facebook a lot less in the summer for some reason   
hopes her brother <propfirst> has fun seeing toy story 3   wink 
"this is the last time i'll abandon you, and this is the last time i'll forget you  i wish i could     smile "
going swimming  laugh 
"see ya, people  i'm going to alabama soon!"
in alabama now  laugh 
"i'm home now, finally  alabama was fun, though   "
<propfirst> and i are sick of bieber fever     
i like it on my dining room table     smile 
finally done with the stupid leaf project
confirmation is actually fun sometimes! lol  smile 
back from the dance  smile 
confirmation tonight!!
it was sleeting outside    wow
"\emily you dirty dirty weirdo \"" \",db35062cb416e43166b7f7744a524725,happy thanksgiving and almost my birthday day!!  smile 
"everyone look at the picture!!!!!!!!\just do it"
"i love reading class, haha  smile "
like everyone else said    no school!  smile 
going shopping in champaign  smile 
winter break smile 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!  smile 
    that lock in was crazy  in a good way 
"my rube goldberg project is almost done! yay!!  smile  also, the packers are going down  smile "
   darn  sad 
third snow day in a row    too bad there is nothing to do 
