57c1a50dde235ee1319dc92f2d02de8d
cars suck  they're usefullness as transportation is outweighed by the need to spend time at the mechanics and drain more money out of their owners pocket 
bowling tournament tomorrow in salem! wish me luck  wink 
no class tomorrow! looking forward to sleeping in 
"house sitting for my dad  text me, i'm bored  360 521 2929"
"is this really monday? i don't think it should be, the weekend went too quick  i vote for rewinding and starting saturday over again "
just got home from the afi concert in portland    it was amazing  bought a poster and <propfirst> (drummer) signed it!
what a useless week    pretty sure i accomplished nothing  maybe i'll just go back to bed 
high school girl's bowling districts tomorrow  we'll see who brings it and makes it to state 
"ehs girls bowling lost going to state by nine pins    good bowling though girls! you all rock, and we'll be back next year even better!"
"whew long day today    wish i had an hour for a nap  oh wait, that was during math class!"
"why does everything in the world revolve around money? i'm the epitome of broke college student, and feel utterly trapped without the necessary green to keep my life afloat  depressing much?"
bowling tournament in portland tomorrow  hope i bowl as well as i did today    or better!
i'll never get tired of bowling better with my coach than with my dad in adult junior tournaments  how's that feel dad? lol 
"leaving for lambing school in eastern oregon until tuesday  no internet in the middle of nowhere, so text if you need me  wink "
back from lambing camp! boy was that an e playful erience  the thing i missed most? a shower!
yes! just got the best news of the year! i'm so stoked!
"i wish the economy didn't suck so much (i'm not alone, i know)  people need to go grocery shopping at safeway so my store makes money and gives me hours  scheduled hours this week: 0"
hopefully only a couple more hours   
"found a half-dead lamb tonight  warmed him up, tubed him, and gave him antibiotics  8 hours later he's on his feet and thinking about bouncing around with his brother  didn't think he'd make it when i found him "
i never want kids  my nephew spending the night is more than enough 
huge relief    thank you for grandma for saving money for my college e playful enses!
"opinions needed: which would you choose, <propmale>, florida or anaheim, california?"
is so irritated with safeway  it would be kinder to shoot me than do what they're doing 
to anyone who has not seen <propmale> engvall's stand up routine: 15 degrees off cool    go watch it  now  youtube has it if you don't have netflix  it will make your life better    at the very least your week 
whew just got a little good news  just hope it all comes through  annoyed 
"has been reminded of why, at times, she hates bowling with a passion "
"who knew bowling was such a dangerous sport? it's sent me to physical therapy a few times, and just tonight sent my dad to urgent care with a severely pulled leg muscle "
off to work till 10pm  whoo  can you tell i'm excited?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
"got official word back on my dad's leg injury  his adductor muscle (attaches the pelvis to the knee, aka a <propmale> muscle) was ripped from the pelvis  completely  and the doctor said even though it hurts like hell, walk around  it'll help it heal correctly  just don't, you know, put a lot of weight on it  -thumbs up- thanks doc "
finally completed my training in the deli  so    why do i still feel clueless about a lot of things deli-related?
whoo hoo 300 game this morning at bowling!  wink 
"car insurance companies are ridiculous  they've found a way to legally rip people off, especially young drivers "
"food, inc is a really good movie  if you care at all about the food you put in your body it's a must see, and then do something about it  buy locally and eat less processed, packaged food loaded with sugar  and side note, our food system is so screwed up (mostly huge companies that create monopolies are to blame) "
"it's so nice outside    and here i am, sitting on my lazy ass on the couch  in other words, i'm bored, and want to do something  anyone got ideas?"
my new lister legend sheep clippers were delievered today! i was so excited when the ups guy delivered them i know i looked like a huge dork but who cares! i've got my clippers!
off to spend the day with my dad  he's got a bmw convertable while his is in the shop    i'm glad the weathers nice  wink  time for some fun 
"late night out with the bestie, had a spifftastic time at <propfemale>'s catching up! now it's time for bed, cause i'm pooped "
"i think i just want to skip april  nothing exciting is happening    yeah, go straight from march to may  i like that idea  smile "
note to self: don't leave a full spray bottle on top of your metal sheep fitting supplies  they will rust 
"how the hell is miley <propmale> a freakin mentor? no  she's not even a legal adult yet, and she can't sing  if we hear any good singing this week it will be a miracle  ew  i'm so disgusted with idol feeling the need to conform to pop culture "
"so apparently there is a police resistance riot of some sort in portland at the moment, and it's literally down the street, a block away from my dad's house  that's real comforting "
off to a 4-h qa meeting  maybe if i sit in the back they won't notice me nod off?
"whoa, safeway scheduled my hours into the double digits? what a crazy concept   "
"finally got around to watching new <propfemale>    and my official opinion is the acting sucks as bad as movie #1, with very few exceptions "
"haha <propfirst> quaid and <propfemale> degeneres make an amazingly hilarious team  kudos to whoever thought up the prank on the delivery man, i hope someone e playful lained to him after what happened "
sigh    today wasn't nearly as exciting as i was hoping when i got out of bed this morning 
"the prospect of working the next five consecutive days is draining  just the thought of it  on the other hand, people should come buy stuff from safeway's deli! we need more sales so the employees (me) get more hours!"
"wow, you learn something new everyday    if you put a slice of lemon in ice water in a blue cup, the lemon will look green, and fool you into thinking it's a lime  well, it fooled me anyway   "
this waiting is killing me   
"<propfirst>'s <propfemale> had an easy trip in the <propfemale> <propfemale> derby, and eskendereya pulled away to win by 9 lengths in the wood memorial  on to the kentucky derby, first saturday in may! and now i'm off to work   "
who the hell thought standing in one place checking peoples groceries for 8 hours sounded like a good idea? i hope they had to work lots of those shifts   
"whoo lamb feed was on sale $2 less than regular per bag, and i had a $10 coupon to top it off  a good day for saving money  smile "
"figures, when i need to save money the most, i find myself in a <propmale> schwab waiting room watching some guy take a screw out of my tire "
"wow, good to know that rihanna not only sounds crappy in person but also sucks at lip syncing  demonstrated tonight on idol  btw, what's with her lack of ability to sing more than one line: \baby i'm a rockstar!\""?"""
"alright, whoever thought of the idea to drizzle chocolate over caramel crunch 'n munch deserves to win an award of some sort  i dunno which, but a big one  they (and the chocolately goodness itself) have officially turned my boring depressing day into a wonderful night  smile "
"really close championship ncaa collegiate womens bowling today  nebraska vs  fairleigh dickenson  we were rooting for nebraska who had the better team fundamentally and technically, but fdu's girls pulled it out in the last game while nebraska dropped the ball (literally, at times)  oh well  4-1 in the last ten years for the championship match isn't too bad, nebraska "
"sometimes, best case scenario is to watch netflix movies all night "
"sheared some lambs today    they're looking and growing good  i don't like clipping shropshires though, too darn wrinkly  spent the whole time trying to stretch and tighten their skin to get a decent shear job "
"it's sad when the cat and dog seem to be in a snoring contest    apparently being judged on volume, length, and originality "
"ugh i have a bad feeling about tomorrow  humiliation, irritation, and exhaustion all wrapped up in a couple hours  whoopee  > annoyed "
"i wish that someday i'm <propmale> and famous enough to drop e playful ensive gadgets out my hotel window in ny and watch my loyal fans beat the crap out of each other trying to get the item like the guys on diggnation com did    not that i enjoy seeing people beat the crap out of each other, but i like the idea of being that <propmale> and famous  smile "
bowling tournament at interstate tomorrow  hope it goes better than the last 
"nope sucked big time  annoyed  lots of other people we're doing fine, took +10 to make the top five in my division, +30 for classic division  seemed like everytime i got lined in the oil would move down within a couple frames and then i was back to praying it would hit the pocket "
beach anyone? sounds wonderful to me  enough of this overcast muggy weather 
mmmmm homemade chocolate covered strawberries    delicious!
whew that was a struggle  i'm reminded of why i don't like talking on the phone and trying to arrange an event around four different peoples schedules 
<propfemale> <propmale> couldn't look anymore skanky tonight on <propfirst> <propfemale> if she tried  that and her make up makes her look like a druggie 
why oh why i ask myself  and the answer is never one that i like 
"where the heck did the cream cheese go? i opened a new container this morning, and just now i was all set to enjoy a bagel and cream cheese only to open the fridge and fine    no cream cheese! i'm utterly confused  no way could my mom have eaten the while container in one day    nor was it in the trash  it wasn't hiding behind the milk or the eggs on the shelf   "
off to the third day of a six day work week  at least my paycheck will be pleasantly fat   
has someone in mind she'd like to strangle  he's a big fat faker  and a bigger gossip than most females 
beach tomorrow! yessss!
"<propfirst> <propfemale> advertises a random community event around the country every few days, and tonight he advertised a fish taco tasting event in    guess where    <propmale> city, or! the exact city i'm visiting at the moment  that never happens!"
this is so annoying   
kentucky derby time! and i have to go to work  sad 
"grrrr! why can't people just tell me if they have a problem with me? instead of ignoring phone calls and messages, because that solves nothing!"
"finally, the day i've been waiting for for seven months has come! lambs will be arriving in less than six hours!"
"jeez, go through a couple hellish days and then jump right to peaceful and content  wish i knew how to spread out the extremes to a little each day "
awww there was just a huge crack of thunder and my old scaredy dog jumped up and hid under the coffee table next to me    which she doesn't completely fit under  and her attempts to make herself fit are pathetic but mildy funny 
"rain rain go away, i've had enough of you for a few days  my lamb's pen is all muddy now, thanks a ton  annoyed "
"anyone have a large (3x3 ft or larger) mirror they want to get rid of or sell cheap? it's ok if it's broken cracked, so long as chunks aren't missing out of the middle or the whole thing is spider-web cracks  let me know, please! need one badly "
"i love my little car  but at times, i wish i could push a button to make it bigger "
"good day at the 4-h in action youth jamboree  llamas were parading up and down the main way, dogs had four show rings going, and cats, cavies, and poultry all had shows  wish we had more public, but such is life "
"3 hours putting a fence up in the lamb's pen, shower, quick brunch with mom, work 8 hrs with a new guy who doesn't listen  i'm exhausted  even the hard wood floor would be an acceptable place to sleep  but i still have to go feed the lambs  and in the rain no less!"
"it's not a good concert unless you're forcefully becoming friends with people on every side, fighting for fresh oxygen, sweating buckets and exchanging it with others, and screaming the lyrics back at the band  wouldn't have it any other way  well, maybe less waiting to get in and quicker set changes   "
it's such a beautiful day outside    yet i'm not motivated to get anything done 
"no triple crown this year, lookin at lucky stole it away from super saver  not that super saver was in contention after the second turn   "
i love craigslist  so many people selling stuff that they don't know the value of  just paid $50 for something that i would could have sold for $250  cha-ching!
"trying to make sense of the weather  forcast last night was rainy the next few days, yet this morning it was warm and <propfemale>  halfway through feeding my lambs, clouds roll in and down the rain comes! weather predicting is definitely not on my list of career options "
grrr i hate driving in portland with a passion  especially <propfirst> blvd  we have a dark and angry past 
"grrr    9am: pouring rain  10am: <propfemale>, little breezy  1pm: sprinkling, still breezy  2pm: pouring  4pm: <propfemale> again! i'm afraid to look out the window in an hour    pick a weather category and stay, sky! you're driving me crazy here!"
"needs something to do, seriously bored  already went to work, finished my book, and watched netflix for several hours  now i want to go interact with people or something  anyone got ideas?"
<propfirst> <propfemale> may rule at beer pong against <propfemale> white but he doesn't have anything on <propfirst> trump's remote control boat driving skills!
"my mom and i were coming up with titles for lost if they ever do another show  we narrowed it down to really lost, or lost: again  wink "
so bored  and not looking forward to tomorrow  sad 
"hmmm fed lambs with <propfemale>, then headed to <propfemale>'s for a late night milk shake run  twas a good night  smile "
just got an email that made my day!  smile ))))
"my mom just got me some awesome scooby doo band aids for my burns from the deli  smile  they're so cool, you'd be jealous if you saw them "
off to shear some lambs this morning  show time tomorrow!
"got my first speeding ticket! on the way to a sheep show, rushing to bring the fitting supplies that people forgot  boy was that awesome  can kiss this paychec and some of the next goodbye "
"seriously sleepy day  tentative plans kept getting cancelled, so i ended up watching law and order reruns on netflix most of the afternoon  ah well, working lots this week so i guess i should conserve my energy anyway "
wishing a bag of money would fall out of the sky  doesn't seem so impossible with so much rain doing the same thing 
"mom and i finally got started on the garden  with all the rain the plants would have been ruined if we'd planted them before now  got the soil turned over, some seeds and started plants bought    now we just wait for the sky to dry up a bit and we can get them in the ground!"
"loooong ass day  worked till midnight last night, up at 5 smile 0 this morning to load up the lambs, weighed them in at the fairgrounds, then unloaded the lambs  off to the regional cfa show for a couple hours, then to a family reunion  two hours on 205 because of bridge construction that is taking forever to finish, which should have been a 20 minute drive, then back to work till midnight  i'm so ready for bed "
wishes sunday would hurry up and get here! doesn't help that i can't sleep therefore time is dragging by even slower 
i need an overweight serial killer (or some crime equally as bad) to test a medication theory of mine on  anyone got someone that fits that description locked up in their basement or something? potentially (if it works) i could cure heal two things at once!
i already know today won't be any good  why? because it started just like the last two 
odot you are retarded  the end 
"so    a lady came through my checkline tonight wearing a very large vest    with no shirt on beneath it  bra was very visable  ok, not their weirdest thing i've seen from the customers  what moved it to the top five was as she was walking away, i realized, she had no pants on! no short shorts either, i could tell  not that i wanted to "
"had a pretty good weekend + monday    but i have to drag myself back to work in the morning, and i'm not looking forward to it  sigh "
some of the lambs have sore mouth  can only hope and pray they all get over it by august 11th 
it just gets better and better (being sarcastic) 
i hope the spider gods don't come after me for revenge    i killed at least 15 of their children today 
16 days! so far away yet time is passing far too quickly!
"maybe    just maybe, things are falling into place?"
"fair starts in three days! where did the time go? still so much to get ready    oh, if anyone plans on coming, i've got a limited number of extra gate and parking passes  call text message me asap if you're interested "
"how is it that my 7 year old nephew never fails to win monopoly agianst my mom and i?  i haven't beat him once, not sure what the score is between him and his grandma  is it a sign that the leaders of this country should take the mindset of a 7 year old to get the country out of it's financial problems? or maybe just 7 year old advisors   "
"way too many up and down emotions today  add standing for hours, walking around, and clipping lambs to the mix during my 18 hour day at the fairgrounds and i'm officially emotionally and physically drained  just want to go to bed and sleep for a week  not to mention i'm extremely nervous about tomorrow   "
"first and second in weight class 2  smile  no grand or reserve, they just weren't heavy enough  oh well  one of my first year 4-her's lambs took reserve grand lamb though, very happy for her! on to tomorrow: showmanship!"
"phew, hardest class in fair is over: showmanship  but hey, out of 24 seniors and 60ish kids total, i managed to pull off reserve senior showman and reserve supreme showman  pretty darn pleased with that    nice way to finish up my final year in 4-h too! auction time tomorrow!"
"only one day left of fair, can you believe it? lambs sold in the auction today, i do believe i made a little money, surprisingly, seeing as my e playful enses were twice the amount of previous years  hey, big thanks to my buyers: <propfirst> lineweber and orchards feed mill! and all the buyers who added on! round <propfirst> tomorrow, no way i'll win but might as well have some fun pretending to know what i'm doing  smile "
"alright ready to be blown away? some of you guys have been following my updates and i'm honored i'm interesting  enough  smile  so on to the big news: today was large animal round <propfirst>    like i said yesterday, i was planning on walking in and having fun, don't want to stress about it    i won  well sorta  reserve champ senior showman and reserve champ master    like, of all species and all kids  crazy "
"all moved in at oregon state  for seven sheep we have three pens    but our tack room is four long! ahh, leg space! tomorrow:    let the shearing begin!"
"ahh, trash can diving to find a missing tack box key  did we find it? nope  but we found lots of other stuff that we couldn't identify  and got lots of stares from the public!"
ah nothing like getting dumped to the bottom of the spring ewe lamb class without even a glance  apparently club lambs are supposed to be medium plus in frame size    right  good thing we e playful ected it 
my mind was just blown away 
work at 5am tomorrow  boy am i excited   
"i've started watching la ink again    and my craving for a tattoo has been renewed x50  unfortunately, the funds are still not available to make that happen "
"throughly cleaned inside the couch tonight, down all the sides behind the cushions    amazing the stuff i found  sure won't need to buy pencils pens for class this year! an old necklace i thought was stolen (oops), a remote from 8+ years ago, and all those chapsticks that mysteriously go missing   "
about to start my first 40 hour work week    not exactly looking forward to it  just the paycheck at the end  smile 
hahaha! 9 months ago the east coast had a massive snow storm that kept people mostly holed up in their homes    area hospitals are now reporting a minor baby boom   
on my way to state for livestock judging  praying to make the top 4 so i can go to nationals!
shut the door on an old life  today is the beginning of a fresh start 
ugh! why must i be tortured with the same immature person in both my classes?! it's just not fair  sad 
"ha! finished all my homework  what's that? it's only the second day of the quarter? yep, i know  smile "
"quite displeased that my $298 paycheck was instead $246  thank you taxes, you are worse than union dues "
"what would my mother do without me? ruin the netflix return envelope, thats what  we've only had netflix oh, six months now  still doesn't get how to open the envelopes "
math homework (all three assignments): check  studying for psych test: no check  sigh 
super bored tonight  wanting to go out and do something but no one's available!  annoyed 
someone stole my debit card info and has been using it online  oh what great fun this will be!
"there is no doubt in my mind, my mom and i would fail spectacularly if we tried to go into carpentry as a career  the proof lies in our dismal attempt at fixing our fence "
"\that's your position? a fake's no good but a fake fake is ok?\"" best line i've heard yet in this show """
"so i decided to do a complete cleaning organization of my room    my bed is now covered in clothes, i've got bags of stuff for donation and trash, and my room definitely looks no closer to being clean  it's gonna be a long night "
"the older i get, the more i hate getting older  can i go back just a couple years?"
it's snowing!  smile 
"\i think your clock and me are becoming good friends \""  smile """
"i would really appreciate it if people would stop calling in \sick\"" to work  doing twice the work in the same amount of time is getting really old really fast """
looking forward to a day off tomorrow 
i'm pretty sure that's snow falling outside my window    this makes things interesting   
"i finally get a shift that doesn't have me working till 10pm, and my plans fall through  figures! now i'm helluv bored, anyone want to do something?"
i feel like parts of my life are becoming a reality show without the cameras  sad  i hate drama 
how can one night complicate everything so much?  sad 
really don't feel like going to work today    8 hrs of $5 friday is gonna suck 
in a great mood  smile  hoping things keep going the way they're going 
lovin that i woke up to snow this morning    now i just wish i could go back to sleep 
got an interview at a vet clinic! so excited!
interview seemed to go great  smile  now i have a working interview next week!
blueberry  smile 
"day 5 of this cold, wish it would just go away  making sandwiches for people sucks when my throat is on fire "
getting ready to leave for the bowling tournament    still haven't kicked this cold but hopefully i can ignore it and bowl well 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! it made me smile all day at work  smile 
"do you think i would get fired if i murder one of my coworkers? cause she's asking for it  if it helps, my boss doesn't care for her either "
