f0a8f7167a1727fa569b4bfaf7b3f4a8
lucky number 15 the battle for la begins
shaq and <propmale> <propfirst> together still cant stop the mamba
no more south american women    
"no more south american women, they are crazy,        "
another soprano marathon today ?? season 4 still going
hey texas friends are you ready for an upset by the winless panthers
stuck in houma for the night
"going freeze my ass off in milwaukee for 3 wks, hello frozen tundra !!! brrrrrrrrr !!!!!!"
its only 28 degrees here in milwaukee and the locals say this is warm for january   wtf ???? that guy has shorts on !!!!
"its only 28 degrees here in milwaukee and the locals say this is warm for january   wtf ???? that guy has shorts on !!!! oooooohhh its going to be a cold 3wks, brrrrr !!!!"
its only 28 degrees here in milwaukee and the locals say this is warm for january   wtf ???? that guy has shorts on !!!!
freezing fog anyone ??? thats right freezing fog !!!!!
it was great being in a bar in wisconsin and winning surrounded by farve and vikings fans !!!! who dat ? who dat ? who dat say goin beat dem saints !!!!!!!!!!!!
"high of 12 degrees and low of 5 degrees !!! cant wait to get back to the south, i hate the cold !!!"
"last weekend in milwaukee, going to the <propmale> musuem then shaking the dice at the casino          cant wait for my sat morning flight outta here !!!!"
"48hrs left in this frozen place, i will be back in the who dat state saturday !!!"
"marketing meeting, blah blah blah             wait i have one too    that is marketing paper"
"its over now just have to wait for my 945am flight to <propmale> !!! touchdown in b r  at 330pm,"
"thanks for fucking up my insurance, i have the best policy paid by my job, thanks again you socialist"
"its such a nice day, lets go outside"
"fox  news exclusivemarch 29, 2010mon, 29 mar 2010 04 surprise 0 surprise 0 gmt11 surprise 3 pm est foxnews com by <propfemale> macedo  terror more guantanamo detainees are returning to terror upon release"
busy busy busy mondays           gotta love them
will today ever end ?????????????
another busy day        and i am done today      good to be the boss hahahah
ahhhhhhhh mondays
bye bye dumb-marcus !!!! we finally got rid of the biggest bust in nfl history !!!!
bye bye dumb-marcus the greatest bust in nfl history !!!!!!!!
"anyone in need of a job, i'm hiring for a b2b salesperson, ft sales clerk and pt sales clerk"
"lakers going for the sweep tonight !!!! whats up <propfirst> whats up san <propfirst>, ya'll hating me yet !!!!"
"as much as i hate boston, i hope they stick it to <propmale> <propfirst> !!!!!"
later <propmale> <propfirst> !!! go c's !!!
"hey <propmale> <propfirst> lovers, if you want someone to gravy train for, start piling on the durant bandwagon, he is your next <propfirst>"
just wondering are all you cavs fans jumping ship when the <propmale> leaves ?????
boooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!! mondays !!!!!!!!!!
almost game time !!!! repeat champions take the floor tonite
"damn black mamba, looking for another sweep !!!!!"
game 2 of the 4 game sweep tonight
cali bound
"just climbed out of hell, damn its hot"
game time tonite !!!!!!!! back 2 back champs take down the c's
"laker time !!!!!!! believe it !!!!!!!!! believe it !!!!!!!!!!! \rip lima time !!!!!!!!!"
always good taking game one !!!
"cant wait for game 3 tonite, can it be 8pm already"
"sloppy game but a win is a win, thanks fish !!!!"
queensbridge wasn't represented last night !!! gotta step it up
"like magic said \calm ourselves down and get back into our game\"""""
"game 7 is tonite, celtics have no <propmale> tonite            thats whats up pimp !!!"
is it me or does it feel like a friday today ???????
need to get away for a while
damn the heat hit the lotto
"damn all you cav fans jump on the heat bandwagon !!!! but do know the road to championship goes through la, and the black mamba is awaiting !!!!"
had a great nite and cant be stopped
lebron fans     do you realize your hero is gravy training front running hoe ???
peep that game pimp
need a few beers getting thristy
wouldnt life be great if there was background music          ha
getting ready to shut it down on work and starting up playtime             and thats whats up pimp
"football season is in the air, training camps are opening around the league"
later farve          damn the vikings are f***ed !!!
headin out of town        and there is my beautiful girl smiling and ready to go      adios lafayette
madden 11 is here !! get it son !!
<propmale> plunkett the 2nd makes his debut against the crack wagon !!!!
bet the over tonite
c'mon man !!!!!!
"tonite bet the over, no blitz packages means lots points          call me <propfirst> hover"
<propmale> bound
why cant it be wednesday the 8th
back from <propmale> interview went well is there an offer comming friday
i'm watching no  1 alabama at no  10 arkansas on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  soc li yvtskwk
i'm watching no  1 alabama at no  10 arkansas on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  soc li yvtskwk
i'm watching no  1 alabama at no  10 arkansas on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  soc li yvtskwk
i'm watching no  1 alabama at no  10 arkansas on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  soc li yvtskwk
"another long season is ahead for the raiders       just cant get right !!! could\ve had vick but na we went with campbell"""
is leaving work     peace out
went 10-3 against the over under yesterday        time to move vegas hahahah
"lead pipe picks my gift to you: take green bay and bet the over, also take san <propmale> and the over and bet the over bal vs den also take jville and the under"
i'm watching sec live on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  bit ly alo9dg
i'm watching sec live on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  bit ly alo9dg
i'm watching sec live on cbssports com  check it out http annoyed  bit ly alo9dg
"man it feels good to get home and put on some <propfemale> girls reruns, open a wine cooler and soak my feet in my foot bath!!"
how much does it cost to buy a mexican baseball team…10 bucks and a burrito?
raider's in first place what a glorious monday
thank you for all the birthday wishes
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes
