cfdad5dde066fc88a382e91fcf41a00f
"can i change my name to \youtubejunkie?\"""""
tried cat bowlling - got 38   good way to kill time!
pool party!!!!
someone sent me a card but i can't open it   i get a message that the program is not compatible with macs!
taking <propmale> and the kittens to the vet today for vaccinations   should be an interesting day!
needs to post some new pictures!
"took an awesome trip to the pacific nw in late feb and early mar  will post photos soon (i hope!!!)  so much technology, so little time!"
"<propfirst> mowed a wonderful walking trail around our place   now there are places i want to put little benches and one place a gazebo would be really nice       so many ideas, so little time "
"today, we celebrate our 24th anniversary! we gave each other iphones! very cool! hurray for us!  we still like each other a whole lot!"
jakob dylan: women and country!
please keep my brother and his family in your thoughts and prayers today   my sister-in-law is critically ill 
thanks for all your prayers  my sister-in-law showed amazing improvement yesterday   check my <propfemale> for my niece's update and please continue with the good thoughts and prayers 
"thanks, <propfemale>   here is her post: \<propfemale> shelton: mom is still critical but has surprised the doctors  she's wiggling fingers! and her eyeballs move! we now have hope!    and arkansas is really humid   "
"my sister-in-law continues to make amazing strides toward recovery   the prayers are working   thank and, please, keep them coming "
"i hope everyone had a safe, enjoyableand not-too-soggy 4th of july!  it rained here   a lot!  but it didn't rain us out!  our 4th was great!"
really good news!  my niece posted the following earlier today: mom's innercranial pressure has stabilized! they are taking her brain drain out right now! and fayetteville is hot and humid   smile 
"my sister-in-law moved to a rehab facility yesterday!  yea!  i'll be making a trip to arkansas to pick up my niece   we're traveling to new mexico where she just bought a house and needs to take care of business   so, auntie gets another road trip!"
good morning from new mexico!  after seeing my brother's wife on monday i believe she will make a complete recovery   today my niece closes on her house and we start moving   her friends have packed all her belongings so we are kind of camped out in her apartment for the time-being   one thing is for sure: no matter who shows up to help move i'll be the oldest   does that mean i can be the boss?
"i'm back in oklazona!  the good news is that my sister-in-law continues her amazing recovery  it was a good trip to nm   i love that high desert climate   i \glowed\"" the whole time i was there!"""
fb friends: the contest to win a tanker truck for the <propmale> fire department ends today   they have danced their hearts out to win much needed equipment   it is a volunteer fire department   check them out on utube - there are multiple videos  you can vote @e-one com   the winner will be announced later today!  go lvfd!
wow! felt a 3 6 magnitude earthquake last night!  kind of spooky      
32665
om mani padme hum
