dce241d4ad5b9f634fa8c868a62b9e67
is getting ready to go see lamb of god tonight
about to leave for the doctor   hope it's not the flu or pnuemonia again=[[
is so tired of being nauseous all the time=[
is so tired of being nauseous all the time=[
so ready for my 7 days off smile ]
bed rest sux ass   i'm so bored   
"got to go home from the hospital today, still on bed rest and it looks like it's going to be that way until zoey gets here, but atleast i'm at home now"
"ready for zoey to get here, bed rest is about to drive me crazy"
about to go to the doctor yet again   
in the hospital again   
stuck in the hospital until i have zoey=[
anytime between sun and two weeks from then zoey will be here  i'm so ready   
my awesome hubby went to get me dinner smile ] he's the best   
yay! zoey's carseat and stroller made it here before her smile 
can't believe zoey is almost three weeks old   it's gone by so quickly
zoey is three weeks old today! it's going by way to fast   
going to take a shower then pick zoey up from mom's  so glad for the nap i got today
took zoey for her 1 month check-up she weights 7lb 7oz  now and is 19in  long   he said she's looking perfect smile ]]
waiting on my hubby and little girl to get home   glad i survived my first week back at work it sux being away from my little girl=[[
i can't believe zoey's already got a tooth! she's only 3 and a half months!
just got an awesome new phone! smile )
please pray for my uncle he has a fractured vertebrae and they're doing surgery on him tonight
"they didn't get to do surgery on my uncle last night so its scheduled for tomorrow morning, keep him in ur prayers"
on our way to see <propmale> zombie!
i love days off with my baby girl   missing will tho   i  love  my family
about to see <propmale> potter smile 
happy thanksgiving smile 
zoey's sick crying  she has an upper respiratory infection and an ear infection   she sounds a little better today but still not good   
zoey slept all night! and she acts like she's feeling better! smile 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! it was a great day!
made it to work finally!
ready to finally go home tomorrow and see my hubby and little girl   i've missed them so much!
