138f526579ebe1830be2b91f7e962bcd
whats ur status?
"im like at my grandmas and there cookin, makes me feel like if i was a <propmale>ber id <propmale> their kitchen instead of a store"
"phrase of the century   \remind me when i get my permit not to drive with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"""""
i am so bored i found myself pretending i was an english gunner on a ship bout an hour ago    i know    very lame
"i hate public school, maybe next year i might go back to mt calvary, for those who dont know what that is, thats a christian academy i went to last year "
"i got suspended outa school for the stupidest thing, in my math class theres  a sink that no one uses and it has the most annoying drip, so i put tape over the faucet, then someone decides to wash there hands and it sprays water everywhere! so i got two days and maybe a few ruined calculators playful "
im so anxious for christmas! happy b-day jesus i love u!
im broke so no gifts for ya'll but give me your address cuz i got cute cards playful 
don't fall for someone unless they're willing to catch you- by caila dail
i ended 2010 single!
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him! i love defeating him! copy and re-post"
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him! i love defeating him! copy and re-post\<propfemale> and rustee did"
im not single anymore!!!!!!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   and 4 words is hard "
i hate how u pull out a blue crayon and its purple
did anyone hear that the facebook guy is gonna either sell or shut down facebook on may 15!
to anyone who cares(laura and <propfirst>) im single but cant change the darn thing!
check out my profile its like awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
got a head cold       medicine sucks playful 
cant decide what i should do 4 my b-day    any suggestions?
"dont read this if your not a geek!!!!!!!!      scientists have actually found dark matter, its atom is made of a new decided element   xenon and wimps(not a person surprise )  it is virtually invisible, it pratically not there, anyway they found it 4000 feet underground in a recent mine made into a lab  its located in oklahoma i think  awesome aint it, iknow im a geek lol"
"new apocalyptic game comin out in september this year    its called \rage\"""""
"i give up, there ain't no way im gettin my mom to take to va with her   well i tried sad "
i love va!
todays my b-day!!! finally 13
like this and say one good thing about me then copy and paste
like this if u hate beiber!!!!!!!!
"heres a riddle: a man comes to town on friday, stays two days and leaves on friday, how does he do this?  if u get this right your a awesome person!"
"i hate it! my teachers use to be like family every year and now every year they get worse and worse and i get ones that make me want to scream and almost lose my religion  i hate my math teacher and i dont care if he sees this!!!and dont worry i still love math, i dont think i missed a question on the eog's!  smile "
"math eogs tommorow one without calculator, i do better on this one, i cant figure a claculator out for nothing, i dont like to use them cuz they basically do the work for u!"
"go <propmale> mcreery, youll win idol!"
"tomorrow is not judgment day, or at least dont plan on it because nobody knows the time or hour when god is gonna come!!!!! people should act as if may 21 or dec  21 is every day, be right with god everyday!!!!"
what did i tell people in my last post    guess what your still here!
12 5 days till summer!
i hate how when you friend someone on facebook and then they never talk to u
sugar-honey-iced-tea!!! - <propfemale>  smile lol
i hate when you want a blue crayon and the one you grab is purple!!!lol
"i hate when you \like\"" something then they clutter your home <propfemale>"""
"i think <propmale> was good but <propfirst> really pulled it off, i cant really pick"
"i got such a bad headache, i hope they will shutup tommorow in mrs sowers class"
he won he won he won <propmale> won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propmale> admitted he and <propfirst> arn't goin out
"mom: (yells downstairs) \what r u doing dear\""\",138f526579ebe1830be2b91f7e962bcd,everyones goin to the beach and swiming but i just cant find the right bikini lol playful 
dislike: writing something and no one comments or likes ( or look)  -exhibit a-
"my mom wont cut my hair shoulder length because she says shes been there, i hate it when they use that!"
"good night, sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite  wink "
i  love  pie
peace and  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"school was awesome today, mr neff wasn't there!"
just got a weeworld tell me ur name
i cant stand a jealous person  n surprise ne has anything to be jealous of as long as there are friends nearby that do care  yet some people cant see that
some sugar hyper frenzied childrens today! got a sugar hangover lol
i got through 7th grade without kicking anyones butt and getting suspended!!!!
"i couldnt wait to get older and now before im even there im wishin i was younger lol, who else feels that way? lol"
why cant there be school from 1-3?
saw true grit it was awesome
"guess what peoples im not allergic to chocolate anymore, i read that after months of avoidence the allergy can go away and it did ive already had like 6 brownies!!!!\:"
"something i like annoyed wimming\something i dislike: rutabagas\something i love: animals\something i hate: disrespect\like this and ill give u a letter  smile "
"got money, and u kno it, take it out your pocket and show it, then throw it!-lil <propmale> lol"
"if u talk 2 me alot on facebook and whenever u ask me what im doing i will almost always say \nothing\"""""
"went to my grandparents today, walked through the door and i saw a box of kfc chicken in da kitchen      then i started dancing lol haha"
the 1st person to like this status will be my profile pic for the day! 2nd person to like this status – their last name will be my last name for 2 days! 3rd person to like this status can dare me to do one thing  4th person to like this status – i will say i’m in a relationship with you for a week!
"like this status & i’ll post on your wall, being honest annoyed 1  real or fake\2  nice or mean\3  hug or kiss\4  cute or ugly\……5  friend or stranger\6  smash or pass\7  first impression\8  rate 1-10 -\9  do i think you’re cute ?\10  are you a good friend ?\11  what do i think about you ?\12  can you dress ?\13  would i ever date you ?\14  you & me should ?"
all the single ladies like this!!!!!! lol
"if you love me  [ c o m m e n t   ]if you think i'm cute  [ l i k e   ]if you wanna flirt [i m ]if you wanna date me, be honest, i'll keep it a secret  [ m e s s a g e )if your not scared, [ m a k e   t h i s   y o u r  s t a t u s ]"
im foldin in for da night fb peoples   see u in the morning    lol
i like how people use fb more like a twitter account
<propfemale> munoz i will win this poke war!!!
wheres a good place to buy a swimsuit?!!?
"cuz of dis smoke, my throat is so swollen and it hurts really  bad   "
"like people, salt and sugar look the same on the outside but they are totally different personalities"
"how do u make a signature, or do u just write it"
"im a gummy bear, yes im a gummy bear"
"my bestie <propfemale> wiggins and i found our lucky number together, it was 27, like dis and i will tell u how we found it lol"
"a friend of mine once said, everyone has their blonde moments, i just have mine all the time lol"
"i hate ppl who     i cant e playful lain i just cant stand the way some ppl are, we all get tired of ppl who dont treat u right, at least on fb you can delete them  smile      sorry bout da randomness i just had a bad moment dealing with one of those ppl"
all gurls will agree there is no better feeling than leaving the bathroom with super soft hair   makes me so happy
copy this as ur status & c what people rate u 1 violent 2 i'll marry u 3 sweet 4 hot 5 talkative 6 short 7 funny 8  fun 9 perfect 10  i love u 11 i miss u 12 retarded 13 random 14 ur the best 15 i'd date u 16 cute 17  crazy 18 bestfriend 19 awesome 20 i'd die for u love u  smile 
"cheyene penley, <propfemale> munoz,          i will win dis poke war, ur computer will rot before i quit, bwwaahhhaaahhhaaahhaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"remember in like 1st grade, how we fought to be the line leader            playful "
got milk?
i luv my kidnapper!  smile 
"it's offical  signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv  facebook will start charging this summer if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message if not your account will be deleted  p s, this is serious the icon turns blue"
<propfirst> <propfirst> wasnt found guilty of murder she just was guilty to giving false info    im glad because i dont believe she did
"went to the country club today, went swimming and forgot to put sunscreen on my face, now i look like a clown with a big red nose lol"
blackberry-
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says if you deny me (jesus) in front of your peers i will deny you infront of my father at the gates of heaven  this is simple, if you love god and are not afraid to show it, repost this  just copy and paste  no shame   "
i invented a new word!! merge accurate and reliable together and u get    accurable!!!!
"u kno wats good?----stuffed <propfemale> peppers, the ones with rice      lol im so random"
"my mom saw a ufo yesterday at my grandmas, it flew away then two really fast jets came by that area!!!!!"
"?????? ???? ????? ????? ??? \??????????? ???? ??? ?? \???? ???? ?????? ?????? ??? \???? ???? ??? ?? ?? ?? ?? \???????? ??????? ??? ?? \????? ??????? ?????? ?? ??? "
who has a twitter i just got one and need ppl's lol
"single or not; put this as your status and see what you get in your inbox  wink \black: i want a relationship with you \green: i'm falling for you \purple: i miss you \orange: i actually really like you    "
did anyone hear <propfemale> whinehouse was found dead?
"???????????????????????????\1)if you think im nice     like this status \2)if you think i'm a good friend     comment this status \3)if you have ever liked me poke me (i wont tell,, i promise)\4)if you like me now inbox me a heart (i wont tell,, i promise)\5)if you would ever date me inbox me a smiley face (i wont tell,, i promise)\6)if your brave enough make this your status "
i got the most stupidest song stuck in my head ask me what?!
everybody like <propfemale>'s fan <propfemale>!!!
want somebody to tlk too    
straight fries vs curly fries
confession 1- i've never swam in the ocean
confession 2- i dont like hip-hop  or rap or watever u call it lol
confession 3- i like having my blood drawn and getting shots
confession 4- ive never been in an airplane but i want to
"confession 5- im pure country, i ride a horse like crazy, ive been stuck in 3 foot mud   at least i think it was mud lol, and ive beeen swimmin' with giant snappin turtles which where i come from we call em cooters   they taste good lol"
confession 6- i play chess    good
confession 7- i like nerf guns       ok i luv em
"confession 8- i wear a jacket alot in summer, i dont know why"
confession 9- i read the dictionary
"confession 10- i write poetry, and ppl think its actually good, i really dont know"
confession 11- i know that ppl thinks its weird that i <propfemale> a purse but i really dont give a crap lol
confession 12- igtg lol
obama looks like a monkey    
"god has no blackberry but is my favorite contact    he does not have facebook but is my best friend    he does not have twitter but i still follow him    and even without internet, i am always in contact with him !!! paste it on your wall if god is great to you !!! i am not ashamed !!!!!! ?"
"i hate that i have to measure myself to shop online, but hey, when your my size u wanna be sure lol"
i hate this new chat bar thingy!!!
like if u get bored on fb
"kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they only want what everyone wants     to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour? it is special education week & autism & adhd awareness month, and this is in honor of all children"
"if you love me, (comment on this status) if you think im a good friend, (like this status) if you ever had a crush on me, be honest, (poke me) if your not scared (make this your status)"
"like this if i should get my hair cut to normal long hair length, ima show dis to my mom lol"
uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm                                                                                                            idk
baking brownies  smile 
i dont do lima beans without ketchup
"\don't fall for someone unless they're willing to catch you\"""""
inbox me if u wanna be my matchmaker this year lol  love   love   love 
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love                  thats me trying to give a heart to all mii friends
"\if you walk around punching people you will eventually break your hand\"" --------  rustee' <propfemale> futrell"""
"did anyone know mrs sowers had a fb, im not gonna request her but, i just wanna know if anyone knew?"
i may look like im listening but i couldnt care less
"we are girls, when we go home    \our straightened hair goes up into messy buns  \our makeup has faded or smudged so we take it off  \the fake smile vanishes and we show how we really feel  \our brand new shirt changes into our favorite old sweater  \our skinny jeans are traded for sweat pants or pajamas  \our shoes come off and the slippers come out  \when we get home, you wouldn't recognize us   "
from now on when ur chattin with someone and u wish u had a like button use this *like*
iluv everyone who sees this  love           well almost everyone lol
cant sleep
anybody feel like 8th grade gonna be the same as 7th?
"im bringin' pepsi back, dem other sodas dont know how to act!"
"i did it, i cut my hair and colored it, sounds small but that is a big accomplishment for me! it looks so pretty"
this is jesus' week!!! anybody who has been saved or knows jesus and he has done a miracle for you and your family and you love him with all your heart and you're not ashamed of him re-post this  let's see who isn't ashamed of him 
"you might be a redneck if     you think \loading the dishwasher \"" means getting your wife drunk """
you might be a redneck if    you ever cut the grass and found a car 
you might be a redneck if    you own a trailer thats mobile and 5 cars that aren't
you might be a redneck if    you think the stock market has a fence around it 
you might be a redneck if    your car speakkers used to belong to the drive-in theater
if you want more redneck jokes read my note lol
"omg i cant e playful lain it im just so excited i cant wait for tuesday to see everybody, who else feels this way?"
how old do i look? i already got an idea lol( pls comment)
bout to leave!!
<propfemale> winehouse didnt die of drugs her autopsy said she was clean <propfemale> she died
"who actually reads my posts? let's see who reads this fully, leave me a one word comment that best describes me  also, make sure to copy this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word and not copy, that's no fun"
turns out my baby loves to   fish!!---i luv that song its so cool!!!
"i just cut myself with a jello cup, who does that!!!???   let me guesss   me!"
that akward moment when you realize the person your talking to doesnt care
"everybody get up here when u wake up tommorrow and answer this annoyed how tired are you 1-10?"
"i hate the sound of an alarm clock, and we gotta hear it tommorrow!!  sad "
my finger still hurts from dat jello cup smh
"i got a problem, i try to pour a bowl of lucky charms, and i get my bowl filled to where i want then see a marshmallow at the end of the bag, i pour it in  then i see another marshmallow on the edge of da bag so i pour it in and this goes on untill my bowl is overflowwing, somebody gotta help me something wrong , i think i got charm-phobia haha"
if women ruled the world there would be no wars  just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other
"so sad    please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a stupid person right now, i know i am  there is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness! 53% won't re-post this because they don't know how to copy & paste  (hahahahhah)"
"it just hit me, i have school tommorrow, that is sol    idk im bout to cry"
"goodbye freindly fb socializing nights, hello scandelous school arguing days\its amazing how things change in different circumstances smile  see u all tommorrow"
cant sleep
good morning!
that terrible squinting face when ur using mouthwash haha
bubble wrap  love 
"my mommy is looking at the christmas shopping shows, she even thinks im still eight from what she says i wud like"
"there calling for half a day at csss, and im staying home its not like were doing anything!!"
its rainy and <propfemale> at mii house
did i miss anything in mr paylors class?
"uhhggghhhh i hate desperate little boys who <propmale> and <propmale> and dont take a hint, then they do the little pity trick, then they make it all akward where u cant live ur life like a normal person!!!! i need some tough female bodyguards!! the ones who can give a hint that goes through thick skulled idiots!!!! job hiring: pays a lifetime frendship lol, ugh i just hate it"
my lights are on!!!!! and i got a new fone!!! im so happy!!!!!
im so glad i aint got no school tommorrow
event
goodnite  smile 
theres another hurricane on the way its spose to o on da same path
"you're in a mental hospital, use the first six people on your list on your profile \\1  person who drove you crazy: bre mcwilliams \2  person who signed you in: <propfemale> munoz\3  your doctor: <propfemale> wiggins\   4  person in the corner drooling on themselves: <propfemale> lakeila mccall\5  your room mate: keyona kslice redmon\6  person who helps break you out: <propfemale> <propfemale> esquivel"
do we got school tommorrow??
not 1 of my facebook friends will copy this post     if you would be there for me then copy this     i'm doing this to prove a friend wrong that someone is always listening
har har har its a weiner!!! lol
sick as a dog    
if u see this lms
like this status if your glad <propfemale> met me  then set this as <propfemale>r status and see how many likes <propfemale> get * stolen*  wink 
still sick but like i said cant miss a day with this stupid notebook thingy!! i hate it!!
i didn't go to no school on a saturday that's ridiculous     ok i wanted to go but im sick so i couldn't
"they think because i am quiet i am sweet, because i am little i am harmless  let me tell you, big and loud things come in sweet and harmless packages!"
yoo-hoos r good lms
104 days till christmas!!!
lms if u wud date a minun (the litlle yellow guys)
"my mom asked me if i want dayquil(non drowsy) or nyquil, i said nyquil i wanna feel dat mess lol now im up in da clouds"
survivor tip: if u and a friend get chased by a bear  outrun ur frend not the bear  if u get it lms
conrats to the new couple! u know who!
babysitting   
we lost oh well but had a good time and yall cheerleaders were awesome  smile 
"i dont know whether or not to wear a sweater its still summer but its freezing today, im gonna wear it anyway if i look weird or not!"
who wants to meet me at the fair tuesday at 5 surprise 0 i wanna have someone to walk with
randomm: lms-when u spill a drink and u get happy cuz u got it it up before it stained  smile 
the girl you just called fat? she's overdosing on diet pills  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  see that man with the ugly scars? he fought for his country  that guy you just made fun of for crying? his mother is dying  put this as your status if you're against bullying  i bet 95% of you wont!
holy crap everyone got up here at the same time lol
hate the spell check thing up here i mean come on its fb ppl not language arts class!
wore a mood ring today and now my finger is like green from it
fair tonite but first         school! (scary voice) loll
"women are all born angels, and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly      on a broomstick                   \be warned ~ we are flexible like that  ~ keep this post going girls"
"had awesome fun at the fair! so glad i stayed it was great, had fun with <propfemale> <propfemale> mccollam, and killed <propmale> lopez,justin mcfadden, and <propmale> on dem bumper cars! lol"
"oh and <propfirst> mcfadden, hahahaha was screaming like a girl like idk what he was screaming i luv u <propmale>!! the whole time he was on that ride"
omg my butt managed to type a number and send a blank text to someone haha
<propmale> groff just spit in my face and i went on his butt!! i hate him
