f5929e0500550c537d41965bbabb5dc5
"it's a new year! go on and kiss, kiss  2010 isn't for prudes   smile "
"in ct at the moment, drove upp about twothree hours to get here  they live on hills   smile "
holyshizz  i'm back  and barely alivee  x]
pictures on the downloaad   smile 
"drag me to hell;; frickenn' scariest movie i've ever seen  i almost criedd, geezus "
"yarpp, i'm at my baby's <propfirst>'s house! sigh, what a cutie   smile "
my mom is sitting righht next to me   smile  -cough-
"good luck, jacksoonnn     smile "
milk drips when you take it too fast!
you are so selfish! you're going to have that body the rest of your life and i just want it for one night 
"apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?    <propfemale>   smile "
"lmao, i did it again   smile "
"geezy, did we really just make that eighteen? x]"
"and she's   sexy as hell! no, not that one "
to the shower i go   smile 
"aw, shucks   "
racquetball is fer dorrrks 
"haha, she lies  she thinks he is the abosolute sexx   wink "
"out to the churches, babe   smile "
"oh shiz, i just checked my own quiz  i marked one of the answers wrong! i don't have a middle name after all  opps   smile "
"aw, i'm with my mom   smile "
"gosh, i didn't know that this song had those memories in it "
"bop it, twist it, pull it, flick it, spin it!  smile "
please? pretty please?
"<propfirst>, check your inbox, jesus!"
back from the father figure   smile 
"scrabble sucks, it's all about pictionary!  smile "
traffic must suck like a whore in downtown right now   smile 
happy fourth of july! i wish you many e playful loding objects and soggy hot dogs   smile 
went to see the fireworks with the parental and bro   smile 
"i'm a <propfirst>'s with my <propfemale>, <propfemale>   smile "
"warp the rainbow, taste the rainbow   smile "
"boy, it's hot in heree!  wink "
"signing off, sweet dreams, babes   smile "
"pssh, who needs their volume up at level 36 anyway?  smile "
"only way to save, only at giant eagle   smile "
"aww, a very happy month to us   smile "
"i've watched ocean's twelve three times consecutively, and i still don't fully get the plot! x]"
"how would you pronouce a name that starts with an x? i mean, like, wtf?"
"blueberries; the big ones are sweet, the little ones are sour!  smile "
"to sleep, to sleep, goodnight all   smile "
"frigid, tight-fisted whore  > sad "
"goinn' out to eat later, and shannahanna is acominn'   smile "
with <propfirst> trying to figure out who can <propfemale> out today!  smile 
"my landline's broken! and i guess, also with madacious   smile "
"hellothere, world!  smile "
showinn' my mom the ropes of facebook  blehh   sad 
going to the mall later 'round   three-ish?  smile 
"god, why won't facebook space right?!"
those are damnn good lemon cookies   smile 
"warwarwar! after that, there's nothing left anymore "
i wonder who took all the rubber bands   smile 
my throat hurts  ouch   sad 
at the westerhood library! someone come and save me please  x)
reading two full paged books in one day probably hurts my brain right now   laugh 
dowdy folks are less loved  poor them   sad 
"dammit, i was i could change the year of my birthday  >=["
"yeah, i'm a roller coaster, yeah, i go up and down, side to side and up the holster, yeah, i go loopy loopy, i go loco loco insane, call <propfirst> busey, i'm in that pink limousine   smile "
all generalizations are generally false   smile 
girlies hit me up because the homie is famous   smile  with lysserrs   laugh 
finally on at the library   smile 
"i ain't sayin' she a golddigga, but she ain't messin' with no broke   smile "
psst  there is a possibility this isn't <propfemale>  but lets not worry about that   smile 
"haha, aaall byyy myyseeelff   sad "
"<propfemale> comin' over in a bitt, then runnin' for a little while with <propmale>   smile "
"back from the retreat, babies   smile "
"<propfirst> gallner is quite possibly, the most scrumptiously talented actor alive   wink "
"gonna go, gonna rape my kitchenn   smile "
"god, i'm stupid! why did i do that? that hurt in a way i didn't think it would   sad "
"haha, i didn't think i'd ever see a meteor shower   smile "
"girl, your ******* look real nice to me tonight! let's have a pillow fight! i know you're tight! that's when we turn off the lights!  wink "
"arghh, my tummy hurts! but on the bright side, all time low's prehh-tty darn soothing   smile "
"went indoor glowinthedarkk putt-putting today for <propmale>'s birthday, haha   smile "
who's bring sexybackk? mhmm   wink 
"what?! no! <propfemale> is the cutest, sexiest thing on earth! >=["
"yeah? well, that song sucks  i never liked it anyway!"
"omfg, they made an unlike button, sweet! x] oh yeah, and now everyone hates it  even the producer  i'm an awful song writer, really "
"okay, so the producer aka <propfemale>, liked it  it went public  and the hits went down faster than hooker on a teenaged boy! so hah!"
"grr  x[ or you could be d-u-m-b  but that's okay, it's a good thing you have a pretty face!  smile "
"bleh, <propfemale> cade weaver is stupid and a liar! but that's okay, because i lie too  she's the prettiest, and bestest <propfemale> i've ever had   smile "
"goddammit, if only they made smiley faces with the e playful ression i have now! she's like, the supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious of all that is pretty "
she's too pretty to not realize she's not ugly 
"oh, i see  well, <propfemale> is a chronic liar  she just, lies, lies, lies  it's alright, people, it's not contagiouz  that's why i don't lie  much   smile "
"ugh, see, there she goes again! haha, alright, goodnight people   smile "
"remember people, there those who are winners, and those that aren't!"
"who has a fucked up schedule? i do, i do! i mean, who has to switch lunches every semester anyway?"
i'm gonna miss you   annoyed  but i'm gellinn'! go dr scholl's   smile 
"oh, i'm ready for it, c'mon, bring it!"
"so, tomorrow morning: five thirty; greet to mr moon  six; eat breakfast and procede to emo in my dark corner  six fourty some; walk down to the bus stop of doom  six fiftey two; spontaneously combust "
at the book placce with elliss   smile 
they say those teenagers scare the living shit out of me  strike them a violent pose and they'll leave you alone   wink 
my lunch is so lonely   sad 
watching the matrix on a&e   smile 
"i'm so slick, you're gonna need some sandpaper if you're standinn' next to me   wink "
"i haven't been on in a week  sorry, pretties   smile "
"haha, i'm on for dad   smile "
"mom, goddammit  pick up the phone   sad "
when we say [juicebox] - aj rafeal  love your voicee   wink 
"if you were a movie, i'd totally rent you   smile "
kanye sucks! apes! >=[
"i\m gonna take it off now!  wink """
i miss mr boyd   sad  ms hamler can suck my anglesideside!
"aww, i'm sorry i didn't buy your laminated books, mr pamphlet   sad "
wanted: sexy asian looking for the sexiest sexsex guy to take her to homecoming   wink  (preferabley single)
edit; looking for said sex guy to take to north's homecoming  my bad   smile 
"aww, just kidding, <propmale>  i'mma about to hit the hay  tres tired   smile "
"alright, just for the record, anyone going to the south homecoming?  wink "
"oh, i see how it is  i'mma gonna go bankrupt now, aren't i? damn monoply "
shake it like an earthquake!  wink 
"bahh, my project poster is taller than me  40x60! damn "
"attention north kids!; take up your homecoming pictures, please   smile "
"better be scared, gonna come eatchu   smile "
"i'm tired, but i smell like bonfire  yum   smile "
i wish there was a heater for my ass  good game though!  smile 
"taking hot, steamy showers are peaceful   smile "
"hello, homeskilletbisket  read my new note post while i ta-ta off to dreamland   smile "
"and i found you in the ocean blue, fake sky <propfemale> colored bones poke through, and i can never write a lullaby for you, for you   smile "
"i found an acorn yesterday  suck it, bitch "
"let's go rape some kids tonight, guys!  laugh "
"if you're not careful, darling, your mouth could swallow you whole   smile "
"can i hear snore? sweet dreams, everyone   smile "
se maquilla; to put on her makeup   smile 
bonne nuit  good nights   smile 
who's going trickortreating tomorrow?! yeaya   smile 
aw! my <propfemale> swore   smile 
"haha, just go you tonight   smile "
"i just got tight with my ups driver, yo   smile "
"going to the papa's! if you need me, call me   smile "
watching el superduperspecialwalnut brownies cook   smile 
omg  they have an unlike button?! o 0
"all the right moves, yeaahh, we're going down   smile "
classical music makes me smile   smile 
i have glitter underneath my nails and it won't come out  what can i say? i'm a <propfemale>   smile 
"oh geez, those damn dat rape drugs   wink "
p3ni2  my postopia cereal box password   smile 
more black guys should sing for rock boy bands   smile 
"yeah, i think i'd be a mighty ninja   smile "
damn! peanut butter makes your mouth sticky   wink 
"walk like a gentleman and curse like a wave, we look so good and then you throw it away  cause we all got problems when it comes to the soul, who needs anyone?"
today's huganasian day  have you hugged your asian?  smile 
i wish my voice was as deep as that announcer on <propfemale> wars   smile 
working on eros   smile 
"so i just found out that my video camera doesn't connect to my computer  who out there's a whiz and wants to help me complete my project? smile  you'll be a sweetie, i swear "
"well, darn, you just suck like a bad whore, don't you?  smile "
"yarrghh, i eat youuu  > laugh "
"haha, i'm about to put up the christmas tree! i'm so excited!  smile "
ergh  strep is not dope  go excused abscences 
"it's christmas in hollywood, <propfemale>'s back up in the hood, so meet me under the mistletoe, let's fuck!  smile "
"i gotta say, i have my fingers crossed for a white christmas this year   smile "
"for the record, i did have a <propfemale> christmas today   smile "
i wonder if people use rogaine on anywhere else other than their heads     indecision 
"feel the beat now, don't be afraid to get down  say i don't wanna be in love, i don't wanna be in love   smile "
why must limewire be such a pain in the ass?  smile 
"uncle, why are you touching me?! o 0"
"aha, my laundry machine is making funny monster noises  > laugh "
exactly how do these situations get sticky? 0 o
i speak two languages  body and english   wink 
god! why do all these fan pages have to be so damn true?!  laugh 
"argh, today is such a monday "
ah!! birthday treats! numnumnumnumnum   smile 
conch piercing=sex  thank you mom and <propfirst> from bodystain for making it all come true   smile 
"ahehe, i have broken pretzals on the floor and jizz on the walls  i'm having fun   wink "
screwing a class of language arts for ballroom dancing makes me smile   smile 
"now beware, brother  i could own your midget ass   smile "
"why, oh, why do we have to wear clothes? they're such a pain in the ass!"
cannot find the dumplings  oh shit  0 0
"what if we're trying so hard to find proof, that we miss what's already there?"
i played cod for the first time and climbed a huge fucking tree  i am complete   laugh 
you know it's time to check your email when the amount of messages in your inbox equals the year we're living in  -_-'
"oh man, it's a great thing that i had such an kickass weekend because my body is crazy tired   laugh "
because we have to keep the party aliiivee    go ff5!  smile 
"now if only the sky matched the temperature, life would be great   smile "
"success! my daddio's new computer and even better, the new internet works!  smile "
"lmao, a four millimeter weiner   wink "
"these chicks don't even know the name of my band, they're all on me like they wanna hold hands, cuz once i blow they know that i'll be the man, all because i'm the lead singer of my band!  smile "
"i was dreaming about you last night  not in a creepy way, but in an inappropriate way   wink "
"oh, <propfemale>  is mr watson a substitute for mr boyd?  smile "
"now, let the bodies hit floor   smile "
i just took my brother on in an invigorating game of checkers  him annoyed aughing at me=never playing again   laugh 
"today, i pretended i was <propfemale> from the titanic while i stood on the corner of my second story deck, faced the wind with <propfirst> behind me, and felt quite beautiful   smile "
"if it's weed, it's okay  if it's coke or meth, don't take it!"
"dude, my paternal grandpa just died  god bless  rip   sad "
"love, love, love, can't get enough of love  fall down with my face down   smile "
"coming home after a whole day of no classes, pathetically entertaining dance-offs, working at a latino booth with a white person, making a castle for everyone's favorite algebra teacher, and breaking into someone else's house while they egg you on viciously   i think i need to watch some cartoonnetwork   smile "
"from yesterday, it's coming, from yesterday, the fear, from yesterday, it calls him, but he doesn't wanna read the message here, on his face is the map of the world   smile "
poptarts keeps the world from stopping   laugh 
"oh, god  i never knew until i looked back  i am so sorry "
"so, i went to the dentist today  how exactly are you supposed to position your tongue when they fiddle around on your teeth? o 0"
"sexually, mentally, physically, emotionally, i'll be like your medicine, you'll take every dose of me   smile "
i know how i'm going to die  death by choking on my mucus! fuck these  allergies   laugh 
you know it's time to change the channel when animal planet starts to make you cry   laugh 
"i'd love to see you, but a thousand <propmale> seems a little too far to walk for me   smile "
has a fever  a dance fever!  wink 
"i was thinking about getting three dogs and naming each one waka, flocka, and flame  i figured if i ever lost them, i could have an excuse to run around the public screaming 'waka flocka flame!' nonstop   smile "
only real thugs would be hardcore enough to curbstomp an orange  try not to be too jealous   smile 
"girl, i gotta go! i'm finished with the show, if you wanna ____ me, i won't say no! touchin' on my ____, while i'm touchin' on your ____! you know that we are gonna ____, cause i don't give a ____! -3oh!3's new single   smile "
is working on raising a 15%f  in <propmale>  fuuuuuuckk me nooow  -_-
"as rihanna would say, the weather right now is so hot, so hooot! x)"
i have two favorite things in the world  unibears   and chiggers!  laugh 
the chemistry between liars like you and me ignites like gasoline   smile 
so many asians at the asian festival! hello brothers and sisters   smile 
"psh, who wants a relationship anymore? all i want is a cuddle <propmale>   smile "
fucking yeeeaaaaaya man  no school and summer's pretty cute   smile 
"over at da triplet's place, facebooking in the dark with the fan on  what a life   smile "
"i was eating chocolate and saw some chocolate on my finger  after a couple moments of licking it, i discovered it was a pen stain  -_-"
getting friend requests from family members makes me feel obligated  ergh 
"ah, the supreme greatness of a flipflop tanline   smile "
"about to board the plane soon to the homeland  if the sky ever decided to fall, it better not fall now, or else we're all fucked  i love you guys, leave me nice american things for when i get back   smile "
"mama's back in town!  laugh d haha, i'm back in the states and have souvenirs to give oouuuttt   smile "
i want to be like ms fine when i grow up!  smile  but hopefully i won't find my mr sheffield by loosing my job  >_>
"brilliance, however, cannot be scheduled "
"i think it would be perfectly suitable that if a ghost would ever haunt my house, it would have to be <propfirst> mays  if anybody ever started to clean anything, he'd start screaming oxiclean!  smile "
"oh, hotdamn  <propfemale> was right when she said take it off   wink "
"haha, i love a good southern accent   wink "
"c'mon now, mr 2010  does summer really have to end?  smile "
i think i have dyslexia  i just read someone's status and thought they said they chopped their balls off   -_-
moms are a hassle  period 
"who's ready for school?! oh hell yeah, i am!  laugh     aha, not "
"my little sister just asked if she was prettier in pants or a dress  oh my, what a cutie   smile "
i demand to be snuggled with  now   smile 
the only addiction i see here is comfort  and that in itself is the worst addiction known to man 
that's so nagger of you   laugh 
"poor team rocket, they're so under appreciated  pikachu steals all the attention   annoyed \"
at the emergency room with my brother&co  he is such a freakin' wuss  even if he does have a great gash in his head  god  > >
a lesbian stripper  i know what i want to be when i grow up 
does anyone else find it ironic that they played aladdin on tv on 9 11?  laugh 
"i'm curious, mr facebook  what the hell were some of these parents smoking when they gave their kids their middle names? 0 o"
drugs are for thugs   smile 
i was on the way back home and the car in front of me had the license plate '<propfemale> <propfemale>'  and they were black  i think i just died 
"if you're an ugly slut, leave your shirt on and wear panties with a cut out hole  girl, nobody wants to see that shit!"
people should laugh more often  it's attractive   smile 
"move bitch, get out the way  get out the way, bitch, get out the way! if only they would play this in the hallways at school   annoyed \"
"honestly, if i had dd boobs and a bumpit, snookie and i would be best friends   smile "
"sometimes when i feel like making fun of my stepdad, i talk in chinese with my mom "
"if <propfemale> fox had a british accent, there would be no hope for girls anymore  :ö"
"when i was a baby, i had to have looked like a miniature buddha  bald, fat, and shirtless   smile "
"aww   why, wassup?  smile "
"baracka flocka flame  head of the mufuckin' state, niggaaa   smile "
why are chick peas called chick peas? because they're not dude peas! ahahahhaha   laugh 
"boys are only good for three things: moving furniture, killing bugs, and sex "
s w a g = somethingweasiansgot   wink 
"guhh, you were a lot cuter when your mouth was shut   annoyed \"
my grandpa is the cutest old man ever  caught him practicing the macarena   smile 
"screw an hourglass shape, i'm the most voluptuous rectangle there is "
"it's a little early, but i hope <propfirst>'s day this year comes out with four armed snuggies   laugh "
"i'm an oriental flavored bite-sized milky way but baby, i'm delicious   wink "
i wonder how the kids feel when <propfirst> mcdonald goes out for a smoke break 
"wow, you're so dirty, i had to pull up a porn site real fast when my mom walked by so she wouldn't be suspicious!  smile "
"augh yeeaaahhhh, no school tomorrow, bitches!  love "
nutella: the best orgasm you will ever get 
i have 8 boxes of hot pockets in my freezer  uh hells yeah 
i just wanna marry a hippy  do they believe in marriage? i'll have cute little asian hippy babies with little mini baby beards  we can have family outings to lucky house barefoot   laugh 
"i see you, you little ant thing  don't think you have me fooled by your clever little six-leggedness and hiding behind everything!"
"sometimes when i feel down, i facecreep myself to remember how awesome i am  is that normal?  annoyed \"
fedora hats are for tools  don't be a tool 
"you know, god made light switches for ugly people "
"holy hell, forgot about my own birthday until i logged onto facebook  thanks for the birthday wishes, you bitches smile "
now shake yo moneymaker like sumbody bout to pay ya  love 
"everyone hates the work but loves the money  yeahhh, we're pretty much all hookers "
good ass weekend  smile 
"fuck, i hate catching a cold in non-winter seasons "
"i must say, i have a guilty habit of challenging people to play ninja, losing way too fast, and then having a rematch to lose again  nonstop ninja is just in my genes   smile "
"and then she pulled out my mushroom tip, and when she pulled it out, it went dripdripdrip     i didn't know she had that gi-joe kungfu grip   smile "
that awkward moment when your friend gets yelled at by their parents in the same room and you're busy pretending to text and find imaginery dirt under your fingernails   
