3e29a743ca517d274bcac149fa47478f
my lip hurts  sad 
i'm tired my back hurts and i'm ready for bed unsure about things and thinking i need a little me time  annoyed \
everyones wanting to kick you well ur down and shake ur hand when ur up don't worried y'all will be kissen my feet real soon
what the fuck is everyone up to tonight
sometimes i just hurt     
lalalalalalalalalalalalala  laugh 
brake my heart bitch ill brake your face try me!
ganna have fun tonight  laugh  hope so
sometimes i get sad  sad 
not a fun night  sad 
y is it i'm there for anyone that needs me but when i'm hurting no oned there for me
well my night just got better there is nothing like going homevand having oreos and milk with ur man : d
rip grandpa <propfirst> i love you and miss you : (
we got a huka  smile 
not ganna be able to sleep so hit me up on my celly if u want to  playful  5413314666
i think i'm going to do some laundry and then take a shower and yeah idk can't really sleep  sad  dang  playful  hummm     
shut up turtle!!!
"i want to be courted, wined and dinned  flowers and sweet talked i'm a catch and its timefor me to start acting like it  playful "
cheater cheater you had <propfemale> and couldn't keep her you fucked up though you were now who's the one who looks like the fool  bitch! (by boog)
dreaming once again      hope it never gos away 
dear heart please stop making thing confusing for me love <propfemale>
i'm craving something sweet  sad  nothing in the house though
my heart still brakes for the baby that could have been i would be about 7 months prego right now  mothers day shouldn't be this hard for me  sad  why am i still strugling with the miscarage?
poem: fallen
fuck people if you can't say it to my face then get the fuck bent bitch!
i'm so hungry  sad 
finaly out of the hospital
<propmale> smoked a cig to fast and got a head high  playful 
"iv been up since, well yesterday   "
"if you can't handel it with the big dogs then get under the portch with the pups, cus hunny this is life welcome to it! everone gos through it and it only gets harder!"
so frustrated!!!!!! hughhhhhhh
i wish i was the tin man so i wouldn't have a heart to brake  sad 
im ganna start college soon  wink 
so everyone is trying to tell me what to do andd who to be with do none of you understand i'm going to do what's right on my part not what everyone else wants
so im left at home alone with out a working phone i cant text and cant call
slightly pissed!!! no actually im really pissed!
1120 and hes still not home
hella bored  sad 
what is going on tonight?
going fishing  smile 
just got up! what's there to do today  playful 
slightly drunk  playful 
sometime things happen and there uncontrolable well its time for me to take back control of my life 
<propmale> is sick    wish i could help i just dont know what to do  sad 
you know what fuck everyone
go off to ur stupid boot camp and forget all about me! god i hate men! wishing my life was diffrent and i want in so much pain 
fuck you fuck you fuck you <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do my tears mean nothing?
yawn  just got up and i'm bored
all today has been is just a let down : ( could everyone just do me a favor and not contact me for a few days and if you do try i wont reply  if you need to talk to me just message me on here thanks 
