f4a752fe7ac24a3cf4971239fc4525a3
i'm one of those people that would go out of my way to step on the leaves 
new discovery: mr  pickles sandwiches are the best 
had a great time at the ball park  now im off to bed 
i'm just ready for this rainy cloud over me to go away   
oh brother another monday coming up   
homecoming is going to be legit! can't wait for tomorrow  smile 
good night and can't wait for a great week!
got to be a cowgirl today and tomorrow it's to for my nerdy side to come out  smile 
just woke up from a nap  now time to get ready for the game  smile 
giants won and <propfemale> is a happy camper  smile 
"alright i just did something pretty effin amazing    \i made the greatest quesadilla in the world "
"okay i'm out of here and by the way <propmale> is biggest hater and i make way better quesadillas than you do!\miskell out!"
hopefully we kick some escalon ass tonight and i finally get to do the deed again this weekend after three months!
fuck niners!
today was a good day  now lets go for a good week 
who ever watched or plan on watching paranormal activity 1 and or 2 then they seriously have problems and seriously need an intervention 
today i was able to pay it forward by giving a hug to someone in need    what should i do next??
damn since when did it take four pitchers to get three outs?
i'm going trick or treating with the bestie! i can't wait  laugh 
okay i went on myspace for the first time in a billion years and it so fucking lame now   
"last time i checked thanksgiving was about family and being thanks for what we have  not arguing about a damn dog or not being happy for the simple things in life    \\so happy fucking thanksgiving   "
"rules for the night   \0  do as i say not as i do \1  no drinking\2  no smoking\3  no dancing with boys\4  be home early    so you only have an hour and forty minutes to be there   "
chillin listening to sublime  smile 
pizza plus last night was pretty legit  laugh  we could hella do that again 
"after three days of baking and threats, the cookies are finally done!"
christmas    not so <propfemale>  goodnight facebook 
super siked for tonight!!  smile 
i'm just tired of wasting my time on bullshit that won't be solved or changed   
ja'nee is freaking excited right now  i just got a b on my geometry test  laugh 
"we had a bittersweet victory   \won the game but lost a team mate  sad \love you bri    since pre-k babe  smile "
green bay!!
alright the packers won    great now when is glee coming on?!?!
i'm kinda excited for the grammy performances    except <propfirst> beiber's lol
i think i said too much   
i feel molested by a certain someone who keeps on poking me  
"i got a new phone and without any numbers   \text me so i can get it back "
nay nay go away that's what all my haters say  laugh 
it's almost sad how the all-star half time show shits on the superbowl half time   c
you are gonna catch a cold with all the ice in your soul 
wow it's pretty stupid how every disney character tries to sing 
lady gaga's new music video is legit! at first it was like what the hell is this buh then it got better so everyone watch it!
excited for the game tomorrow but still a little nervous 
got just dance 2 i'm super excited to go home and play!  smile  oh yeah and we did good at the tournament go warriors!
playing just dance 2 and it's uber legitter than i thought it would be   smile 
today was a good day  got to have bonding time with my sister and the lakers kicked some spur ass  time do get ready the busy week ahead 
"the classic mcdonalds trip: hitting on random guys, winning rap battles and throwing french fries  you know the ushge "
packed and moved all in the last 24 hours  now trying to accept the place for what it is 
sponge <propmale> broke up with my auntie  laugh 
life's a bitch    i'd die for her
just started getting the feeling back in my hand  had a great victory in the rain  smile 
painting my sister's key  smile 
there's nothing cheesy and a kid being a kid 
had a much needed heart to heart with my <propfirst> last night  i'm sooo freaking glad i still have her  love you grandma  love  
with my little sise smile  oh how i love her   love 
had a great time in hilmar  smile  i love my little sise so much!  love 
<propfemale> and the frog  love 
lakers  love 
wow so the amcs aren't even in nashville  they are in effin las vegas 
