d9763304768fdb452aecdcaf29836e4f
"it actually snowed here yesterday  it's not even october 15h yet and it snowed  this is illinois  there are no mountains, and it's not montana    what the??"
<propmale> is humid  quite a change from the snow back home over the weekend 
"i think i want to quit my job as an engineer and become a home construction contractor    then i can blow off my job, not show up to work, and ignore those pesky, annoying homeowners who actually think i'm going to finish the last 15% of the job     what a life! by the way    don't hire my contractor    "
is very content this christmas
"first, <propfemale> loses my bag, then they tell me its in wilmington (i was never in wilmington), then they say it will be delivered by noon today    i flew friday    now they say they are still trying to find it    uhhh     come on!!!  i mean    there was a picasso in there!!  you saw it, right?"
i want a smaller government that will not charge me any taxes but give me everything i want every time i want it exactly when i want it  i am the american people  it's all about me    and whatever people on tv tell me 
the world needs more flying motorcycles with mini-missiles    http annoyed  dailypop files wordpress com 2009 08 megaforce jpg
i'm tired of this outage already    the core's reloaded    who needs a startup plan?? let's kick the tires and light the fires!!
"and with the flip of a switch and the mashing of a few buttons, 120 tons of steel start to spin, forced from its slumber by the reactor transforming a million pounds of water per hour at 920 pounds of steam pressure    signaling the beginning of the end of the refueling outage  yay "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head,    but we can raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
"is wondering why does congress cares about facebook when we have a trillion dollar deficit, a 13 trillion dollar debt, troops getting shot at, and an american workforce collecting unemployment instead of producing goods? huh?"
marketing tang in <propfemale>     the jokes just write themselves sometimes    http annoyed  www msnbc msn com id 36852847 ns business-businessweekcom 
thinks the last thing he needs is a left handed monkey wrench
has never met anybody from wyoming  i don't think it exists 
finally bought a wireless connection for his xbox360    now i can waste time playing galaga together with friends i have never met in ecuador    
"i just read that people with gout should avoid drinking beer     suddenly, my toe feels much better   "
feels sorry for all the children of divorce that get caught in the middle of stupid arguments between their parents    and the parents who have to deal with ex-spouses who don't know how to behave like adults 
"is pondering the immortal words of socrates who said     \i drank what?\"""""
"may be going to hell in a bucket, baby    but at least i'm enjoying the ride!!"
where would this country be without this great land of ours? - <propfirst> <propfemale>
is selling this space for money to buy a sandwich
"when we (<propfemale>) get mad, we blow stuff up  when we celebrate, we blow stuff up  this isn't acceptable in an 10 year old, why should it be as a nation? i think we need a collective \time out \"""""
"is tnt  i'm dyn\o\""mite"""
heard that everybody is kung fu fighting    but just wants us all to get along
is not the droid you are looking for 
will return after these messages 
"thinks he may have mad cow disease     \moo dammit!\"""""
wonders how he got here 
woke up this morning and the sky was yellow  i wonder if i could have seen the sun if it would have been blue? damn  now i'm going to spend the day sunshine daydreamin'   
refuses to get jiggy with it 
"is sitting in the detroit airport at 9am on a sunday  apparently, michigan will not serve beer on sunday's until noon  this sucks beavis"
philadelphia    they're not really big cubs fans here
closing down from meetings in philly    time to hit the train for vacation with the family in dc    yeehaw   
visited the natural history museum at the smithsonian today    all those 65 million year old fossils god planted there to distract us from the truth of creation seem like such a waste   
vacation's over    back at work    *sigh*
unit is back online and i'm no longer on call    i am serisouly looking forward to beer smile 0
"so    with the roller coaster ride that has been my work-life over the past week, i now have no plans for the big one year anniversary this weekend  i humbly open the floor for suggestions    "
reservation at the chicago hyatt? check  tickets for <propfirst> <propmale> the musical? check  first anniversary with my friggin awesome wife saved? check
has left the building     or has the building left him??
sometimes i think i'm a cadillac    when i'm really just a t-model ford   
how to solve the unemployment problem: lower the social security age to encourage enable people to actually retire and open up their jobs    genius    i know 
it is amazing how nothing can bring back the emotion of september 11th like trying to e playful lain it to a child   
"found a fun new website today \nerd approved\""  it's almost as cool as \""think geek\"" but it does have some different stuff    i need the black hole coffee table    or the \""trek\"" fish to put on my truck   """
go bears!!!! and since i'm also a washington fan    i have to love that <propfirst> is at an 0-2 start    
"finally      dish has upgraded to have locals in hd in the quad cities    just had the actual dish dish changed out and re-aimed and i'll be able to see <propfemale>, nature, and nfl in 1080p     woo-freaking-hoo"
thought things were getting better  boy was i wrong     *sigh*
go bears!!! the only undefeated team in the nfc    
"we have to ask ourselves, what direction do we want this country to go? do we invest in our people, in our middle class , our infrastructure, our education system, and clean energy—or are we just going to keep on doing the same things that got us into this mess in the first place?"
sitting @ pints in iowa city waiting for yonder mountain string band to start    nice friday
is going to help setup for a halloween party    and then decide what to do tonight    cards? beer? bbq? music? give me a shout if you're up for something    
ok    i give up    i don't care where you like it    but the fact that everybody's sharing this info means there's either a virus or some m knight shaymalan movie is coming to life   
bears and redskins both are $1 in their divisions     lovin' it    
"best quote of the day      \i didn't come here to pinch off a loaf of sunshine \"""""
"<propmale> is literally bouncing off the walls    and i feel like crap    can i just stick him on the treadmill and say \go?\"""""
"ok   beat rainbow 6:vegas and force unleashed this weekend    time to get another cheap, old game for daddy to play when <propmale> isn't around     bioshock, fallout 3, or fable 2?"
cowboys are beating the giants    strange    even stranger    the transformer at the new stadium is smoking and the whole stadium is in blackout    lol
arlo guthrie will be in the <propfemale>'s parade this year    i wonder what he'll sing?
"don't forget    on thanksgiving, forget <propfirst> sandler    listen to the original thanksgiving anthem     <propfemale>'s restaurant    and then good luck lookin for a place to put the garbage    "
hmmm     to all those that say the bears aren't for real     31-26    bears beat eagles     respect it
"is helping <propmale> with homework this morning    i never knew the story of uncle fox, aunt fox, and uncle tiger  i like this book    it's called tricksters    to those in the know, there is a story about a squirrel     hmmmm   "
go bears  <propfirst> <propfemale> would have had the record long ago if teams would kick to him   
in the credits for 'a christmas story' they list flash <propmale> and <propfemale> the merciless     where in the hell are flash and <propfemale> in this movie???
may goal for today: growler of rogue dead guy ale    yum
"if you people down south are going to get all excited about snow, you should prepare atl to handle it better    costing me 7 hours today to reroute through detroit"
is tired of people pissing on me and trying to call it rain   
is ready
"just found out that the pos contractor who built our addition and wouldn't return calls because of his \brain tumor\"" has skipped the country to honduras   """
migraine gone    ow    wow    glad that's over    but i still feel bruised somewhere mentally   
time for something new   
"ok    it'll be a few months before i'm qualified in my new job, so i can slough off!! where should i go on vacation?? (cast your votes now)"
"ok    i have replaced my phone, but don't recognize <propfirst>    send me a message with your contact info so i know who you is   "
"sending off my complaint to <propfemale> madigan    illinois attorney general    if you've been screwed by directv, make sure you do the same!!\www directv com ag"
"* snowfall totals are e playful ected to range from 8 to 12 inches from\tuesday afternoon through wednesday  locally heavier\amounts   as high as 12 to 15 inches will be possible southeast\of a line from keosauqua iowa through monmouth and princeton\illinois "
"keller <propmale> at park west, chicago    next weekend    life is good"
a winter storm system will develop tuesday and move northeast into the ohio river valley  this will spread snow   heavy at times  heavy snow accumulations are possible  the greatest snow amounts appear most likely along and southeast of a line from fairfield iowa through the quad cities   to <propmale> illinois   where widespread amounts from 12 to 18 inches are possible with locally higher amounts
"to plow, or not to plow    that is the question    whether tis better to remove the first layer such that come morning the driveway is less deep, or take heed in the warm house and wait until the storm is passed to begin"
i wonder if there's anybody at work aside from the shift?
keller <propmale> starts in five minutes     currently watching all the freekers by the speakers getting anxious
"decided not to take a cruise    cancun here we come!!! (mas cerveza, por favor)"
