62e256828a5a42cc8f14cbc8db33e04f
happy new year
soooo sleepy   
happy 233rd birthday <propfemale> 
dizzy     troubled 
"has a new cell number, tell me if you want it "
is very tired 
i'm so tired and i still have a paper to write  i just want to go to sleep  t__t
how about an e-hug?  laugh 
never forget   
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz    
is facebook acting funny for anyone else?
"hmm    i think its time for other tirp, but to where?  zion, the village of fire, or somewhere else?"
i'm getting sick and i have a test tomorrow  sad 
i feel sick 
i quit 
this cold just won't go away 
"someone is being a copy-\cat\"" with their profile picture """
the first pc component arrived yesterday  it was the video card  just 4 more days till i  have all the components and can start building my new computer   joyful 
"took me two hours to build that computer, but it still needs an os "
this computer i built is running great   laugh 
anyone here speak simlish? lol
its cold here 
just three more days 
well classes are over  now i just have to make it through the hard part 
so sleepy
now that everything is done  it's time to go and have some fun 
<propfemale> chrristmas
zip-a-dee-doo-dah zip-a-day
and so it begins 
the start of a new day-and perhaps a new adventure 
comments?
"it's three after seven, so why is still dark outside? >("
i love thursdays   smile 
is it friday yet?
it's going to be a long day 
"my high, low program doesn't work  lol"
"i am the <propmale> of random, and that make random my <propmale>dom   laugh "
beef > pork
m&m > skittles
where does all the time go?
next class i earn my tae kwon do uniform and white belt  ( joyful )
"i would add something, but i just don't feel like it "
"i got my tae kwon do uniform and white belt today, and i feel great!"
"today i told myself that i would go to the gym and get workout for a few hours, but four hours later i was still playing facebook apps  (-_-)"
happy saint <propfirst>'s day everyone!
fear leads to anger  anger leads to hate  hate leads to suffering - yoda
our government is about to run up its credit card <propmale>  lolz > >
"the republic has failed us this day    no, the rules of the republic were just ignore  that is what happened today "
"is our government a democracy like  says it is, or a republic like the founders said it is? right now i am not so sure we are either "
pepsi-cola or coca-cola?
one more week till belt testing starts  i'll have my yellow when the tests are done   smile 
ok  i'm giving up soda for the next six months 
why? because i can 
"is it just me, or has facebook been really glitchy over the last few days?"
i didn't know ocarinas were a real interment  lol
"it's a monday, but not just any monday  it's my day!  smile "
i just signed up for the utah summer games 
three days till the utah summer games  am i ready? ask me again in 4 days 
just one more day 
tae kwon do part of the utah summer games is over  believe it or not i came home today with metals! yes! i did metal in both forms(silver) and sparring(gold)  i'll post some pictures later  right now i need to put some ice on my feet 
i was in todays news paper  lol 
have a great independence day everyone!
i just got most of my books for this fall and loving this new <propfemale> laptop   laugh 
"it's starting to look like the problem with my computer is the motherboard  it could still be the power-supply, but seeing as i replaced it and the computer wouldn't read the hard-drive    oh well, that's just my luck  (- -)"
"o k, so i repaced the motherboard with a new one  only to find out that the last power failure has seemed to have damaged the videocard  well isn't that just great? is it just me or, has my luck been going down hill a lot lately?"
"<propmale> mt  open, should i go and compete?"
o k  i just got back from going to see the shouting stars  i have never seen a sky so clear  just five <propmale> outside of town you can even see the milkyway  i'll have to go out there again 
"o k  there is another tkd competition coming up in october  i'm thinking i'm going to go  it's not on a school day and i missed the <propmale> mt  open, so i really want to do this nexted one  that is    if i can get the money to enter   ( annoyed )"
"wow, i should really check my requests more often   ( annoyed )"
"internet e playful orer is a sad joke  almost ever time they make a new one it has problems, and the up-date that they say will fix the problems only make more propblems "
what is your soul color? -- my result: your soul color is blue  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 685461 referrals status?aid=709907123
belt test today! lets see if i can get my blue belt  wish me luck   smile 
happy fable 3 day! =p
happy holloween!
 smile 
time to hit the books!
tea kwon do was brutal today  i'm so tired  (-_-) zzzzzzzzzzzzz   
its has been raining off and on for the last seven day 
"know this all who come here and wonder why  i am a collector    of sights, of sounds, of thoughts, moments, and dreams  i gurad them jealously as i take them from you    never will you have them again  know me    for i am time "
