d7668c378e115abeed62f3dadf905592
? •*¨*•?? happy??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? new year ??*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??2010 ? ? ?happy ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??new year ??•*¨*• ¸¸?2010 ¸¸ •*¨*•??
"is crazy about god and knows he's crazy about me, too "
thinks if i were you i would do whatever it took to get to jubilee tonight at 6 smile 0pm   your world will never be the same   5910 n w street at the corner of airport and w  850-474-9484
"is so ready for florida, but so not ready to pack "
doesn't have enough hours in the day to read as many books as she would like 
is packed and ready to hit the road   just have to get through this workday first 
"   plans for the move are almost complete   only four things left to do on the \to do\"" list   unfortunately one of them is to pack the whole house   sad """
is going to need mucho help loading the trailer next tuesday night   july 28th   come one come all    smile   and then come down to florida to help me unload   smile 
had an awesome night in great company 
is happily disappointed   smile 
may be running late now but at least i got all of my orders placed    smile 
   1 year ago today      surprise  
is paying tribute to all of her nashville homies via profile pics for her last week here 
is starting to get sad    kiss (
can't believe that tomorrow will be her last shift at work    surprise  
   something is missing   i think it's you 
   umm i think i'll just rebuild my brick wall if that's alright with you?
loves her sister more every time she opens the refridgerator 
is still up putting stuff away 
just woke up to <propfemale> saying she needed to go potty in her mouth   for those that don't speak two year old this means throw up   looks like we will miss our first sunday at jubilee   kiss (
is ready for the beach tomorrow!!!
"was glad to hear your voice today, even if it was by accident "
has a couple of amazing children 
is headed to the beach!  hi haters!
thinks a thunderstorm is brewing   first we played at the beach and soon we will get to play in the rain!!!  good times    surprise )
"   keep your ears open for \the ghetto blasters\"" album dropping soon """
really has to get her days nights back on schedule night owl that i am 
has been officially declared gay 
needs one more person to become a fan of mellow mushroom pensacola's <propfemale> so i can win the contest   surprise )
"the meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed  <propfirst> <propfemale> (1875 - 1961)"
   god must become an activity in our consciousness 
really wants to cook but isn't the least bit hungry 
's family is complete again 
needs encouragement   and a job 
feels silly for behaving like god is incapable 
"is ready for her niece to get here!  i love you, charli <propfemale>!"
is telling her storm how big her god is!
"guard your heart above all else,       for it determines the course of your life "
"is wondering   do you serve in your church?  or are you sitting in the \i\"" chair?"""
is excited about tomorrow!
has amazing people in her life   very humbling 
is rooting for the tigers from 443 <propmale> away!  go tigers go!!!
"\a woman's heart should be so lost in god that a man needs to seek him in order to find her \"""""
is go titans!
*that* was *not* a *kick*!!!
yes!!!!!  yes!!!!! yes!!!!
c'mon titans!!!
sudden death sucks!
"remembering today   \let's roll\"""""
really wants to get through this book so i can start another one   i have been wanting to read the time traveler's wife for forever now 
is praying for healing   <propfemale> is sooo sick   say a prayer for her please   believing for a praise report in the a m 
is putting philippians 4:6 into practice this week 
   listen up devil   get your checkbook out cuz you're about to payback everything you've stolen from me   punk!
is excited to see the vols get obliterated in the swamp   go gators!!!
is really looking forward to the jubilee women's encounter 
loves you!
"is excited about subbing tomorrow   i will have 6th, 7th, and 8th grade for math and english "
"   here i am to worship, here i am to bow down, here i am to say that you're my god "
is fearfully and wonderfully made 
is ready for opening day of the jubilee media center   bring your money and come see me!
"needs a good name for the church media center   well sell books, tshirts, and sermon series   any suggestions?"
   the results of the florida v  arkansas game today is proof that prayer works!!!
thinks my sister is going to have a baby today or tomorrow 
is just waiting for the call that her niece is on the way 
"   you've stolen my heart, yes you have "
"\love has nothing to do with what you are e playful ecting to get - only with what you are e playful ecting to give - which is everything \"" <propfemale> hepburn"""
's heart is hurting right now   need the holy spirit to tell me what's up  
is learning a lesson in <propfemale> 
is sitting at home thinking about how much she loves her sister 
   today is my fake birthday!
is not a very cool person! like not funny at all!!
oops  typo   meant to say lupus is not a very cool person!  like not funny at all!!!
has a new baby niece   charli <propfemale> mcclendon was born today at 6:11pm weighing in at 9lbs 15oz 
"wants to formally invite you to come with me to church tomorrow   let me know if you need a ride and i'll come get you   i'll be at jubilee in pensacola at the corner of airport and w  9am, 11am, and 6pm "
is excited that charli is going home today   now we can get our quality time that i have been craving 
   ask god to break your heart again 
"is walking away from this weekend with a new love, exhaustion from working too hard, bruises from playing too hard, and a newly broken heart   one of the best weekends ever "
hates <propmale>!
loves   
has had the best pre birthday day ever!!!  i have the most amazing family 
had an awesome birthday   i have the most amazing family and friends on the planet!
has her head in the clouds   haven't felt this good since i was 29! ???
   let me know if i can have the pleasure of taking you to church with me tomorrow 
can do all things through christ who gives her strength 
has a 5 day weekend due to hurricane <propfemale>   happy birthday to me!
>>>hey everyone   look at <propmale> <propfirst>'s profile pic   he's got doo doo on his face 
is thankful for her sense of humor   laughter is sooooo good for the soul 
is about to get undignified  2 <propfirst> 6:22
is disappointed in the tiger athletic department for the first time in my life for firing <propfirst> west today  truly disappointed 
says it feels like christmas waking up at hunny's house with most of the family here and the christmas tree lit up   getting ready for a big breakfast   i love my family 
's love language is quality time   i have been really loved this week  ?
fought the bedtime battle tonight   and i won!!!
is spending all her time in the kitchen tonight   ???
"   \obedience pays off \"" -me"""
is looking forward to tomorrows celebration!!! coby's 10th birthday party is tomorrow   i can't believe i have a 10 year old!!!
has the whole week off   i so love this teacher schedule  two more weeks off for christmas and then two months off in the summer  ???
is just plain thankful 
is wishing a happy birthday to my coby   he is 10 years old today!!!
is coming to the sunday night service at jubilee tonight   c'mon everybody   starts at 6 smile 0!
"will be heading to nairobi, <propfemale> for a missions trip on april 22-may 3   i have $3350 left to raise   if you would like to make a tax deductible donation on my behalf please let me know or you can call jco at 850-474-9484 "
"hopes to see some of you friends at the jubilee christmas banquet tonight at 6 smile 0!  come surprise me and oh yeah, there's free food!!!  5910 n w street, pensacola, fl  32505  850-474-9484"
needs someone to call my phone so i can find it 
is headed to nashville tomorrow for christmas!!!
is a pjc student!  thanks <propfirst> wagner!
"   the hardest lesson i ever had to learn was that my independence, which is what i considered to be my best quality, had to be laid on the altar and i had to embrace my dependence "
hot pink
is about to roast hot dogs in the fire for her last meal!  forty days of fasting and prayer starts at 9pm   there is still time to join in!
is praying for the navy base and its military personnel!   day 6!
is praying for the pastors of this city!   day 7!
is praying for <propfemale> benson pratt councilwoman at large and <propfirst> m  valentino county commissioner   day 8!!!
is praying for the businesses of this city   day 9!
is praying to end child illiteracy in escambia county  day 10!
is praying for the children of escambia county   especially <propmale> children   i pray that they all find good homes where they can be blessed like my sister   surprise )
"is praying for <propfemale> deweese, councilwoman for district 3 and <propfirst> jerralds,  councilman for district 5   day 12!"
's son just broke her computer screen because he sat on my computer   this day just keeps getting better and better  i think i'm just going to call it a night 
"alright, pricing new computers   hp with killer graphics, huge screen and blu <propfirst> capabilities $699   <propmale> book pro for $1699?  why the $1000 more?  is it really worth that much more?"
   personal day to pray for personal needs   day 13!
"hi everyone! just wanted to let you know that i just made some homemade wild blueberry muffins and some double chocolate muffins, also  they will be available tomorrow at the jubilee store for a donation of $1 or more  eat a muffin, send me to africa  it's a win win "
is praying for the leaders of churches today   day 14!
"is praying for christian media in pensacola   wbhr, wegs, 95 7 fm   day 15!"
"is praying for <propfirst> hall, councilman for district 2 and <propfemale> young, county commissioner   day 16 "
is praying against lawlessness and drugs   day 17!
is praying for the missionaries that have been (*ahem* or will be) sent from the churches in this city  day 18!
shaken together is a proud supporter of priceless twenty10 women's conference!
is praying to end abortion in our county and to see the abortion clinic on village oak drive closed   day 19!
is praying for century  tonight is century's prayer meeting at 6pm   day 20!!! (half-way there)
has homemade blueberry muffins and brownie cookies at the jubilee store for a donation of $1 or more 
has big faith!!!
serves a great big god!!!
"   tonight is the night for the parent's night out   bring the kids, have a night out, and send me to africa!!! 6 smile 0-10 smile 0pm at jubilee   5910 n  w street, pensacola, fl 32505   only $15 for the first child and $10 each additional child   dinner will be provided "
wishes everyone a happy <propfirst>'s day!!!
there is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends  ~john 15:13
"has gulf coast savings books!!!! $1,000 worth of coupons for only $12!  buy one for each car   funds go to support jubilee christian academy (who in turn is supporting my mission trip to africa)!!!!"
is having a rough day   my heart is heavy right now 
loves jubilee church and it's pastors 
"was supposed to have $2,000 in the mission account by today   it's not there but my faith still is   the devil can't trick me into believing that what god said wasn't true or that i didn't hear him correctly   i *know* him!!!"
is so blessed that she was able to be with her precious <propfemale> as she took her last breath 
"   this has been the longest week of my life   and it's not over yet   can't wait to get back to pensacola and live in my life again   but i tell you this   the mantle of ministry that was placed upon my grandparents, i will proudly pick up and continue what they started   world   you ain't seen nothin' yet!"
wishes one of her friends would rent the duplex next to me  3 br  2 ba for $750 a month   off of kingsfield road near palafox   it is a really nice place with new appliances and very clean 
has a duck 
"wants to know what you all think about someone who has a photo album that has almost 200 pics that they took of themselves with their cell phone trying to look sexy   you know, the shots from above, pouty lips, the \i'm not looking at the camera pose\""   any comments?"""
is in love with a guy named <propfemale>!!
has no voice   like none 
loves when he blesses me with something that has been there all along but he waits until i am ready to show me   he knows best and it is a privilege to obey 
has <propmale> on her heart right now 
wants a national day of prayer 
"is deleting a \friend \"" you can not bash my family and my house in your \""about me\"" which by the way is nothing about you and only about putting other people down   goodbye!"""
is super excited about pre-k chapel tomorrow   i missed it so much last week   just wondering how i am going to make it through 2 months of summer without it 
is getting more and more worried that her mom has not answered or called back   just read that at least one person has died right by the intersection by my old apartment in nashville 
   whew   she's okay   at a concert and has to stay in downtown nashville for the night 
2 chronicles 7:14
just picked a huge wegie!!!!! felling much better!!!!  wink 
needs to teach <propmale> <propfirst> how to be really funny 
"just got the sweetest notes from two 2nd graders at my school for teacher appreciation  when a kid says, \thank you for being nice to be  \""   #priceless"""
"just got the sweetest notes from two 2nd graders at my school for teacher appreaciation   when a kid says, \thank you for being nice to me \""   #priceless"""
"seeing the pics of opryland hotel breaks my heart   i had some of my best memories there watching the water dance, looking at the koi fish, and eating at the revolving restaurant "
has one less woman to wish a happy mother's day today   missing my grandmother today 
"wants to remind everyone to pray for our hunny, <propfemale> saale    she meets with the doctors at 3 surprise 0 to hear what her options are   pray for favor, peace, and wisdom for her "
"   alright everyone!  time to press in in your prayers for <propfemale> saale   she is in surgery right now   the doctor said yesterday that he wasn't sure exactly what procedure he could do until he started the surgery   in his words it would be a miracle if she got the exact surgery she was wanting   good thing we serve the only god   you know, the one who still does miracles everyday    surprise )"
   they are closing incision should take 1 hr nurse emphasized all is good 
   she's in recovery! <propmale> is waiting to talk to the surgeon 
wants her mom 
"isn't worrying about anything, but is praying about everything  philippians 4:6"
can't wait 'til saturday!!!
   i am not scared of you   you are the one who is scared of me and i'm calling you on your bluff   you have no idea what you have gotten yourself into!  you musta forgot i'm from memphis 
   though the world sees and soon forgets we will not forget who you are and what you've done for us 
just realized that today would have been my 9 year anniversary  crazy how things change 
desperately needs a trip to nashville so i can pay <propfemale> bradshaw a visit 
"is ecstatic that they are on their way!!!!! oh, happy day!"
needs a <propmale> size bed frame   anybody have one they want to bless me with?  or a table?
"   alright friends   as of friday i will be without income for two and a half months so if you need a babysitter or help around the house, i'm your girl "
loves that my sister sent me on a scavenger hunt for dollar bills inside my car after she used it tonight  she rocks 
just woke up!  coby is still sleeping  we all had a blast at the lock-in 
needs someone to call her phone   until i pick it up  please 
found my phone  thanks!
is ready to grill out   all i am lacking is the grill 
is wishing all of the dads a happy father's day 
   what an awesome night   my jaw dropped at least a dozen times 
has a date wednesday night   not everyday i get to treat my sister to a $70 dinner 
is at the beach 
   glitter   glisten   gloss   floss   
just got date jacked   how does that even happen?  i thought i was in charge here 
is ready for a weekend in nashville with <propfemale> marra burks 
has been friends with <propfemale> marra burks since before cell phones had color screens   #technologytimeline
is ready for today   back to work 
's boyfriend is cooking dinner tonight now that i can finally eat again  yum-o 
's switch got flipped today 
is going to be eating fish for a while  my man caught 40 fish last night  that should cut down on the grocery <propmale> 
is ready for chapel  send in the kids 
sent him out again and this time he came back with over 100 fish   fish tacos anyone?
is beach bound
just got apples and <propfemale> for rosh hashanah  yummy!
is in fund raiser mode again   africa is in my future!
needs 24 people to give $100 to the africa mission trip  you can give via paypal to chase@shakentogether com 
just needs 22 more people to give $100 for the africa mission trip 
$1 wednesday at pretzel maker in cordova mall  tell <propfirst> savage i said hi 
"needs a set of 26\ barstools """
don't forget see you at the pole tomorrow 
is wondering about the latest news on papaw  my heart is telling me it's not good 
please god   just one more christmas 
is cleaning the house   if i don't show up for church tomorrow morning send search and rescue 
wants her papaw to know that she loves him 
   jca teachers love pretzel maker's $1 wednesday   thanks <propfemale> and <propfirst> savage!
   what an ending!
just woke up from my nap feeling a lot better   now i'm ready to actually enjoy the rest of my weekend  see you at momentum jubilee church 
"   don't look me over, i'm waiting for you broken   i want to be used by you!"
   what a day!  i am living in the momentum!
still needs your help!
got my mefloquine prescription   no weapon (namely malaria) formed against me shall prosper 
"is less than a month away from departure   still need your support   some people are called to the mission field, others are called to help send those that are   if you can help please make a donation at www chaseonamission com "
"is leaving for mozambique in three weeks!  i am going to have a yard sale saturday, november 13th  if you have items that you can donate to help out i would greatly appreciate them   this would be a great way to help me for those of you who want to help but don't have the finances to do so   i can come pick up items from you or you can bring them to me   message me if you need to make pick-up drop off arrangements "
just got the yellow fever vaccination  one more thing checked off the list  now to get all of this jewelry ready for fridays fund raiser 
jca teachers and jubilee staff will get a sneak peek at the items available for the shaken together jewelry sale taking place this friday from 2 surprise 0-4 surprise 0pm in the foyer of jubilee international at 5910 n w street 
had a great sneak-peek sale for the teachers at jca today   hope tomorrow's sale goes well also 
   it's my fake birthday today!!!! come do some jewelry shopping this afternoon at jubilee church from 2 surprise 0-4 surprise 0!  i have items priced from $1 to $25   all proceeds are going to the mozambique mission trip 
forgot to mention   i will also have pampered chef catalogs at the jewelry sale this afternoon in case you want to order something for your kitchen   a portion of all pampered chef orders will also go to the mission trip as well 
"has a plane ticket to mozambique   leaving the 15th, coming home on the 29th   smile "
"' flight departs in less than two weeks   can't say thank you enough to all of those who have sowed into this trip  if you haven't yet and you would like to be a part, i can still use your help!  visit me at www chaseonamission com "
   hey friends   don't forget that i am having a yard sale next saturday to raise money for the africa trip  if you have any items you can donate i would greatly appreciate them   and thanks so much to those of you who already have 
"i praise god for my job, the people i work with, a great boss, and knowing that i am in my place "
has a boss who likes to hack her facebook and brag on himself 
had an amazing birthday  thank you for all the birthday wishes  now i just need a tiger victory over the vols to top it off  go tigers go!
"is one week away from take off!  if you can send a last minute donation that would be awesome   $5, $10, $15, whatever  you can click on the donate button at www chaseonamission com "
's boyfriend spoils her   smile 
is getting ready for a yard sale!
"so   i got an email about my ad on <propmale>'s list   i don't have any of these items yet but does anyone have any of these items they want to donate?\\any golf clubs? \ \\anything military related? (gore-tex jackets, \panchos, parkas, flight jacket, flyers jacket, old japanese flags, \knifes, uniforms, medals, pins, military coins, bayonet, old or new helmets, \tactical assault gear tag vest, gen iii uniforms)"
is headed to bed! yard sale early in the morning! you've got to come check it out!
had a successful first day at the yardsale  now come out and see what all i put out for tomorrrow!
"is still having a yard sale   come now and get everything 1 2 price   still have a tv, a big toy box, strollers, a bird cage, plates, a remote controlled baby mobile   fill a grocery bag full of toys for $1 00   fill a bag of clothes for $1 00!"
is leaving for africa tomorrow!
is in africa   just landed in johannesburg   flying to pemba tomorrow   lots of pics to come 
wishes <propfirst> had a facebook so i could tell him how much i miss him 
's mind is blown in africa 
wants to say hello to all of my friends and family back in the states   i miss you all and can't wait to tell you all of the stories about what god is doing in africa 
is going to bed! it's late:58 in africa 
is thankful to be spending thanksgiving in the bush   there is no better way to catch true thankfulness than that 
starts the long journey back home in just a couple of hours 
is home 
wants to thank everyone who made the mozambique mission trip possible   look through the pictures and see your fruit 
is so blessed to have such an amazing boyfriend   he got me the first live christmas tree i've had since i was a little girl 
"is so excited about <propfemale> miller lancaster , <propfemale> lancaster , and <propfemale> lancaster coming to priceless 2011   any of my other girlfriends coming?"
is driving the big girl truck 
is headed to nashville this weekend 
is signing up to be an arbonne consultant 
is in nashville!  hit me up!
   anyone out there use arbonne products?
just got my arbonne shipment!   smile   been a consultant for less than a week and already have an opportunity to attend the conference in las vegas for the cost of air fare only!!!
anyone need any arbonne products?  i am only $187 away from being in qualification to be a district manager by february 1st   i'll even throw in my discount!
"made it to the first step of qualification for district manager with arbonne!  thanks to my friends who helped me to get here!  now i just have to tackle january and i will be a district manager by february 1st!  i'm having my launch party saturday, january 8th so if my friends come and support me, it will be no problem   also, i'm making headway in earning a free trip to the atlantis in the bahamas in august!"
god is good 
is about to place an arbonne order! anyone need to order anything?
"has some awesome giveaways lined up for saturday! someone will win $100 arbonne order for free! one entry just for showing up  get an extra entry if you bring a friend  get another entry if you book a party! plenty of other giveaways, too! rsvp "
is having a drawing saturday for $100 of any arbonne products you want  just show up and get an entry  bring a friend and get another  book a party and earn another entry  pass it along!
is excited about tomorrow   can't wait to <propfemale> out with everyone!
"well, the party was a huge success!  but everyone pray for <propfemale> with me   she has a really high fever    sad "
just closed out my first arbonne party!!! what a huge success!  <propfemale> saale got five of the re9 advanced products for only $65 just for hosting the party   who's next?
hey friends i need your help  i've been given a challenge by one of my arbonne teammates  i need 23 people to call and listen to this pre recorded message about the arbonne business  the number is 712-432-1011 and the access code is 459840694#  the call is about 20 minutes long  let me know when you listen and i will ask 4 simple questions  i will win a $50 gift card if i reach my goal! help me out friends!
"dear africa, \i miss you  \see you soon, \<propmale>"
needs to have two arbonne get togethers this week to make my goal   who needs a girls night?
"hit my first goal on the strong start program   can't wait to get my tote bag   now i'm only $1,671 50 from promoting to district manager!"
will send you a free arbonne aromassentials awaken sea salt scrub (a $28 value) with every order of $150 or more   offer ends january 31st at 10 surprise 0pm  you can shop online at www chase myarbonne com
"is so close to promoting to district manager   help me get there and i've got so free stuff to give you   first of all, i'll give you 20% off everything through tomorrow night   i also have a free awaken sea salt scrub for orders of $100 or more   a also have one re9 advanced set (a $323 value) for the first order of $350 or more "
"alright everyone   last arbonne party of the month starts in 30 minutes   wish me luck   i am $996 50 away from my goal   35% off of all orders sent to me by 11pm cst!  district manager, here i come!"
"came close at promoting to district manager last night but finished just $775 shy of making it   but   this month, it's in the bag!  oh, and am halfway to earning the bahamas trip "
is halfway to earning a free trip to the atlantis resort in the bahamas!  i love being an arbonne consultant   anyone want to earn the trip and come with me?
just finished the flier for the jca middle school fundraiser! help send these kids on their spring break trip to new york and washington d c 
just finished the flier for the jca middle school fundraiser! help send these kids on their spring break trip to new york and washinton d c 
"will be at in his steps christian dance studio and performing arts center from 3 smile 0-7pm working the arbonne table to raise funds for miss <propfemale>'s mission trip to bihar, <propfemale> "
is having a $100 arbonne product drawing for everyone who host a get together in february   let me know if you would like to earn some free arbonne 
\you are more than the choices that you've made,\d7668c378e115abeed62f3dadf905592,made it!  i will definitely promote to district manager with arbonne this month   smile 
p90x?
"attention jca parents!  please make sure to stop in the lobby today at dismissal and check out all of the greatly discounted products available for purchase  we are having a drawing for a giveaway, too! all profits go to the jca middle school trip!"
   what a great sunday!  smile 
made it to district manager! thanks for helping me get there!
"is looking to e playful and the team ever thought about having your own arbonne business, earning an extra income and free trips? next week i will pay for someones arbonne consultant sign up fee you could start your own arbonne business at no cost to you! march is going to be a big month for us  i can get you signed up just in time to earn a free trip to the atlantis resort in august!"
"is ready for the 10th   i have over $6,500 toward my free trip to the atlantis resort in nassau, bahamas   if you join my team this month, you will have just enough time to earn a free trip to atlantis for yourself!"
p90   omg!
only three more days to sign up for free at www bamboopink net chase
is super excited about shaken together  being a vendor at beulahfest this weekend 
is super excited about shaken together  being a vendor at beulahfest this weekend 
is out at <propfemale> fest til 11pm  come see the booth  it's #113
"   ever wanted to try arbonne? did you know that the re9 advanced skin care line was given away to celebs at the <propfirst>'s gifting suite this year? if they get free arbonne i think it's only fair you do, too  if you want to try it message me your address and i will get your goodies in the mail "
is ready for another trip to pemba with <propfemale> <propmale>   let the fundraising begin!  see you in pemba as soon as we can get there brit   smile 
"relax, everything's going to be all right; rest, everything's coming together; open your hearts, love is on the way! (<propfirst> 1:2)"
"dear carnival fascination, i will see you tomorrow   it cant' come soon enough  love, <propmale>"
is ready to see the kids 
   anyone want to win a free ipad2? sign up to be a consultant at www bamboopink net chase and i will send you details on how to enter 
