fb02911d0733d20d0deb3a245eecf37b
is happy in the new year  have a good one!
home is nice once in awhile 
is going back to camp today 
music blasting from the culp: how did they obtain my playlist? lol 
is optimistic about the semester  the first day of classes was spifferrific 
amicus(my new beta fish) didn't die while i was gone  i'm so happy 
can finally relax for the day  today was fun  i accomplished a lot 
finished baking tilapia  yummy 
is sad because her desktop is dead once again    i will have to take it back to me dad and see what's up  otherwise i'm exiled again   
"'s mind has flown off, but will hopefully return "
finally has a computer in her room  fun stuff 
"is extremely happy and relieved, because she was admitted into the edu program today  happy day!"
believes a little bit of mud is a wonderful thing 
loves asheville  it's so artsy and fantabulous!
wishes there was more time in the week to get things done 
"so much to do, and no time to play  i should start working   "
is painting like a mad woman 
is happy it's wednesday 
wants to get as much work done as possible this weekend  productivity is a must  
loves the language options on facebook   
black friday     yay    
is thankful for all the wonderful birthday wishes she is recieving today  thanks!!
is exstatic that half of her critics exams are over  only three more to go 
snow!!!??? and tons of it 
is back from etsu and the snow 
is loving her new laptop  it's nice to have something that works    (knock on wood) 
is glad that the was too mushy for the snow to lay 
wonders why the sky won't stop spitting out fluffy white stuff 
"is enjoying the weekend  oh, beautiful day!"
"believes that playing the part of the cat in the hat is quite satisfying  oh, to be an elementary school celebrity "
is heading home friday night and staying until tuesday  yay! spring break 
is home 
woke up to a cream and tan puff at her feet 
has realized that spring break equals unproductivity  i'm not sure how i feel about that  i hate being idle   
"enjoyed her time home, but is happy to be back at etsu  oh how i love productivity  there's so much to do  yay!"
is super excited about tommorrows trip to richmond!
is ready to out  hopefully the weather will hold up 
does not appreciate day light savings time on a sunday 
enjoys decking out in one of her favorite colors  happy st  <propfemale>'s day!
is excited about today's ar meeting  i get to see everyone!
's throat is swollen blah  time to go back to bed 
is hoping she'll have enough energy for tomorrow's project: lots of sleep and plenty of coffee in the morning 
is going to work of the mural project for the second and hopefully final day  it's turning out well 
is done for the day  what to do now? a nap sounds good 
has red hands  crayola markers are not as washable as they may claim   
has been advised for her last semester of classes(hopefully)  exciting!
is home until sunday noonish 
is back on campus 
"went to the \vagina monologues\"" then <propmale> out at relay for life  tonight was productive  valisa and the other actresses were absolutely amazing!"""
loves 'family' reunions  it's good to have 'family time' agian 
"is congestive and has a cold, but somehow has energy    the power of psuedophendrine  thanks <propfemale> "
is happy she <propfemale> early this morning  what a wonderful thing: an early start 
just registered for three praxis exams and the gre  part of me wants to scream   but all will be well  i'll just have to study    study    study all summer long 
"has been super productive: changed her car's oil(with supervision) yesterday, is almost settled in her summer 'home', and spent lots of time with her grandmother  i love productivity!"
is heading to <propmale> tomarrow after seeing her gram 
"is bored, but will have to make due "
"wants to go on a walk, but the skies have just opened up  maybe it'll subside soon  i need to get out "
finally went on the walk she was craving 
is energetic as ever and ready to get out today 
enjoys early starts 
is ready for classes to start tomarrow   or is she? i guess we'll find out 
is taking the praxis ii plt exam today  time to complete one of the many steps in becoming an educator 
can breath now that she has a month before anymore life deciding exams 
thinks it is a splendid and a half kind of day  best wishes to all on this fine morning 
is excited that today's storm isn't due til after her monday swim 
officially loves swing dancing 
family + food + fireworks = one happy <propfemale>  this year's independence day was a success  i hope everyone had a splendid day as well 
today was good  splendid even  though i miss my sisters   
did rock awesome on her praxis ii plt  scores are in and i passed  now only two more praxis ii tests to go and one gre 
just submitted all of the lovely paperwork associated with graduating and student teaching 
while studying french unconsciously snapped popped her mouth(noise made pressing back of tongue to soft pallet) and instantly thought of her sisters <propfemale> and <propfemale> 
roan mountain here we come 
"never knew how tasty raw asparagus is  yum, yum "
a fini avec classe de francais   anyone taking french 1010 at etsu this fall? i'll sell you my book for cheap 
has officially passed all of her needed praxis exams 
is heading home for the weekend this afternoon 
is heading off to sevierville then back to <propmale> 
is finally caught up with homework and work overall  it's a wonderful feeling 
'bumped' into two wonderful people today  we need to get together and do things    <propfemale>     <propfemale>   
is going to go throw down some <propmale>  fun times 
"'s muscles are screaming and or singing  jogging walking running, crunches, and rock climbing on a sunday afternoon make for a fun workout "
free cake no class!!! mini dome tomorrow 
strongly believes the cake was splendifirous!
<propfemale> <propfemale> bigford happy birthday my dear friend  i'm sure this new year of life will be splendid with a side of spiffy and a tall glass of amazing 
turned on her heat for ten minutes    then had to turn it off  i can't stand how dry the air gets  oh   but it's cold 
"is prepared for a busy day of learning, work, and oh yeah a modern history midterm  as an <propmale> student i sometimes forget that tests exist until days like this "
is done       with her work for the week  what a relief  stress be gone 
thinks that everyone who can should come to the archway at centennial hall between 6 smile 0pm and 7 smile 0pm tonight for a spooky haunted house(hall) 
is taking the gre tomorrow morning  wish me luck 
<propfemale> day happy birthday friend! we shall celebrate when you visit; that way you'll have two birthday weekends 
is enjoying the snow  how pleasant!
and <propfemale> schlitt surpassed their goal to swim one mile before christmas today  wowzers 
has had a fruitful day of banner making with the wonderful members of rha 
is super excited about today's 'visitor' 
had a splendid and a half day with <propfemale> day  i'm looking forward to thanksgiving weekend 
wants to share great news with all  sigma <propfemale> lambda(leadership and comm  service org ) is hosting a bake sale in the 2nd floor of the culp  this org  does a ton of good in the community help make their endeavors fruitful 
is currently doing a <propfemale> victory dance for rha for receiving third place in the homecoming banner competition  kudos to everyone who worked on it to make it amazing!
is excited about saturday and hopes that <propfirst> schmidt and <propfemale> day just as pumped up as she is 
"time to fight against violence on children by simply changing your fb profile picture to a cartoon character(s) from your childhood  invite all your friends to do so too  by dec 6th 2010, fb should be absent of human faces  seems like a simple way to make an impact "
"**important**people\ change your profile pics back to you, because the group that told us \all to change our pics to our fav cartoon characters were a group of \\pedopophites\""  they\""re doing it because kids will accept theirrequests \",fb02911d0733d20d0deb3a245eecf37b,wishes her nose would take a break and stop running  really its gotta be exhausted by now 
is about to begin and a day of printmaking the book searching 
is truly thankful for the humidifier her mother brought her saturday  i can breath it's a wonderful thing 
is thankful for all the wonderful birthday wishes she has received this morning  thank you! you've really made my day! i hope everyone's day is splendid to the infinite power 
is home till the 29th 
back in <propmale> 
is enjoying her first cup of coffee from her new french press  this is yummy stuff and to think how simple it is to use  splendid!
is ready for the snow to take a vacation  it's worked hard enough   
keeps hearing running and heavy footsteps above her     there's only the roof above my room  weird <propfemale> of what?
"wants to thank <propfemale> owens for joining her on their adventure through jonesborough yesterday  what a cute town, so much history "
"wishes her mother, <propfemale> murphy, the happiest of birthdays, and can't wait to see her today!"
believes that orange-cranberry scones + english breakfast tea = amazing!
believes that orange juice is truly sunshine in a glass  mmmmm     tasty 
is excited that <propfemale> woke up 
has to agree with many others  snow   why?!
"is back at her own apartment and misses being catered to, but likes the idea of being able to take care of herself again  bye bye wisdom teeth "
had a blast at silent disco  it was amazing!
suddenly has a sore throat    not good  does anyone know of a good walk-in clinic in <propmale> that's open on saturdays and takes insurance?
