672bc6f9e0b89bb8b9618b990a7a59f6
getting ready to go to my new job in the morning  finally gonna get a paycheck again 
"in your face, facebook!"
rum and rootbeer is surprisingly tasty 
children are a gift to the world  the gift i received from mine was a communicable disease 
excited the bug man is coming tomorrow- i've killed 8 blackwidows on the patio in 5 days  outside is no fun when you feel like you have to watch every step 
i get to go to court in <propmale> in a few weeks to fight for visitation with my kids  yay 
not a bad day    just finished it off with some badass pork for dinner too!
most oft question posed to me over the weekend by friends and co-workers- does your mom hate you?
i may be elgible for legal aid in the state of tx!! i'll find out today if i get a lawyer or if i'm on my own next week 
"the attorneys can't act quickly enough to help me next week, so i'm on my own for now  we'll have to wait and see what happens in court tues  thanks to everyone for the support i've been shown "
"i am having a nice night by the fire with friends  \jeremy likes this\"""""
"these hybrid moments, give me a moment!"
happy with the girl who hangs by the fire with me 
"<propfirst> likes a lot of things, but loves the girl who loves his kids and knows how to enjoy a good fire "
"this morning, my alarm went off and i got out of bed-mlia "
"when my shift was over, i came home- mlia "
home for a boring night   anyone up for boardgames??
seriously freakin tired   
about to cook some chinese food to impress my lady!
"\how's annie?\"" screw you <propmale> """
"<propfirst> and <propfemale> (not <propfemale> la reau) were stumbling through the internet and cam across some music  the following ensued    <propfirst>: hey, what are you listening to? who is that? <propfemale>: ummm    i dunno    some guy    <propfirst> vedder??? <propfirst>: (    wtf!!   )"
"twitter  meh    if you want to know what's up with me, come ask  fire,walk with me "
<propmale> decided we needed a fire to bond around  its man time!
man time is over  it's officially bedtime for jack-jack  i have the fire to myself 
"well the fire has attacked me  it spit an ember on my shoe, burned through the laces, tongue and then got my foot!"
"sleep is not coming on fast enough  kick in please, and sleep the night away"
its easter  the day children celebrate christs resurection by hunting eggs and eating the ears off chocolate bunnies 
i am tired of hearing something banging on the wall  there's nothing outside and no one home but me 
i said do you speaka my language? he just smiled and gave me a vegemite sandwich 
"hurry up, today "
wants to be a time traveler!
"the dryer is silent! a pop tab fell out when i opened the door, and the squealing sounds stopped  its a miracle!"
wishes he could play any instrument truly well 
"ponders, wonders, questions, and wants "
has a renewed appreciation for <propmale> <propfirst> 
is waiting 
doesnt have the energy to work today 
on a day like today i really miss our camera  its a shame some schmuck decided he liked it as much as we did and stole it 
"dont ask me, what you know is true "
"was just attacked by a giant moth,in the face!"
should be asleep 
it's a beautiful day out today!
i think i'm finally done with phone calls today! now i can give jack-jack the attn he's been trying to get while i was talking   
licking envelopes can give ur tongue a paper cut:    
<propmale> is at the grandparents till sun  what to do   
spam  lovely spam! wonderful spam!
huzzah for guitar hero!
"oh darlin,"
it's another beautiful day! wish i could make it to the park 
"when it comes to pooping, if it feels like an emergency, it’s probably an emergency "
c2h5oh
random walk may be the answer 
creep
happiness is a warm gun  i've had this stuck in my head off and on for 2 days now 
"really, really likes donuts!"
"everyone, i was hacked  working on clearing this up "
"there are no bad days, and no good days  every day just \is\"" """
feels like crap 
"my phone's apparently useless, so turning it off "
   hes got the beat 
sonetimes escape is the only way 
"down to 177 lbs  oh, hello abs! nice to see you guys!"
got the front and back mowed in 45 mins  whew!
is not happy his computer wont start      because he dropped it 
moments stolen with you are what i live for 
i am down to 175  cant remember the last time i weighed this little- maybe in high school? cleared my way to the home gym and punching bag in the garage  time for some serious work now!
n
i think i hate this place
the world is a vampire
boognish
her face had more lines than mirror at club 54
knowledge increaseth sorrow 
next up?? the lucky one  dont think too hard on it- ur all wrong 
<propfemale> police are chasing me down 
"first <propfemale> class in well over a year  it was all ground work and chokes  got to roll for a few mins and found out exactly how bad my cardio is, but that my technique isnt as <propmale> as i thought  recieved plenty of <propfemale>t burns and my neck will be a bit tender from falls and chokes  all in all, it was pretty ba "
"trained some more last night  its been a long time  didnt realise i had missed the soreness, scrapes and bruises  im pretty <propmale> so i guess i ll have plenty more to look forward to "
f this s
another life lesson learned the only way any life lesson is learned- the hard way 
like
dayman! ur a master of karate!
"less of this, and more of that, please "
letting everyone know that my phone's in the shop for repairs for about a week  your calls won't get through to me 
suck a fat one spies
"for those of you that don't know, i'm working at dillards now  much better pay than previously! if anyone wants some good deals, we're having a big sale in womens shoes tomorrow     it's an extra 40% off of shoes marked down 70% off the original price  im talking $12-$20 for some nice things     check it out ladies!"
is chaining it up tonight  again 
"just weighed in at 159    still losing fat  need to rebuild those quads, get my cardio back in shape  thinking about an amateur fight- need to train more "
anyone need to get rid of a sprint phone? mine is dead 
"i'll be doing an amateur fight in the near future  the format will prob be pretty standard mma stuff  lots of training to do to get ready  when details are hammered out, i'll say more "
cmt is playing gremlins  something about this just seems inherently wrong to me   
woohoo!
haven't done much grappling in awhile  the staff i'm learning from is awesome and i can tell they're gonna get me rollin smooth real fast  gotta get used to this again though  my neck got cranked hard tonight and will not be feeling good tomorrow 
"skipping practice tomorrow    planning to be there wed  received a kick last wed and my leg is still swollen  i cant kick, and cant roll  standing hurts and any pressure on the leg while rolling would make me tap  i have plenty i can work on from home, but i'll miss the partner work "
"games? check  \otaku? check! \nihongo ga dekimasu <propfemale>? hai!\pretty freaking cool i say!"
kono kanozyo ga tottemo omosiroi da yo 
truth be told   
my neighbors have a small picnic table with orange legs which is currently upside down making the legs look exactly like the `t` the university of tennessee uses  i dont like this table very much 
i have the best reason for being awake still    wink 
i have an awesome idea    its so simple an idiot could have thought of it!
hopes people travelling are having a good weekend 
"<propfirst>, thanks man "
i dont know whats gonna happen today but im gonna make it awesome 
you put your head here    i put my head here 
ah morning    we meet again   
uhaul will rape your wallet and smile while they do it 
4 good mornings in a row  nice 
for everyone else who is not familiar with rainbow curve in bentonville    dont drive it at rush hour 
i need to find out what <propfirst> sheen is doing because right now i am definitely not winning 
