a4bc73945810fc8f0db4f1bb3b54ddab
it's not fun being gutted-lol   gonna be out of commission for  a while   hope everyone is doing great 
i get to go back to work tomorrow!!   dr  said i'm healing fast and i'm getting a little restless being home all the time 
i have the greatest husband and kids in the world!!!!!!
the air conditioning in my truck went out!!!  i hate sleeping in a hot ass truck  now i gotta go to the shop and get it fixed! that'll  take probably 3 days like last time 
i've taken way too many quizzes so now that i'm totally bored and stuck in the chicago area without a reload-i think i'll go in the truck stop for some breakfast   i'm hungry now
"why is it when you go have breakfast they never cook the eggs right? how hard is it to understand \scrambled burnt?\""   sheesh!"""
"on the phone with the husband, chatting on here with my mother and my daughter-what could be better?"
running out of internet time-not paying for another 24 hrs so everyone have a great day and talk to you all later 
"stuck in breezewood, <propfemale> this weekend and am supposed to be home tues-might not happen and if it doesn't i'm gonna kill my dispatcher!!!!!!!!!!"
i'm so bored i'm watching the fox and the hound parts one and two-haha saw <propmale> and company earlier-next come the saw movies-1-5
time to go get some vittles-lol
mom and i are taking quizzes!!  got her hooked on them-lol
going to bed finally-got lots of errands to run tomorrow and get to see 2 of the grandkids for dinner tomorrow night!!  yay
"have you ever been so tired that you couldn't go to sleep?  that's how i am right now   so much going on in my head that i can't be still long enough to fall asleep  if the hubby wasn't sleeping i'd vacuum,mop, and find other projects to do   awww man this sucks-lol"
seems like the older you get the more you need to learn  learned how to use cam and load the pics on here yesterday  all i should have to do is click on a button and look at stuff-lmao   but i did figure it out and then learned how to backup my pics on a memory stick so i don't lose my pics-ever   yay!  i'm gonna keep learning  now if i could just figure out  the dvd player-haha 
ok- this familylink thing is pissing me off!  i corrected the relationships 6 times and they keep going back to what was on there   how do i make it be right!  i put in the correct info then hit save and it goes back wrong after i'm done   aaaaarrrrgggghhhhh!!!!!!
on the road again headed to massachusettes
"snuck online in jax, ms   headed to ohio in the morning for a monday delivery and then don't know where to next and when i'll get online again   happy thanksgiving to everyone "
i'm so bored!!!!!!!!!!
i didn't know so many of totals employees were smart enough to figure out facebook!   just kidding-lmao
gotta get off my rested lazy behind and start driving at 3am  heading to baton rouge for a delivery and then don't know where to next   yipee!  ain't life grand?
"going to take a bath now-just had a steak dinner and 2 glasses of wine for dinner-and its all free-shit i can't believe my luck today-woohoooooo---i feel good, nananananana"
finally got unloaded this afternoon in baton rouge-headed to <propfemale> now
going to bed-don't know when i'll get back on here so everyone have a great week!  <propfemale> here i come!
"i bitch about not getting <propmale>, i finally get some and what happens?  a freaking deer puts me out of commission til i get a new hood put on   crap!  oh well, at least i wasn't hurt"
"la de da da-i'm bored in lexington, nc  truck is in the shop-there's so many problems with it-darnit!!"
"geez-learning these new fangled phones is hard   they don't give you directions for everything a person might wanna do-like permanently unlock the darn thing   my old style flip phone was going out on me so i got a lg xenon today and man, it's gonna take a while to learn this one   such is life   anyways-good night everyone "
"got home at 130am tues!!   a day early   i am so glad to be here but now i have to clean, do laundry, cook-lol1  but that's the stuff i like to do  i'm just so glad to be here after the weekend i h ad on the road in the snowstorm "
waiting for the husband to get off work (at 7 pm) and <propfemale> to show up!!  gonna bake pies today and get all the non refridgerated items i need together on the counter so i don't miss anything tomorrow-still thinking about whether or not to put up a tree today  those who know me well understand why i haven't put one up since '04 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
for some reason whenever i try to get on familylink it says i have hundreds of trojan viruses   does this happen to everyone?  i'm going to delete it from my <propfemale> 
i hope everyone had a nice christmas  heading to sc to see my sons family for a few hours tomorrow morning   have fun everyone 
sitting here waiting to see if i'm going to get a load today or if the company is going to leave me home til after the first   i kinda want both-lol 
stopped to visit my mother and dad for a while  i don't deliver until tomorrow at 2300 so i figured i'd make her cook for me-lol  just kidding but we are having real food tonight  i have 700 <propmale> to go and have plenty of time so i am taking some time for me 
home for a couple of days-get to go to see my doctor again tomorrow-yuck   this is going to be one interesting year to say the least
getting up at 430 am and heading to <propfirst>! see ya on the turnaround!  everyone be safe and keep it inside the white lines 
"ran nights this week-almost out of hours so i get to take it easy this weekend and get a restart in-yipee!  wish i could be home for it though  oh well, i'm going home on feb 3rd   that's a month and a half this time "
indy colts just beat the crap out of the ny jets!!  yay
heading to my delivery in atlanta now  then back to <propfemale> tomorrow night   feb 3 can't come fast enough-i get to go home then  this time i'll have been out for 37 days   whew!  gonna stop staying out so long soon   maybe i'll win the lottery soon-lmao!
don't you just hate it when nothing goes the way it's supposed to?  time to be doing some job hunting-see what's out there 
home and have lots to do before i go back out on monday  gonna see if i can sneak into h&r block and get my taxes done this weekend  probably going to sc the end of the month  maybe on march 5-when i can get hubby to go with me  gonna have to find out if that'll be ok  hope everyone is having a good weekend 
i don't like this new facebook   i like the old one better   hope it changes back 
so i have a question   my daughter is pregnant and i came up with a great name   how many of you think  addison peyton is a great name for a girl?  i love it because it's not too common and strong   be honest 
time to get off my lazy behind and drive to pennsylvania now  got my restart in so i have fresh hours now-yay! still a little mad and have a killer headache though  tylenol isn't working   maybe some hypnotik will work-lmao!!  have a happy valentines everyone 
"finally out of the snow but don't know for how long   got the truck washed at the streakin beacon tonight and when it dried it looked a little better but, man the streaks and missed spots make it look sorry   wish we could use a different wash place "
"yay!!  i'm home a day early   my dispatcher let me come home today and i'm so glad   i've got so many things i need to do this time   my daughter just bought a house so i need to go thru mine and get things together for her to help her out   a new house and a baby and a new car all in one year!  whew!  she's braver than i am   good luck <propfemale> and i'm getting off here now, ok, ok, i'm going   sheesh-lol"
"geez! i do more work at home than i do the entire month i am on the road, lol  i'm gonna be so tired when i go back to work monday "
"i am so worn out!  i haven't stopped doing things since i got home tuesday   cleaning, rearranging, going thru the house and getting things together for <propfemale>, cooking for <propmale>, getting groceries, doing errands,--should i go on?  haha-  i'm just tired and my feet hurt   i need a hot bubble bath   after i do dishes, finish the scrapbooking, rehang pictures, lmao   have a good night everyone "
"hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go   supposed to head out today  man i wish i was <propmale> so i could only work when i wanna, lmao "
no air conditioner again! this sux  it's hot as hell!
"woohoo, yipee!  at the lexington, nc yard waiting to go in the shop and get fixed   these mechanics actually fix trucks, unlike some of the other yards   at least i know when i leave here i'm good for a long time   cabbagepatchin!!!  lmao"
"in a hotel-had a nice bubble bath, have a <propmale> size bed, tv, air conditioning, and a pizza on the way   ahhh, so relaxing "
"truck is fixed, got air conditioning, a few new tires and several other things fixed  just waiting on dispatch to give me a load now  yay!"
"well, i'm in the chicago area and delivering in <propmale>, il tomorrow morning  then, who knows where i go   take me home toto!  hahahaha"
"unloading in <propmale>, il now  don't know where i'm headed next  i do know i won't eat at that restaurant in markham again  it kinda made me sick "
"delivered in chattanoogie and been up 31 hours  i'm so tired i can't sleep  gonna do my emergency thingy and if i tell ya, i gotta kill ya  haha  just kidding  good nite day folks"
"yay! got an ohio load  not an east coast one  woohoo  gonna nap for a few hours  hope everyone has a great day  i am so far, even made my dispatcher crack a smile today! i'm on a roll now folks "
arizona bound! yay
well i delivered in az this morning now i'm reloading for <propfirst> wed am  who wants to bet i won't be home friday? any takers? haha
"in tx now  deliver <propfirst> in the morning then reload there and head for new iberia, la for thurs morning  doesn't look good for friday noon hometime  crap"
got my xy shifter fixed yesterday now having a gasket on the radiator fixed  but the part has to get here first  not gonna make it home tomorrow now!
"well, trk might be ready tonight  still waiting"
"truck out of the shop  pick up load in <propfirst> at 5am  going to the horse track with some mechanics now  hmmm, whats that all about?"
trucking sucks sometimes  wont make it home til late tomorrow  reload hasnt even been started yet dammit! i'm changing my day that i'm coming back on the road  i lost 2 days so i'm taking them back
"heading to perry,ga to deliver  should be home by 6pm"
"i'm home  <propfirst>'s belly is big! yay, i'm home finally "
i can't believe i can't sleep   finally home and wide awake after taking a 5 hour nap  guess i'll sleep when i'm dead   lol
"packed the vehicles, doing the uhaul,when hubby gets home  bedroom furniture is heavy and i need help with it  i don't want <propfirst> doing it, even tho she's mad that i won't let her lift heavy stuff  i'm afraid she's gonna hurt herself or the baby  <propfirst>, this is your cue to step in and tell her i'm right "
yay! we made it to north <propfemale> safely and <propfemale>'s boyfriend helped unload  tomorrow i'm heading back home to do stuff   i'm worn out 
"home and still busy   i am gonna go sit down and watch tv for a while   cook dinner at the same time, laundry too   then tomorrow all i have to do is go to the commissary and visit the cemetery   can't wait til i can retire   lol"
"i can't believe all this rain,i can swim in the yard  the weather channel said something about atlanta having flooding again? i hope everyone is ok "
"i tell you what  it doesn't do any good to do favors for this company! i finished a fedex load going to <propmale> for a driver that \didn't have the hours\"" to do the load and now i have to sit here til thurs for a reload! this is bullshit! gonna be making some phone calls in the morning!"""
heading to massachusetts for monday  didn't hardly do any <propmale> (700) this week  my dispatcher gets off vacation tomorrow so things will  get better  happy mothers day to all the moms out there!
i need to find a different kind of job that pays good  trucking is getting to me  freaking fighting to get <propmale> and covering short crap for people with e logs sux! aaarrrgghhhhh!
going to pickup in northampton and heading for chattanooga for wed  hmmph
"sitting in absecon,nj for a 530am delivery  wonder where i'm going next?"
"sitting in williston,sc for a delivery in the morning  it's thundering and lightening and raining here so no sleep for me tonight "
"well, lets see if i get unloaded today  recv says load isn't due til tomorrow, broker says (after i called today) that appt is today or tomorrow, dispatch has it for today  so lets see if i get unloaded  hhh, trucking!"
"loading in clinton,sc heading for brookhaven,ms "
"i have been sitting in dublin,ga since 2pm waiting to get unloaded  cant sleep cuz u have to move up every time the truck in front of u does  have a load to pick up in the morning and i am not gonna get any sleep  been up since midnite  im tired"
i hate when drivers drop messed up trailers at a shipper and i get stuck having to get them fixed when they are loaded  i have to be in ny mon morning but the trl is in the shop! crap
"unloading in watertown, ny  i know i'm gonna head south after this but where to? hmmm"
"i think that dispatchers need to preplan drivers for monday before they leave work on friday! at least the drivers that always deliver early or on time, and they know who those drivers are  dammit <propmale> akins, bring your butt back to total!"
resting for the day  no hours left to drive so i went and did some shopping  i'm so overtired that i can't sleep
loading in fayetteville and heading to <propfemale>  for fri morning  yipee! (sarcastic)
unloading in mass today  got a short sucky 152 mile load for tues that i'm trying to get out of  the dispatchers need to find something with more <propmale> than that
446 <propmale> for a tues delivery! man that sux  at least i have my <propmale> in for the month already  guess i'm gonna be lazy and relaxing again  gonna wear the tv out this month  haha
looks like i'm keeping this load til wed  dammit! guess i'll drive 100 <propmale> a day  i just work too hard  (sarcasm)
"sitting in richmond,va til i get a load  dropped this one here  more tv time"
got a good load heading to la  doesnt load til 5 pm tho
stopping in sc for the night  good night everyone
"hope i get a load going by the house fri  running out of meds and need more  hhh  do have a reload to dublin, ga that <propmale>  tomorrow but need to get there tomorrow evening  guess i need to let dispatch know  only thing is when you ask to go one way you are sent in the other direction  that's trucking  yipee, gotta love it "
get to go thru <propmale> tonight but if i go home i won't wanna leave so i'm gonna do a drive by and wave at the house  but hubby is meeting me for a few mins at the truck stop to bring me my meds  yay! i get a hug and kiss! that'll keep me going for the next week 
"have you ever loved someone so much that when you see them for a few minutes, and you'll be going home in a week, when you part ways again it brings tears to your eyes? i'm a big sap but it happened when hubby turned to go home and i kept going straight to my delivery  hurry up june 10th!!!! i wanna go home "
picked up my 45000 pond water load and the freakin trl has no brakes  now i'm sitting at the <propfemale> til the part comes in  drivers who drop broken trls should be fined or fired dammit!!! this makes me so mad
"ok, everyone make big wishes that i still make it home thurs  i don't want my son going to korea for a year without being able to see him first  so send out those positive thoughts "
"just dropped my load in kearny, nj  now i'm gonna make me some vittles and hunker down fer the night   hahahaha"
"loading in <propmale> of prussia, <propfemale> heading back to dublin, ga  looks like i might make it home on time after all  let's hope i didn't just jinx it  lol"
i might make it home tonight if these people keep unloading trucks like they are  i'm next in line to get a door so i should be outta here in about 4 hours 
"my son and his family are gonna be here in a few hours!!  i'm so excited! i get to see the grandsons, <propmale> still hasn't seen the youngest yet  i can't stop moving around-i have so much excited energy!  i just wanna scream!"
"wow! <propmale> fixed my bike and then took it for a spin  the boys are getting so big, kaity looks great  <propmale> looks great!  i'm happy  <propfemale> called today and is doing good   life is good!"
good night everyone 
<propmale> and kaity went to the movies and we got to babysit  we watched lion <propmale> 1 1 2 and madagascar2  <propmale> was so good  <propmale> ate good and burped good and both boys were asleep at 2315  it was a good nite with the grandsons  only thing i forgot to do was put pajamas on them but i think they will sleep good anyway  i even got a few pics i will post later  being a grandma is so kool!!!!
gotta get all my stuff done today and get ready to go back on the road tomorrow  i was beginning to like being a couch potato   lol
well my dispatcher quit today so my <propmale> are up in the air now   i have one dispatcher mon-wed and then another one on thurs and fri  i do know that the guy who is my dispatcher on thurs and fri-i'm gonna fight that one  he's a good guy but a sucky dispatcher  either i get a different one or i get transferred or i go to another company  so i'm gonna try to enjoy my last night at home and see ya'll tomorrow 
1500 <propmale> for 2 days! i love my new dispatcher! lets hope he keeps this up  he's a former trucker so that makes a big difference  been wanting on his board since he started with total! yay!
"unloading in bluffton, in today  lumpers charge way too much to unload trucks! wonder what i'm gonna do for the weekend?"
i can't believe how childish some people can be! so wrapped up in thier pitiful sad lives then they alienate thier few friends they have! fucking idiots!
"heading to northampton, <propfemale> for an asap delivery  will get it there tomorrow sometime"
delivered in mass a while ago  don't have a reload so i'm sitting and gonna rewatch grays anatomy for the 6th time 
i could watch greys anatomy all the time! <propfemale> and izzy are the best  gonna finish my restart today then deliver this load wherever they decide it should go 
"just had a blow out! scared the crap out of me! haha, then when i pulled over, two guys in a pickup pulled in front of me and wanted to buy some of my water! i wasn't giving them 7 bottles for free-i have to pay for them too  waiting on the tire fixer dude now "
picking up fedex heading for <propfemale>  load picks up at 4am so i'm going to bed  nite all
i cannot believe my luck! went to get my fedex ld and the road is closed at the turn to thier street due to a downed power line  the storm here was pretty bad 
"delivered <propfemale> load 4 hrs early  have a short reload but it's ok  i'm going to bed, i'm exhausted "
heading to <propfemale>  for a 2am delivery  fun fun
ny <propfemale> inspected me today! no violations  that means i get a bonus! yay
i'm in the middle of nowhere vermont to pick up a hot load that ga has to have mon morning and guess what? this plant shut down the area i need to pick up at for the weekend  the broker thinks he can make them load me  we'll see  i sure don't wanna be stuck here til mon waiting to load 
yay! the broker made it happen  he called the big boss here and they made someone from the west side go to the east side and i'm gonna get loaded! i'm so relieved 
"getting the best club sammich (lol) in the world in frystown, <propfemale> then gonna catch up my paperwork and get in bed  hope i can sleep tonight  have fun ya'll! <propfemale> hah"
i saw the coolest thing today going down i81 in wva yesterday  there was some kind of bird (not a vulture or buzzard) that flew over the interstate carrying a snake! i've only ever seen that on tv  i think it was awesome!
sitting at <propfirst>'s having breakfast and got a reload to freakin miami  ughh
"unloading in miami, don't have reload yet and only have 3 hrs left today  don't think i'm gonna get outta here tonight "
"i'm waiting for these people to kick me off the property  i don't know where any close truck stops are and by now they are full anyway  that's what i get for hoping for a reload today  shoulda known better  that's why i hate coming to fla, it's hard to get out!"
"i think i'm gonna have to start a petition to tricare for my life  meds aren't working anymore so i need the e playful ensive stuff now  don't know why my life has to be like this, makes me wonder what i did to deserve all this crap  oh well, just gotta take what comes my way "
unloading in spartanburg then out of hours so i get to be lazy til tomorrow  yay
"sitting in loudon tonight  gonna take a ky load (state not jelly) tomorrow then come back and grab an indiana load for mon delivery  have a safe 4th everyone, i'm gonna be working "
"sitting in dearborn, mi waiting to unload half the trl then taking the rest back to markham yard  whoever dropped this there added <propmale> to the trip by not delivering it  tranny is messing up in my truck so i need to put the poor thing in the shop, i put 446318 mi on it since i've had it "
putting my truck in the shop  bet i'll be here a few days
back to barfing  need to get back on prednisone to make inflammation go down  this operation didn't keep me well very long  i hate being ill 
don't feel good  gonna lay down
"well, the company put me in a room cuz my truck went to the dealer today  the only good thing about that is i have a tub  but every day i have to pack up, go back to the yard til 5pm then come back to the hotel til my truck is fixed  what is the point of that? oh, well  but i would rather be in my truck  waaaaaaaaaah   lol"
i'm gonna take a bubble bath!  yippee ki yay
all the good hotels are booked up because of freakin nascar crap so i had to go to this nasty hot super 8 motel  it really is gross  i haven't had a cold shower in years but i had to cool off in this room somehow  and my hubby went to my drs office and mad them call in a rx for me so i can get better  i think he loves me 
looks like i'm here for the weekend  volvo said it'll be a few days before my truck is ready  gotta find me a better hotel
"truck needs a new transmission darnit  so i am here for the weekend for sure  bored,broke but gonna be nice and rested when they finally fix my truck "
don't you hate it when you fall asleep early watching tv then wake up at 3am and can't go back to sleep?
it's storming like hell here now  i'm bored  there's only so much tv and so many baths a person can take in a day  lol
just called the shop  my truck might be ready today! keeping my fingers crossed!
trucks ready now i have to find a way to go get it
"delivered my <propfemale> load  waiting for a reload in the morning  gonna eat southern fried chicken here in wilkes barre, <propfemale>! haha, how funny  then i'm going to go to bed and watch tv til i <propfemale>ss out  yay!!!"
going to bed  <propmale> in michigan tomorrow am  goodnight folks
yay! first stop is gonna unload me early cuz they only get 12 boxes  i might make the second stop on time  then head further north to my last stop for tomorrow am  so i get to be lazy tonight 
22 more days til i go home and 24 days til my 3rd grandson is due  life is good!
"at my last stop, traverse city, mi  the drive here was amazing  there's a huge lake i passed by, lots of boats, casino  this is a pretty place  let's hope i get a reload for the weekend "
"it's noon  no reload yet  getting worried now, lol"
"picking up in pigeon, mi heading to nc for mon am  not alot of <propmale> but at least i'm not sitting the entire weekend "
"resting today in mt airy, nc  deliver tomorrow am in morganton, nc  so i am a whole 100 <propmale> from my delivery here  i think i need a co driver  lmao"
"made it to my delivery  now i need a reload  a long one  hey! <propfirst> reeves, you hear me?"
all this sitting around on these short loads is killin me and my bank account  need to find a job with <propmale>  i think my dispatcher is scared i'm gonna break down again 
"lakeland, fla  have to unload 1 2 the trl here then the rest in pompano beach in the am  i need a co driver!  hahahaha"
delivering in atl then taking 10 hr break then heading to ri for fri  wow!
"going to bed and gonna get up at 1am and start driving again, heading to rhode island for friday am  have a great evening everyone!"
i really need to wash my truck  being dot'd in va now 
getting my truck washed  and i'm actually paying for it  maybe i won't get dot'd again for a while  lol
i fought the truck but it turned into the frystown pilot anyway  then my airlines wrapped around me and dragged me into the restaurant and made me order the club sandwich  now i'm ready to go back to sleep but have to drive  lol
"so i was just told by our safety guy that we don't get bonuses for <propfemale> inspections unless its during a \special\"" time like the 72 hr roadcheck  that should have been on the qualcomm message! that pisses me off  i don't know what to think about this damn company anymore  any suggestions?"""
got a decent load for the weekend  and of course its raining cuz i washed my truck yesterday! such is life  lmao
"sitting in gaffney, sc  gonna grab a shower and be lazy til about 1am then go to my delivery in atl for the morning "
"watching an old movie called \raiders of the 7 seas\""  <propfemale> <propmale> sure changed alot as she aged """
1953 version of moulin rouge  kinda sad in a way  it's not over yet but it's different 
got a funny feeling i'm gonna have to take this load somewhere else  then i'm gonna be late  sitting in atl at sams club but i have a gut feeling about it  hope i'm wrong 
help! i need a co driver! got a whole 246 <propmale> to do today! lmao
sitting in loudon now  gonna go to bed in about 10 mins  nite all
"went to walmart, got some more baby stuff for <propfirst>  now i'm doing laundry and will head to ohio later today  i am at peace, content and relaxed today "
unloading and reloading in nashville  headed back up to ohio with the reload 
back in nashville  doing another turnaround to ohio 
"got the rest of the day off  vaccumed and scrubbed inside my truck  now the whole thing is sparkly! p u tomorrow and head to newark, nj for mon am     sad "
<propfemale> and i are going to swap loads tomorrow so i am going to wisconsin instead of jersey  thanks <propfemale>!!!
"sitting in second construction backup  got two more before i get back to <propmale>, oh  damn"
i think lumpers are a rip off! why the hell should we pay to unload shit the receivers order? it's a rip off and scam! they make me so mad
this is the coolest thing! someone called my co on my driving and said that after i was cut off by a car (which happens lots) i handled the situation safely and kept the situation accident free  i know people call in bad stuff but it's so nice to be called in for good stuff   i feel so good right now  (at least til i hear from disp @ my trk and hometime situation)
"aw crap, <propfemale> is being induced today cuz <propfirst> is so big and she has too much water in her "
"<propfemale> is in the hospital now (all alone) and hooked up but they won't start the inducing drug til tomorrow morning  i was gonna cut the cord but, oh well, such is life  will post pics when i see them this weekend!"
"so as of an hour ago <propfemale> was 9 5 cm dialated, blakes blood pressure went back to normal and hopefully he will be here in a few hours  she's funny when she's drugged up  ya'll should hear her  haha"
"<propfirst> was born at 821pm,8 lbs 15 oz and 20 in long  i got to hear him cry on the phone!"
"why don't brokers tell us to get mty and loaded scale tickets? damn, i'm standing here in this off the wall place waiting for a scale ticket and these idiots act like they don't see me  if i ever move don't let me use mayflower!"
<propfirst> is amazing! he has a great set of lungs on him  we have alot to do tomorrow but i will be posting new pics tomorrow nite  he is going to be spoiled!!!
so now <propfirst> is having his first dr appt  then we will be doing stuff all day  i'm starving! lol   where's burger <propmale>? i need a whopper!
"last night i cooked <propmale>, tonight i'm cooking american  poor <propfirst> is so busy being a mom and too tired to argue or cook  yay for me! i love to cook "
so today is 4 generation photo day! yay!!! can't wait to get them and post them
"oh, the joys of being a grandma!  on the way back home i'm going to stop by and see my other 2 grandsons and let them meet their great grandma "
waiting on a load so i can get back to work  had a great vacation  my mother came down and got to meet all 3 of her great grandsons 
"delivered greencastle, <propfemale> and waiting for next dispatch  then i need to find a place to crash"
it's been a wierd day  i'm gonna lay down  picking up at 4am headed to ny for 11pm  i'm worn out  i think my energizer <propfemale> battery pack needs bigger batteries this week  i'm getting old!
"after i deliver this load in pendergrass, ga i get the rest of the weekend off for a restart  i thought this place was 24 7? no one is here!"
going to bed now  good night!
am i the only person driving for this company? i just wanna sleep!
picking up in <propmale> robins this morning headed to ny  gonna have to repower this somewhere today tho
"i guess since i just got loaded i will take a nap and wait for the atlanta traffic to die down before i head to ny  load got changed, different city(elmira now), less <propmale> and more time to get there  such is life "
"just had a really big breakfast and i'm still hungry! i am gonna get fat today! i got the munchies, got the munchies!"
hope everyone has a restful night
"yummy, yummy  frystown, <propfemale> club sammich! yuuum! so yummy  lol"
guess i ought to put in a few <propmale> today
gotta find a walmart today to restock the groceries  i need to stop staying out so long  lol
"ok  i need a co driver  i have a whole 241 <propmale> to do today and after my 817 <propmale> from sat to tues, i'm worn out! lololol lmaofr"
"sleep, sleep, i need sleep  it's been a long 2 days  back in ga again "
"headed to <propmale> city, mo for monday  and i get a restart in too! i am such a lucky person!"
"delivering in <propmale> cty, mo now  this guy has a <propmale> attitude! but i have to be nice  i am good at that  lol"
"i get to go home friday! yay! 4 more days, i can't wait "
"let's see, go get a load but we have no phone number or directions and the address is wrong  then when i do find it, it isn't named what they said  wow, geez!"
"made it to <propmale>  disp said rec was open til midnite, he lied  but i am here and gonna sleeeeep for a few hours  3 more days til i get to see the best husband in the world!"
"ok everyone  keep your fingers crossed that i make it home fri  if this last load is any indication of how my weeks gonna go, i won't make it and hubby made plans for the first time in forever  lol,, got my fingers crossed "
"getting level 4 in ms  had to drive over \the pit\"" and i can't stop shaking  passed with flying colors!!!!"""
"alright, i am home now and if your name isn't <propfemale>, <propmale> or kaity-i'm not answering the phone  wait-mom and <propfemale> too  but i'm getting a whole weekend with my hubby ( he took sat off and has sun off too) and i'm going to concentrate on him  i really need some husband time   it's so nice to have a great marriage to come home to  yeah, i'm bragging   lol"
"i replaced the steps on the back porch yesterday  i bought the wood, cut it to fit and used screws so it won't fall apart  it looks good  glad i have the tools to do all that stuff when i need them   i'm so handy!  lmao"
"going to the doctor today then packing up the truck so i can head out again tomorrow  i could get used to sitting at home and being a housewife, lol, for about a month then i'd go crazy "
"got a load finally but it doesn't pick up til 8am in acworth, ga  so i guess i will sleep in my bed til 3 am then hit the road  such is life"
hmmmm
i hate dispatchers and load planners!
"picking up in greensboro, nc and headed to la for as soon as i can get it there  i just don't know what to do with this company  (sigh) it's a good load this time  new month so lets see what's gonna happen "
"pick up at midnight in <propmale> and be in <propfemale>, nc by 10 am mon  walmart is calling me"
"i don't understand why this co doesn't fine drivers that drop broken trailers  i got another one with no brakes so now i have to sit for hours getting it fixed  if the idiot who dropped it was fined and the driver fixing it was given the fine, this crap would stop!"
i am seriously gonna be a deer <propmale> when i get done being a trucker  had another one of them bitches hit me tonight  only busted the headlight cover but i have had it! gotta get me a good shotgun with a scope 
"supposed to deliver in jax, ms in the morning and was gonna do it tonight but i don't have a reload and do have a parking spot, so i guess i will deliver tomorrow  man, i need <propmale>!"
"got a load to baldwinsville, ny for monday  much better <propmale> this weekend than last "
800 <propmale> left to go til monday morning  stopped in knoxville for the night   any of my friends around here?  i need to borrow some movies   i have worn mine out and the  pilot doesn't have any good ones   i'm so bored 
"i've been looking at all the pics of my 3 grandsons  i tell ya, my kids did good  those boys are so adorable  all of them are so cute i just wanna hug them to death   i can't wait to see them again   maybe at christmas this year <propfemale> will bring them  haha"
"heading to montgomery, ny in the morning out of chicago heights, il for tomorrow night   long drive but i can do it! i'm the energizer trucker! lol"
i have been a good girl this year so my hubby let me have my christmas present early  i got a new astatic mic for my cb! yay! i'm happy!
pick up in ct and go back to il for mon am  ho de do
"i need something stronger than tylenol  i have a killer headache! waiting to be loaded and since i have til mon to deliver, i might get into <propfemale> and go back to bed  i hate headaches!!!!"
"i don't know whats wrong with my eye  i woke up yesterday morning and the outside part of my left eye is red around the pupil and orangy to the end  it's ugly but it doesn't hurt  anyone know what causes that? and no i didn't get in a fight, lol"
"sitting at markham yard, all by my lonesome, no one to <propfemale> out with or talk to or go shopping with     sad   guess i better watch another one of my movies for the hundredth time  haha"
every year i keep saying i will put up a tree cuz i have grand kids now  but since i lost <propfirst> i can't make myself do it  this will be the 5th christmas without him and i don't feel right putting one up since he's gone  any advice?
my eye is totally red purple now  i can tell people i'm giving them the evil eye and make them believe me now  lmao
restart almost over  now i will have plenty of hours to get home thurs  yay! i can't wait to see my wonderful hubby!
making the last little bit of this trip  getting better and can't wait til thurs!
"i need everyone to send thoughts to my dispatcher to send me home early  i am so ready this time and a couple of extra days would be nice  ok, everyone, start telecommunicating to him  lol"
"ok, somebody wake up and talk to me  its 4am  get up!"
"ok, i give up  gonna take a bath and go to bed and try to sleep  if i can't sleep then i'm gonna get in the truck and head to a truck stop so i can have air conditioning  lol"
so the repairman is here and its gonna cost me a weeks pay to fix the friggin ac!  gotta have it tho or i won't be able to sleep tonight  let's take bets on what's gonna break down next month-i say water well again   friggin crap!
"since the hubby has to work all day, i guess i can get off my lazy behind and run a couple of errands  i can't sleep  i got about an hour last night and have been up ever since  i don't wanna get dressed, i wanna be a couch potato  oh, i haven't smoked in 3 days now  wasn't trying to quit, just ran out and have been too lazy to go get some so i guess i should quit since i'm over the hardest part now  we'll see "
good nite facebook family  i'm going to see if i can sleep  i'm having problems eating and sleeping since i'm not smoking  wonder what that's all about  lol
doing good with the not smoking thing but sure want one today  just got bored  it's gonna be hard once i get back on the road tomorrow  gotta keep it up tho 
pretty sure the first place i'm headed is loudon  i was gonna watch the safety videos at home but couldn't get anyone to answer the phone so i could get the name of the website  so i need to see them  maybe i'll get lucky and get a load out west from tristate whse   (yeah right) lol
"finally got a load  heading out to mcdonough, ga to load and going to ky with it "
ok  it's been a week and i don't know what to do with my hands  it isn't hard to quit cold turkey except i don't know what to do  guess i'm going inside to get some  maybe  lol
i broke down from boredom and pissedoffedness  smoking tastes gross when u quit for a week
trucks been in the shop for a while now  air leaks and i think the leveler valve  i got to unload pallets with a forklift and learned how to change tires today 
i got put in a hotel for the night  i get to take a bubble bath  and have 2 beds to sleep on  and a microwave but i kinda want pizza  so many choices to make and hubby isn't here to help me with them   life sux sometimes   love you <propmale> 
"pizza is here, coffee is made, internet is free, tv is on and am making a bath in a minute  ahhh, this is the life  lol"
guten nacht jemand! good night everyone 
"wonder if my truck is going to be fixed today  guess i better shower and get ready to go back to the yard  if it isn't done then i might have to come back to the hotel tonight  oh, darn   lmao"
delivered rhode island a few mins ago and getting reload at same place in the morning  i get to be lazy again tonight! i think i'm gonna watch all the <propmale> krueger movies! blood and gore rules!!!!!
can't get my phone to dial out or send messages  ri is remote!
"battle creek, mi  delivering here this morning and then where? i think that i might have to go to markham yard and grab someones crap they didn't wanna finish  a short load  let's see if i'm right  lol"
going to bed  gotta get up at 2am and hopefully my load will be ready  almost done with <propmale> movies  on 7th disc of 8  now i need the halloween series!
so i was supposed to pick up in fremont at conway and head to ms with it  the freakin load cancelled again  this is the second time i have wasted a day waiting for this same kinda load  never gonna accept it again! so i got dressed and made coffee for nothing  going back to bed but gonna drink the coffee first  thanks for nothing conway!
this crap sux! time to find a place that wants me to do what i am capable of  this sitting around is making me lazy and mad  i'd make more money flipping freaking burgers! i know what i need to do  was hoping to retire here tho  damn!
happy veterans day to all veterans past and present  i appreciate you all and thank you all!
and now i'm gonna take something and go to bed  goodnight all
going back to <propfemale> newsprint to get a load to tampa  not a good thing to deliver to fla on a friday 
"something else funny, i was concentrating so hard on watching for deer that when my computer beeped it scared me so bad i actually screamed  lolol"
no reload  gonna sleep all night instead of driving! woohoo!
rldelivered in dublin about 3 hrs ago  gonna sleep tonight and reload in <propfemale> tomorrow for huntsville monday 
"found out today i'm not invincible  dammit, but i'm not telling what happened  let's just say my record is now marked "
sitting in huntsville waiting for these people to unload me then i have to go get a load with 4 stops right away  then i won't have any hours left to drive after that 
just got to my pickup for the 4 stop load and they are closed til 6am  first drop due 200 <propmale> away at 9am  not gonna make it  this doesnt look good on total  they should have had a local driver come get it and bring it to the yard so i could run with it  now they have to rescedule for a second time  not my fault  i was on another load 
don't you hate when you can't say what you want to a person because the consequences wouldn't make it worth it?
"no rest fer tha weary  lol  pick up in terre haute, in this evening and do 2 stops in memphis, tn tomorrow morning  (yawnnnnn)"
"damn! not gonna make 1st stop on time tomorrow  still sitting here being loaded  this is not my week! oh well, again, not my fault "
"passed another <propfemale> inspection  <propfemale> branch, ms scale  this one had me worried for a second "
i just realized it's friday! lol  guess i was worn out this week 
"wow  got this load i'm delivering in st <propfirst> then 2 reloads already! they are on the ball today! st <propfirst> to <propfemale> branch to newark, nj for monday  i'm a happy camper today! yipee ki yay!"
"happy,happy,happy day!!!! i feel so good! got 13 hrs sleep last night, got 3 loads for the weekend, got an awesome check today! all i need now is some vittles (food for you nonrednecks)  lmao"
just got a reload for tomorrow  gonna watch my show (undercover boss) then sleep for a few hours  gotta be in newark at 6am then reload at noon 
"picking up in jamesburg, nj headed for dublin, ga  thought it was scrap but i was wrong  man that hurts to say that  lmao"
i don't have to get up at any certain time tomorrow so i'm gonna sleep in  yay!
"like i always say, whatever!!!!! some people make me freaking sick  i better take my tired ass to bed before i say something i shouldn't   good night to my friends, and you know who you are "
"i've got my fingers crossed that i will get to go home tomorrow  got alot of things to do and the extra time would really help   hint, hint dispatch  lol"
guess i better get some sleep  5 am comes quick at my age  lol
woohoo! heading home!!!!
so <propmale> was a sweety and put together the prelit tree for me and i absolutely hate it  it's going on the porch and i'm gonna go get a real one or a fuller one  they don't make them like they used to  i wanted a fake one because the 3 grandsons are so small and i don't want them to get hurt  i'm gonna go tree hunting friday 
think i better go to bed  good nite all and happy thanksgiving 
"so we went and got this beautiful real tree today, got home, put it up, went in the shed for decorations and have no lights! i used to have about 30 strings of lights and a few tree toppers and they are all missing  i went crazy  now i have to go but freaking lights tomorrow  then i'm gonna take a pic  done with most of the christmas shopping  have just a few more things to get  whew! i'm on the ball this year  lol"
now i know why i never go out on black friday! you really gotta love someone to do this crap!
"well, i survived my first and last black friday  i got what i went out for, thank goodness, and when i talked to my daughter in law and told her what i got for my son, i think the word she used was \awesome\""  i feel good about christmas this year and i have my son to thank for that  i don't think i could have done it without him getting on my ass  lol  gotta love those kids of mine!"""
"been sitting on the couch all day watching tv and relaxing  i did do laundry, vaccum, straighten things and do all the bedding for when the kids visit next month though  but for the most part i relaxed  i've been constantly doing things since i got home wed  and today i gave out of energy   lol  that's what happens when you get old  you need a day of rest "
"gotta go back to work tomorrow,   sad   i'm kinda liking being home "
"waiting on a load  dispatch had me going out tomorrow  i should have agreed  oh, well, i need to work and make money  spent way too much on christmas this year  lol  but it's gonna be worth it seeing the kids and grandkids smile  gonna be taking lots of pics this year  bet i get to go to the northeast today! lol"
total trans would be a much better company if they reopened the austell yard and had <propmale> and <propmale> running it again  we were the number one terminal  i actually got really good <propmale> and got to go all over  i miss those days   crying 
"going to bed til 9 then load should be ready hopefully  going to shreveport, yay! that's the furthest west i've been in ages! i'm a happy trucker now "
it's <propfemale> as crap here in nc  it woke me up shaking my truck  i thought i was in chicago for a minute  lol
i am so totally upset right now i don't know what to do! will be in shreveport in about 6 hrs  for once it's not work related 
"so the family christmas party is the weekend before i get home, again  my son is spending christmas day at the inlaws, again  i give up  i don't freaking give a shit anymore! i hope everyone has a nice christmas  i will not do this again! i'm through trying and being the nice patient giving one  i am freaking done!!!!!"
"if anyone knows where i can get kc n the sunshine bands song called please dont go, let me know where it is  ive been looking for it  and i dont do ebay or amazon  thanks"
"in peoria, il delivering then have 2 more loads for the weekend  i\m starting to get used to running again! i think dispatch stopped being scared to run me  lol"""
uh oh  trucks in the shop  alternator has been acting up so i asked a mechanic about it and there's a <propmale> it'll catch on fire so i put it in the shop  fuel filter light came on today and i haven't had an air blower up front for 3 weeks  looks like i might be in markham for the weekend  they can't start on me til tomorrow afternoon  i guess i get a restart 
got a room for the night  the only thing good about being broke down is i get bubble baths  lol    smile 
wow! just spent and hour and a half on the phone with my little sister! we don't talk often but when i do get to talk to her i don't wanna let her <propfemale> up  lol    love you <propfemale> 
its snowing in chicago!!!!
i am trying to figure out this skype junk but keep going in circles with it  can't find <propfirst> or anything  i know i downloaded it last night  guess it's just not meant to be  lol
"got a load to nichols, ny for mon  gonna leave in the morning  then i can have a restart and still have lots of time to get there "
i think i better go to the truck  these guys are watching the au sc game and when i said i was pulling for the gamecocks-haha-if looks could have killed  i think i better go hide  roflmao   these guys are loud as hell in here 
i hope everyone has a good weekend 
on i86 in ny and these people haven't sent snow plows out yet  i got behind one for 10 mi doing 30mph then have been driving on snow covered roads since then  i'm tired now  lol
"it's gonna be rough until i get to a shop, my qualcomm is broke  it won't do anything! ugh! and as hard as it is to get dispatch to answer the phone, i won't be doing much this week "
"omg! these roads suck  went to finally get a load heading to ktown  met up with a accident, bad roads, and in a \we hate trucks\"" town  gotta watch these signs so i don't get on a \""no truck\"" road and get a ticket  arghhh"""
in a hotel again  truck is broke down again   i think it's time for a new one now  but don't tell my truck that or it'll stay broke  lol
"i got driver tech today  waaaaaa! i don't wanna be a truck driver anymore  the govt is getting crazy with all,this controlling crap  what about cars? there are people in cars that drive more than 11 hrs  when do they get regulated?"
"got a load and headin to jax, ms  for mon  am"
get in my belly!!!!!
so today is my daughters 26th birthday and she called earlier a little upset with me cuz i didn't call and sing her my silly version of happy birthday  that was so cute n sweet  i didn't think that stuff mattered to our kids but apparently i was wrong  i'm still smiling about it  it feels good to know small things i did to make the kids laugh matter 
"williamsburg, va here i come"
"after i unload here i pick up in richmond then head back to the knoxville area  oh, joy!"
going to bed for a while  nighty night 
"some drivers make me sick  they get on these hot loads then wait til the last minute to lie to dispatch about hours,road conditions,etc  now dispatch is scrambling to cover a fed ex load  if you dont wanna drive then freaking go work at something else!"
i knew i should have waited closer to my appt time to get to rcv  crap! thought they might have a staging area but they don't 
"dontcha just love when you deliver a load and are told you have to help inload 2500 boxes off the floor and palletize them? yup, that's what i have to do now  bet i don't get paid for it either "
"done til monday  taking an actual restart  i need it  lexington, nc is ok, i just hate time limits on the <propfirst> but, hey, at least there is one for us to use "
"so dispatch is wanting me to split up my hometime   that is ridiculous  that makes me mad, i don't go home that much and this is the only holiday i ask to have off and now they want me to work on hometime! no freakin way  if they decide that's what i need to do then i guess they don't need drivers too bad  calm down, take a chill pill  jeez!"
"in kearny, nj waiting on a southbound reload heading home  who wants to make bets it won't happen? lol"
"loading headed to maryville, tn then hopefully home  i'm so ready  this place i'm loading at is a freakin nightmare! stupid people cutting in line  and yes i got out and yelled at another driver for stealing my door and making me wait  felt good too! now i'm really a bitch!"
"awww,chucks babysitting  all by himself  thats sweet"
<propfirst> was fussy when i called home and <propmale> let me talk to him and he got quiet as long as i talked! he knows my voice  awww 
so i'm in loudon now  trying to get out of going into the shop  lol
"i'm home and found out <propfemale> and <propfirst> are here til the biginning of feb, then they are being stationed in okinawa, japan for 3 years  so the next time i see <propfirst> he will be walking and running and talking and just about ready for pre-k "
hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas  i'm gonna get up at 6am and start cooking that huge bird  <propfirst> got me <propmale> house shoes!  i love <propmale>  and my dogs are scared of them so i've been chasing them around the house  lolol
<propfemale> christmas everyone  done with the presents now i'm cooking  yummy! the only bad thing is i have to taste test while i'm cooking and i get full  lol
<propfirst> and i went after christmas shopping and got a few new decorations for our trees  she's moved in here for a month and her stuff is all over the house-you all should see it  i bet she forgets something  and <propfirst> is such a quiet baby! he loves his swing  he's up now-gotta go feed him  lol
"i decided that <propfemale> is what i need to have, and i do   things will be ok pretty soon if i just let things work out on their own, which they will  as <propfemale> lauper sang, \i see your true colors shining thru\""  and i do  and thats all folks!"""
just took the tree down and got most of the decorations put away  man it feels better having the house almost back to normal  just one end of the house is full now-sams stuff- lol  next year we will get a different kind of tree  this one died fast  so i hope everyone is having a great holiday and will have a happy new year 
we're watching ghost hunters again  i think it's funny when zach gets scared or hurt cuz he always taunts and yells at the spirits  got some good ones at the sloss furnace tonight 
hope everyone has a great new years <propfemale> and and even better 2011!!!! i'm hoping mine turns out as i plan for it to  don't party too hard!
picking up a load in ms and heading to co today! only because its snowing and others dont wanna go up there  cant get these loads in good weather  so i'm gonna enjoy the scenery 
"picking up in nebraska and heading to nc  3 days to do 1500 <propmale>  hmmm, think i need a codriver  lmao"
"sitting in <propmale>, nc at the rcv waiting for them to open  wonder where i'm going next  hopefully back west again "
delivering in nashville this morning  lots of trucks in front of me! hope i get out of here by lunch
"going to bed for a while, i'm worn out"
my disp left a load on me that i told him i  couldn't do yesterday (pu n <propmale> yest)  woke up last nite and saw it on comp   nite disp didnt know what i should do so i'm waiting on disp this morning to see whats up  i am gonna ask for a new dispatcher monday  mine just doesn't care  too bad the one i want isn't dispatching anymore 
restocked the truck at walmart  got a load from loudon to <propfemale> with 4 stops on it  sitting at captain d's right now (super yum)  crap! stupid buzzer just scared the crap out of me  lmao
got 15 <propmale> from my first delivery and luckily found a truck stop  have 14 more hours before i have to be there and am gonna get another good nights sleep  and selling my motorcycle! i hate to see it sit in the shed so much so i'm gonna get rid of it  let someone get some use out of it 
i have got to find another line of work soon  i don't get to sc except late at night when i'm going thru to somewhere so i can't see the oldest 2 grandsons and right now my daughter and her son are at my house before they go to okinawa and i'm on the road  this is a really tough life  never thought i would miss so much family stuff when i got into trucking 
"finally stopping in carlisle, <propfemale> and taking a nap til i wake up  then headed to atlanta"
"wow! work tried to call me 9 times but i was so worn out i never heard the phone or the computer going off  oh well, guess someone else is doing what they wanted me to do  i don't wanna be the va to <propfemale> relay driver, i wanna do different stuff  i want to get out of the snow just like everyone else  and i don't run on batteries, i sleep too  (sigh)"
"took my load to the jax, ms yard now i'm waiting in <propfirst> for someone to open the gate so i can get my ld going back to mechanicsburg  blah!"
finally got my <propfemale> load and heading that way     sad 
it's snowing in <propfemale> again  these are some huge snowflakes 
sitting in a rest area 20 mi from delivery  gotta wait 2 more hours before i can go  can't check in too early 
today is a bad day for 3 truckers on 70 in indiana  a set of doubles flipped over and then 2 <propmale> further a tanker slammed into the ass end of another truck and burst into flames  black ice on the roads but drivers think they are invincible  i stayed at 40 mph and made it safely and still early  let's hope those guys survived! please drive safely and cautiously 
"well, i am broke down  my fuel filter light came on and the truck won't move  i had it changed last month! this one didn't last  gonna have to reschedule this appt  that's what i get for bragging on my truck!"
"haha, made it to my delivery early even tho i broke down  whew!"
going to bed and turning off the phone  later folks!
"i hope people remember that what comes around, goes around  i hope i live long enough to witness some of it  if i don't i will still know cuz i'll be sitting on my cloud, sipping hypnotiq, watching and laughing my freakin dead ass off!!!!!"
i wanna go home! hurry up marines and get sams crap straight so i can go home 
"i put in for my hometime for next weekend and guess what? i get to watch the steelers beat the packers! yay, superbowl sunday with the hubby for the first time in person  we usually watch it together via phone  lol"
this <propmale> trainer is reaming his trainee out for screwing up by pulling in my way while i was backing  wow! he did mess up but i feel bad for him  i remember those days though i never did that  good luck guy 
sitting 117 mi south of my delivery in st <propfirst> for the morning  i figure i can get up early again and be there on time  ho de do  lol
my dog <propfemale> is sick  i hate that and i can't be home with her  hope whatever it is goes away  hubby is calling the vet today  doesn't look good  everyone cross their fingers that she gets better  thanks  she's 9 now but needs prayers 
"i got a compliment from the recv  clerk! seems most drivers have a hard time backing into the dock cuz its on a street corner w a light pole right there  alot of people have taken chunks out of it  i got it right in and he was impressed! yay, makes me feel good!"
"i am scary and intimidating? hahaha, never heard such nonsense in my life  crackhead "
one more week and i get to go home  i haven't had a day off since dec 30 when i came out  running every day and getting worn out in a <propmale> way!
"is in loudon, tn to sleep and then drop n hook for cincinnati for tomorrow"
"good night  gotta be up at 5 am  see ya, wouldn't wanna be ya  haha  thats so outdated "
"is sitting at the flying j in jeffersonville, oh  gonna eat, watch a movie the sleep as late as i want cuz my load doesn't deliver in jax, ms til monday nite  aaahhhh a break"
"breaks over so i'm heading to jax, ms now  darn"
i wanna go home early and my dispatcher won't let me! waaaaa! lol
been home since 3 am and relaxing today   tomorrow starts the mayhem  lol
"i cooked dinner, did dishes, have done laundry and a few other things today  it feels good to come home and be domestic "
"cubed steak, noodles, gravy and salad is what was for dinner tonight  yummy!  i love cooking  we had rouladen, kartoffel knoedel, gravy and veggies last night  trying to figure out what to cook tomorrow night now  lol"
i hope this rain stops before tomorrow  need to go to the grocery store  damn that thunder just scared the mess out of me  lmao!
"got a headache, gonna go soak in the tub and go to bed  good night all"
"that was a disappointing game  steelers lost cuz they had butterfingers tonight  man, that sux  oh well, there's always next year  going to bed so i can go back on the road tomorrow "
"heading out today as soon as i get a load assignment  wishing i was old enough to retire  oh well, just a few more years  have a great day everyone "
got a michigan load for tomorrow am  haven't been there in a while 
"it snowed from about 20 mi north of knoxville to lexington, ky  man did that wear me out  if people are so scared of driving in bad weather then why do they get out in it? i will never understand it "
<propfemale> and <propfirst> will be flying to japan on the 16th  by the time they get back in 3 yrs <propfirst> will be walking and talking  wow!
happy valentines day everyone
going to bed  <propmale> in martinsville tomorrow so gonna sleep til 3am and drive in this rough ass wind 
"back in loudon  heading to erie, <propfemale> in the morning  oh yay  lol"
"sitting in erie, <propfemale> waiting on guys to come to work and unload me  then i have to find a place to park, hahahaha  like that's gonna happen "
"delivered montgomery, ny  now waiting til the am for a reload  i'm tired for some crazy reason "
"ugh, i hate being ill  this crohns is getting the best of me lately  again  oh well, i guess it's my <propfemale>  why? i don't know but life is a bitch then ya die  lol"
had a nap  i'm bored so i guess i'll drive a little  lol
going back to bed for a while  got a reload for tomorrow already  whew
i've been a good little fuel saver and had my trk off all day and now it's dead! dammit!
i hope it rains today
it started snowing in va and is snowing real hard here in <propfemale>  daggone snow plows aren't even out yet so we were doing 30 mph  i'm still 8 hrs early for my delivery!
ga to <propfemale> to ga to <propfemale>  whew! <propmale> are good on this fedex run! too bad i can't keep it forever  just got preplan to come back to ga again  lol  i just might make my <propmale> this month if this keeps up  yay!
back in <propfemale>  going to bed then headede back to ga  i'm worn out
and don't call me at 6am <propfemale>  i will be sleeping like the dead  lol
back in ga and heading back to <propfemale> later today  i'm lovin this  trying to get dedicated on it  wish me luck 
got my load back
sometimes dispatchers are frustrating  when i say i only have 4 hrs for the weekend it doesnt mean i can run 850 <propmale>  sheesh!
"i am loading in orrtanna, <propfemale>  never heard of it til this load  lol  heavy food load going to <propmale>  anyone wanna take it from loudon? haha  gotta drop it so i can get back to ga and my fedex run  yipee!"
back in ga and loading for <propfemale> again soon  i'm gonna be so glad to see home friday!
back in ga  need to get the truck fixed and i think i have food poisoning  ewww! i'm dying!
got sent to the volvo dealer to get the truck fixed and they told me i would need a hotel tonight  crap! so close to home but so far away 
"getting a room tonight  oooh, a bubble bath!"
"well, something else was found so its gonna be another day before 2 get the truck  now hubby has to comme get me and bring me back up here tomorrow when its ready  totally screws my weekend up "
"got home last night and saw the house and there's quite a bit to do  lots of packing things of <propfirst>'s and storing them and putting things back the way they were  got lots of stuff to keep me busy  bad thing is, i discovered the family fued game online this week and got hooked  hmmm, what do i wanna do right now?  play games  lolol"
"almost in atl to pick up my truck  then going home for the rest of the weekend  the ex is gonna owe me big after today! hehehe, aren't ya <propfirst>?!"
<propmale>' t you just hate when someone gets you all excited about something (dispatcher) then it doesn't work out and youj have all these great plans in mind? my hubby told me not to get my hopes up  i  should have listened to him 
i'm so confused  i have a headache  i'm gonna have cpt d's today  i'm loading in loudon for ga today  i have a bad headache  lol 
"sitting at fedex in ga again waiting for my ld  dispatch has me so confused about this \dedicated\"" run  lol"""
"is in middletown, <propfemale> without a reload again  dammit!"
"this home computer is really neat  i'm finally figuring out some of the features  considering this is only my second time on it, that's not bad  lol"
<propfemale> just sent me an email and said they are fine right now and she will contact everyone soon 
"had the day from hell  trl tire caught on fire, 2 drivers n me got it out w our extinguishers, fire dept shows up  gotta get it reloaded and head to ga, 3 sets of tires make for a scary ride  it really wobbles bad  im not done either  theres more"
hope everyone has a good day  gonna put my jammies on and hit the sack  good nite!
i can't believe i slept 13 hours last night  guess all that crap with the fire wore me out more than i thought  lol
just had a thirty something guy call me beautiful  was gonna let him use my glasses but was afraid someone would call the cops when they heard him screan and run! lmao!
i hate when driver drop trls with flats or other problems! it takes forever to get thru to breakdown then hours before someone fixes the problem  i am cursing all drivers that do that! i'm gonna put a witchy poo spell on them!
back in ga for the weekend and putting the truck in the shop for a bpm so i can't go home again  might get hubby to come spend the day with me up here sunday tho 
ho hum
"<propfirst> tesh says to avoid shark attacks, swim with a friend  it reduces the risk by half and my first thought was-\yeah cuz he'll eat your friend first\""  lmao  i'm such a wierdo! haha"""
oh yeah  status update to brandy-i am in <propfemale> now  lol
"in ga again  getting ld later back to <propfemale>  too bad i have to get on elogs, this is a great run, and the co doesn't have to worry about it cuz i git er done! but, oh well, all good things must come to an end "
delivered my ld in <propfemale> at 4am now have to wait til 2pm sun to get a reload  taking it to loudon then gonna do a restart and get elogs  yipee 
