c30f749062d3d5d890451c4b43301f70
had a great 4th with the family! the fireworks on lake degray were fanstastic this year!
this was a heck'uva a monday!!
is it me or does the full <propfemale> make people act like fools?
is determined it is going to be a good week!!!  laugh 
"last week in fayetteville was great, this week is gonna be even better   just know it!!"
getting my hair cut today back to short and sassy!!
wish i was at state o'rama its a little too quiet here 
is glad that the weekend is finally here!!
is about to go to bed 
so glad to have the rain but i need to mow the lawn
raindrops keep falling on my head 
i love a rainy night   love rainy night   don't know why all these rain songs keep popping in my head 
i have a new found respect for fcs agents who do sewing workshops!! helped <propfirst> today and whew!!!! am i glad its over 
been cooking all day for mt  <propfemale> homecoming
"had a great weekend at the folks, but glad to be home"
ready to hit panama city!! friday can't get here quick enough 
is it friday yet i am ready for the beach!!
panama city beach or bust!!!
so did not want to come back from panama city beach!!
oh how i wish i was still on the beach!! the office gremlin left a big pile on my desk for me to sort through 
planning another extension year and wondering where this one went?!
"finished with cec stuff   accomplished more than i thought!!  always good, but its amazing how much you forget through out the year "
tgif!! really glad its friday!
monday starting off as beautiful as the weekend ended!
simple pleasuress bring great happiness ~ <propfirst> hele brindell
today is going to be better than yesterday   i am determined it will be
"hugging is the ideal gift  great for any occasion, fun to give & receive, shows you care, comes with its own wrapping and, of course, is fully returnable  hugging is practically perfect  no batteries to wear out, inflation-proof, nonfattening, no monthly payments, theft-proof and nontaxable "
"life is what we make it, always has been, always will be  ~ grandma <propmale>"
"been a long week, glad its over calling it good and going to bed"
show clinic over now what to do with the rest of the day   free time not used to that 
sushi in t town with a great friend  life is good  going to end the day on a good note and go to bed 
"foreman is starting a new cowboy church, went down there after our services they had a pretty good crowd for their first service "
there's nothing better in the world than a sunday afternoon nap 
"it is the heart that makes a man <propmale>  he is <propmale> according to what he is, not according to what he has "
i love it when its cool enough outside to open the windows   can listen to the frogs and crickets 
"when you give of  yourself, you receive more than you give "
virus on computer all clear!!  our computer gurus are life savers!!
blessed are those that can give without remembering and take without fogetting 
go hogs go!!
young at heart- slightly older in other places 
i know god will not give me anything i can't handle  i just wish he didn't trust me so much  ~ mother teresa    it certainly applies 
we should be careful to get out of an e playful erience only the wisdom that is in it 
the parts of portland i have seen have been very pretty
i figured after a few days out here i would get used to the time difference   nope!!  i will say i have seen more sun here than i did before i left arkansas   can't wait to get back though 
getting up on ar time and going to bed on or doesn't make for a very rested me 
people don't care how much you know  they just need to know you care 
"i am only one  but still, i am one  i cannot do everything, but still i can do something  and because i cannot do everything, i will not refuse to do the something that i can do "
horse can find water but a pencil must be lead   (non-sensical wisdom of the day )
go hogs beat the aggies!!
how about them hogs!
sometimes it takes a different perspective to remind us of the simple beauty that surrounds us everyday   simple pleasures in life is what its all about 
the most important thing to fill your home with is joy 
mindless quizzes help to wind down after doing reports all day!!  almost done will finish tomorrow when my brain turns back on   did i mention that october sucks?
"do what you can with what you have, where you are  ~theodore <propmale>"
narrative is done!!!  all 20 stinking pages of it!
the worthiest cause is kindness and it is timeless 
all end of the year crap is finally done!!  don't know if the promotion document is going to happen this year!
why aren't more movies made like lonseome dove?
"thank you for calling the weight loss hotline  if you'd like to lose half a pound right now, please press 1 eighteen thousand times "
"my time has always had a tendency to slip away from me and do as it pleases  my life follows, like a puppy after an untrained bird dog  come night, my life shows up, usually covered with mud and full of stickers,exhausted but grinning happily  ~ patick mcmanus"
i remember the state fair being sooo much fun as a kid   what happened?
doesn't like cold and wet at the same time!
had a great day! thanks ss!
week starting off pretty good!
try smiling at others  a smile is contagious and you will feel better as others smile at you 
we probably wouldn't worry about what people think of us if we could know how seldom they do 
you're not old unless you get wrinkles in your heart!
"sometimes god calms the storm, and sometimes he lets the storm rage and calms his child "
a person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs- jolted by every pebble in the road 
ready for this manic monday to over with!!
success is not measured by how high you fly buy how high you bounce!
need to get a ryegrass demonstration in and it won't quit raining long enough to get it in getting frustrated ugh!!
one of the side benefits of forgetting names and faces: you keep meeting new people every day!
"kids are like sponges  they absorb all your strength and leave you limp  give'em a squeeze, and you get it all back "
healing comes when  you realize the light at the end of the tunnel is not a train!
for somebody that claims to be a homebody i sure have been on the road alot this year and i am ready for it to stop!
glad to have quiet time to relax after sitting for most of the day!! now i remember why i hated tuesday thursday classes in college   you brain can only absorb what you butt can withstand 
today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday-but not nearly enough 
private pesticide applicator training tonight in dierks at <propfemale> walters elementary school in the cafeteria  starts at 6 p m  doors open at 5 smile 0p m    $10 licensee
never ask old people how they are if you have anything else to do that day 
program review is done was painless!!  woohoo!
i can't help but wish scientists would develop some kind of brain implant to <propmale> off memory loss as we age!
wooohoooo  found i get to go to the razorback game tomorrow !!!!!!   i'm so excited!  who cares that we are playing <propfirst> state!  got to find my temporary hog tatoos!   gonna be worthless the rest of the day i fear 
"had a great weekend with my sis, mom, niece, ally & <propfemale> at the razorback game and ihop afterwards!!"
"blessed are they who clip coupons, for they shall be redeemed!"
blessed are those who clip coupons for they shall be redeemed 
"anythig can happen to me tomorrow, but at least nothing more can happen to me yesterday "
"when one door closes, another door always opens- but those long hallways are a real drag ~ <propfemale> wooten"
for all for all of my teen leaders   if you plan on going bowling saturday please call ms  <propfemale> and let you her know so she knows how many lanes to reserve for us   thanks!!
wisdome doesn't necessarily come with age  sometimes age just shows up all by itself 
a cynic is only a frustrated optimist
"i hate a stupid head cold, sinuses are killing me and the really good drugs knock me out ugh!"
cleaning house yeah fun!
a word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones who need the advice   <propmale> cosby
my philosophy is that we should just do our best- and laugh about the rest  we have to keep things in perspective 
get <propmale> quick count your blessings!
there is not enough prilosec in the world for this game!
most people have minds like concrete: mixed up or permanently set  ~ <propmale> rovin
<propmale> county 4-her's journal work day this saturday from 9 a m until??  call to sign up if you plan on doing a journal!!!   a cloverbud journal workshop will be held in january 
middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber not for the toy 
"how far y ou go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong - because someday in life you will be all of these  ~george washington carver"
"never worry about the size of your christmas tree  in the eyes of children, they are all thirty feet tall "
"be open-minded, but not so open-minded that your brain falls out "
awesome nashville band concert last night!!  you guys did a fantastic job!  very proud of all my 4-hers that were apart of the production 
"little kid's instructions on life: 1  when your dad is mad and asks you, \do i look stupid?\"" don't answer him  2  never try to baptize a cat  3  never trust a dog to watch your food  4  never tell your little brother that  you're not going to do what you mom told you to do  5  remember you're never too old to hold your father's hand """
"knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens  ~ jimi hendrix"
christmas   a time for hope and realizing the miracles around you 
some people grow up and spread cheer    others just grow up and spread 
"it's not the pace of life that concerns me, it's the sudden stop at the end "
"remember, every cloud has a silver lining   and sometimes a bolt of lightning "
"it's no use having a good memory, unless you have something good to remember "
"have you heard the joke about what would've happened if there had been 3 wise women instead of of wise men? they would've stopped to ask for directions, arrived on time, helped deliver the baby, cleaned up the stable, made a casserole, & brought diapers & other practical gifts!"
"my mind contains many good ideas, but it's not always easy to squeeze one out "
turquoise w  leopard print trim
the chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions  -- <propmale> adler
for real  monday again?!
life is like riding a bicycle  you don't fall off unless you stop pedaling 
cowboy wisdom-- never walk when you can ride  and never stand when you can sit 
"this is a test  it is only a test  if this were your actual life, you would be given better instructions "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
more cowboy wisdom    it's a big mistake to drive black cattle in the dark 
"this is my life's motto    instead of critizing yourself when you do something goofy, find a way to laugh about it "
i karate chopped a banana in a hole because big bird told me too and he's my leader 
"cowboy wisdom   \never squat with your spurs on \"""""
be open minded but not so open minded that your brains fall out 
pain is temporary  quitting last forever 
"lord, deliver us from war, pollution, and cellulite build-up "
a well-informed person   is somebody who has the same views and opinions as yours 
"great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day  --<propfemale> koch"
woohoo 4-h journals on their way to little rock!!  maybe now i can sleep without dreaming about the darn things!!!
"there are always two choices, two paths to take  one is easy, and its only reward is that it is easy "
i've figured out why people get gray hair  it's from worrying about their teeth falling out!
useless info of the day   it is estimated that millions of trees are planted by forgetful squirrels 
wonders just how many meetings you can pack into one day??
don't give out advice if you can't take your it yourself 
"looked up my name on urbandictionary com it was there but my middle name was   i think it fits!  noun: a woman to be loved, and treasured! someone that brings total bliss to your life! a very honest, loyal, and trustworthy person!  verb: a woman who sets your mind on fire! someone that blows your mind!"
"inside every older person, there's a younger person, wondering what happened   (just for you sweetpea )"
i'm beginning to think fundraisers is another word for slow death for those organizing them 
fundraiser over with   and after it is all said and done it was well worth it!
life is 10% what you make it and 90% how you take it  -- <propmale> berlin
"please lord all i ask for is one snow day, please, please please "
the snow was beautiful while it was here 
you know it's time to throw in the towel when you'd fall apart completely if it weren't for static cling! ~ <propfirst> a  ragaway
"anything can happen to me tomorrow, but at least nothing more can happen to me yesterday "
middle age is when you want to see how long your car will last   instead of how fast it will go 
i had to give up jogging for my health   my thighs kept rubbing together and setting my pantyhose on fire!
how things would be different if men got pregnant: maternity leave would last 2 years with full pay  there'd be a cure for stretch marks  natural childbirth would be obsolete  morning sickeness would rank as the nation's number 1 health problem 
today's forcast: partly rational with brief periods of coherent thought giving way to complete apathy by tonight ~ <propfemale> weaver
keep smiling!! the luscious plum forgot to- and became a wrinkled prune 
people who need to get older are much luckier than people who need to get younger!
this morning i cracked open an egg   and pantyhose fell out!
attitude is the mind's paintbrush  it can color any situation 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   i am 37 for those who asked    you start asking my weight i will lie to you!  laugh 
i am so proud of my nieces <propfirst> and <propfemale> they made goza jazzlers not only that <propfirst> made captain!!!  congratualtions girls!!
life is an adventure  <propfemale> on to your hat and scream for all you're worth!
the best vitamins for making friends: b1
<propfirst> and <propmale> were not really meant to e playful lore the west for all those months  they simply did not want to admit (especially in front of sacajawea) that they were lost   (saw this somewhere thought it was too funny not to share )
an angel is someone who brings out the angel in you 
"priceless gifts to give for free: the gift of affection-be generous with appropriate hugs, kisses, pats on the back, and handholds  let these small actions demonstrate the love you have for family and friends "
"priceless gifts to give for free: the gift of affection-be generous with appropriate hugs, kisses, pats on the back, and handholds  let these small actions demonstrate the love you have for family and friends "
warning!!! humor may be hazardous to your depression 
i like to think of banana cream pie as a fruit 
may i just say this week sucks so far!
did you hear about the doorbell and the hummingbird who fell in love? they had a little humdinger!
whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good  luckily that is not difficult 
i've reached that point in life where the only thing i can exercise is caution!
is still kickin'   what i'm not sure but kickin'
signs you're getting old: dialing long distance wears you out 
"4h banquet was great, but glad it is over!!!  you kids did a great job "
"if you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten  -- <propfirst> robbins"
true friendship comes when silence between two peopl is comfortable 
"i have discovered that <propfemale> is not the ability to wait, but to keep a good attitude while waiting -- <propfemale> meyer"
"fyi - as of today, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites > instant personalization > edit settings and uncheck \""allow\"" and confirm  please pass this on to everyone"""
ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses  -- <propfirst> washingto carver
pild is pretty cool get to go to the hill wednesday & visit legislators!
going to the hill today kind of excited!
"great news!! laughing 100 times is the physiological equivalent to working out on the rowing machine for 10 minutes! the problem is, once i get going, i'm afraid i won't be able to stop, and i'll laugh myself into anorexia!"
"if you laugh alot when you get older, your wrinkles will be in the right places "
"life isn't always what we want, but it's what we got  so, with god's help, choose to be joyful "
"more truths brought to us by children annoyed --don't let you mom brush your hair when she's mad at your dad \--if your sister hits you, don't hit her back  it's always the second person who gets caught  << (sound familar sweetpea)"
why are there interstate highways in hawaii?
the hunger for lover is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread~ mother <propfemale>
to love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides 
"when someone tells me there is only one way to do things, it always lights a fire under my butt  my instant reactionis, \i'm going to prove you wrong!\"" -- picabo street   \",c30f749062d3d5d890451c4b43301f70,i have found at my age that going braless pulls all the wrinkles out of my face 
"if all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they wouldn't reach any conclusion-- <propfirst> <propmale> shaw"
the trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was 
some folks are wise some otherwise
"to err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer   <propfirst> ehrlich"
a child miseducated is a child lost --jfk
"it doesn't take great wisdom to energize a person, but it does take 60 seconds  that's about the amount of time it takes to walk over and gently hold someone we love "
humor is just another defense against the universe  <propmale> <propmale>
"tell a man there are 400 billion stars, and he'll believe you  tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it "
"have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac  ~ <propfirst> carlin"
been to hot springs now headed to t town
"more than anything esle, i want the folks back at home to thing right of me-- <propmale> presley"
i used be driven but i pulled over
tlc is almost over is noon on thursday yet?
"every day i get up and look through the forbes list of richest people in <propfemale>  if i'm not there, i go to work "
"before you try to keep up with the joneses, be sure they're not trying to keep up with you  --<propfemale> bombeck"
"they say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world  someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for    luckily i have all 3  laugh "
"can it be an accident that \stressed\"" is \""desserts\"" spelled backwards?"""
"laughter dulls the sharpest pain and flattens out the greatest stress  to share it is to give a gift of health because, as someone pointed out, \ulcers can't grow while you're laughing \""  -- <propmale> \""patch\"" adams """
what happened to the weekend? monday seems to come around alot faster than it used to 
"life is an endless struggle, full of frustrations and challenges  but eventually you find a hairstyle you like!"
the show is really over when you find yourself picking your teeth out of the popcorn 
its kinda sad that you have to spend your first day of va k cleaning house     upside got done quicker than i thought so i got a pedicure
young at heart- slightly older in other places
thank goodness for short weeks
the best thing about the future is that is comes one day at a time 
in tulsa town for national ag agents meeting got here a day got to go to bass pro and managed to kill 2 hours i spent nothing <propfirst> spent    well we won't say ate at <propfirst>'s crab shack good stuff!!! meeting tomorrow 
wore out but having a good am pic     soooo tired
finally home nacaa am pic was awesome thanks ok state extension
"here are some other signes that you're living somewhere between estrogen & death annoyed -when you do the \hokey poke","\"" you put your left hip out   and it stays there \"c30f749062d3d5d890451c4b43301f70,thinking will get us to the foot of the mountain  faith will get us to the top 
dumb laws    oklahoma-it is illegal to wear your boots to bed    was this such a problem they really needed a law for it?
"\how many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? four  calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg \""  -- <propmale> <propmale>"""
"\how many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? four  calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg \""  -- <propmale> <propmale>"""
"god <propmale> me the senility to forget the people i never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones i do--and the eyesight to know the difference "
"i've been very good about watching my weight  i watch it go up and down up and down  i someone call this \the rhythm method of girth control!\""---barbara <propmale>  found it very fitting """
starting my morning off getting a tire fixed  defintely monday
"the second day of a diet is always easier than the first  by the second day you're off it    \soooo true!"
dumb laws  alabama-boogers may not  be flicked into the wind     makes you wonder who or why anyone would retrieve one for evidence 
i don't suffer from insanity  i enjoy every minute of it 
"\in my sentences i go where no man has gone before   i am a boon to the english language \"" --<propfirst> w  bush"""
"amazing! if you <propfemale> something in a closet for a while, it shrinks two sizes "
she who laughs last thinks the slowest 
the internet is a gateway to get on the net --bob dole
"everyone brings joy to my office some when they arrive, some when they leave "
a veg out weekend   thank goodness 
it's not that i'm against exercise  it's just that when i look at my body i feel it's already been punished enough!!  (borrowed thought)
nothing is particularly hard if y ou divide it into small jobs --henry ford
"people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing -- <propfirst> carnegie  \awww the life of a county agent"
"veni, vendi, visa   translation: i came i saw i did a little shopping "
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow "
vacation time at last!
awww  last day of vacation watching the beautiful rain   what could be more relaxing?
sometimes i'm tempted to adapt a line i see every day on my car and transpose it onto a full-length mirror in my bedroom  it would say: images in mirror are smaller than they appear 
love county fair week this is the earliest i've got to bed all week  pig kids & goat kids did great job showing !
cattle show over  again i must say awesome kids  the judge has been very complimentary!  makes an agent proud
just wanted to thank all the kids and parents for making the 2010 <propmale> county fair & livestock show the best yet!!
<propfemale> yesterday   dream tomorrow    live today
hello autumn it is soooo nice to see you again   your sister summer was a huge pain!
people don't care how much you know  they just need to know you care 
"there are a lot of things that can make you feel old, looking into the mirror (if you're wearing your glasses and the wrong attitude) is one of them "
woo hoo promotion document all most done!!!! will finish in the morning
questions to ponder: what disease did cured ham actually have?
another question to ponder: how important does a person have to be before they are considered assasinated instead of just murdered?
"why is it you \put your two cents worth in\"" but only get \""a <propfemale> for your thoughts\"" where does that extra <propfemale> go?"""
arkansas state fair winners congrats to all my 4h kiddos but special kudos to <propfemale> hockaday for winning grand champion angus heifer in <propmale> & open show   <propmale> <propmale> 5th place <propmale> in the goat skil a thon   more to come later this week way to go <propmale> county 4h!!  i'm very proud 
congrats to <propmale> shepherd 12th place in the broiler show!!
hog show @ state fair can it get any better!?
awww the after state fair pile on my desk  joy!!!   if ya'll don't hear from me over the next 24 hours send a search party into my office 
"you're not old unless you get wrinkles in your heart!!!  see aunt <propfirst> & aunt <propfemale> i told you, you weren't old  laugh "
men don't really lose their hair- it just goes underground and comes out their ears!  bahahaha
"monday, monday   (got this beatles tune in my head not sure why)"
hope is the dream of the waking man   -- aristotle
narrative done!!  program review a week from tomorrow guess i need to get a power point started 
there are some days i think i could hide my own easter eggs 
success is not measured by how high you fly but how high you bounce 
healing comes when you realize the light at the end of the tunnel is not a train 
how is it that we put a man on the <propfemale> before we figured out it would be a good idea to put wheels on luggage?  just wondering
you never lose by loving  you always lose by holding back ~ <propfemale> de angelis
"question to ponder   why do toatsters always have a setting that burns the toast to horrible crisp, which no decent human being would eat?"
"if the professor on gilligan's island can make a radio out of a coconut, why can't he fix a hole in boat?"
sooo ready for program review to be over with! we are in hurry up and wait mode 
"question to ponder: if corn oil is made from corn, and vegetable oil is made from vegetables, what is baby oil made from??"
would like to be the first to welcome my mom to the 21st century and facebook 
"you know you're getting older when    \happy hour\"" is a nap!"""
if god seriously plans to help with my problems   he has a busy day ahead of him!  --<propfemale> brilliant
for those of you going to the scrapper's game tonight 4h will have one of the concession stands so i urge you to support <propmale> co  4h
one of the greatest labor-saving inventions of today is tomorrow 
go hogs go  beat utep!!
blessed are they who clip coupons for they shall be redeemed 
found this and wonder if my mother does this   no matter how old she is a mother watches her middle-aged kids for signs of improvement 
grandparents: a thing so simple even a small child can operate it 
<propfirst> tonight in nashville woohoo
just from the post i see on fb it sounds like this was a tough weird week for everyone    and yes i'm glad friday is here too woohoo!
13 days 'til vegas and counting!!
(stolen but like it!) my philosophy is that we should do our best -- and laugh about the rest  we have to keep things in perspective 
12 days to vegas!!
"11 days 'til vegas   and tonight beaty family tradition \snackin' night\""  almost as good as thanksgiving day"""
8 days to vegas!  gonna need a vacation after this razorback game 
this time next will be in the desert amonst the casinos and lights  can't wait!!!!
a quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough ~bruce <propfirst>
"you know the difference between <propfemale> and petrino? one brought destruction to louisiana, the other was a hurricane  lol(so good had to borrow from <propfirst> boles)"
vegas in 5
less than 24 hours until vegas  laugh  !
vegas or bust!
we've arrived vegas watch out
having so much fun but i'm wore out not slowing down nfr tonight!
"rodeo was awesome last night rough stock had a good night, ropers let the pressure get them  last full day in vegas   sad "
home @ last
back to reality that is called work 
some people grow up and spread cheer   others just grow up and spread 
"make your heart happy, and let it reflect on everything you do "
"it's not the pace of life that concerns me, its the sudden stop at the end "
"well <propfirst>'s family thinks i walk on water, but i try to e playful lain that i don't, so he ask one of my best friend's and she confirmed that i do to him!!  i be way more charming than even i know    laugh "
had fun in branson but sooooo glad to be at home 
am i the only one that thinks this should be a state holiday??? who can concentrate on work with the sugar bowl looming in the near future?
i'm sick just sick about last night    they beat themselves with penalties and dropped balls    still love my hogs 
"two ninety-year old men, <propmale> & <propmale> were at the funeral service for another ninety year-old pal  after the benediction, they lingered, loking at the open casket of the deceased brother  finally <propmale> said to <propmale>, \you know it's hardly worth going home \"""""
score!!! 4-h room at the eh house is clean and organized!!
at the govoner's inagural ball  awesome who would've thought a country girl from arkadelphia would ever be here
life is like riding a bicycle  you don't fall off unless you stop pedaling 
"this is a test  it is only a test  if this were your actual life, you would be given better instructions "
there are many women like me who talk about cosemtic surgery but our philosophy prevails:  no guts-- live with the ruts  ~barbara <propmale>
"lord, deliver us from war, pollution, and cellulite buildup  amen"
a well informed person   is somebody who has the same views and opinions as yours 
needed: a good deep tissue massage!
"when humor goes, there goes civilization ~ <propfemale> bombeck "
i think to day is a perfect day to go out and do and aquaculture survey of area ponds 
attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference 
epitaph over a dentist's grave: he is filling his last cavity 
"do yourself a favor as you walk through life: slow down and take the the time to really see  take a moment to see what is going on around you right now, right where you are  you may be missing something wonderful "
<propmale> county 4h is having is selling smoked ribs and cornish hens this weekend you can place an order by calling 845-7517 or walk ups between 11-1 on saturday next to the radio station 
"inside every older person, there's a younger person wondering what happened    i know what happened to me 4h fundraising  laugh "
global warming???  saaayy whaaatt!?
bbq bowl postponed until march 5
"anything can happen to me tomorrow, but at least nothing more can happen to me yesterday "
god only gives us what we can handle   i think he may have overestimated me somewhat or he is preparing for something 
sushi cafe in little rock   awesome!!
today's forecast: partly rational with brief periods of coherent thought giving way to complete apathy by tonight 
very excited about 4h journal results!!!  kids ya'll will have to wait for the banquet to find out 
keep smiling! the luscious plum forgot to-- became a wrinkled prune 
people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing~ <propfirst> carnegie 
happy happy joy joy just found out that once the board of trustees give their approval i will be an agent iii!!!!!   so glad i don't have to do that promotion document again!
"is feeling like crap trying to cough up all the smoke i inhaled at our 4h bbq fundraiser, which by the way went extremely well and raised quite a bit of money "
thinks people shouldn't e playful ect to be rewarded if they haven't put in the time and hard work required of such rewards 
thank you soooo much for all the birthday wishes!!
thank you again for all the wonderful birthday wishes 
"beauty tip of the day: for attractive lips, speaks words of kindess   for lovely eyes, seek out the good in people   for slim figure, share your food with the hungry   for beautiful hair, let a child run his her fingers through it once a day  for poise, walk with the knowledge that you'll never walk alone "
ever have a day that starts out goofy and never lets up?
forgot to wear green today   thank goodness for 4-h bracelet in my desk drawer!
had my one good idea for the week    guess i can go home 
"did you ever notice that when you blow in a dog's face, he gets mad at you , but when you take him for a car ride, he sticks his head out the window?"
warning!! humor may be hazardous to your depression 
hail hail everywhere hail from marble size up to glof ball size fun weather  i am thankful for the rain though 
"once your past forty, your \big break\"" will probably be a bone """
"great news: laughing 100 times is the physiological equivalent to working out on a rowing machine for ten minutes! the problem is, once i get going, i'm afraid i won't be able to stop, & i'll laugh myself into anorexia!~ <propfemale> <propmale>"
"something to ponder: if you tied jellied toast to the back of a cat and dropped the cat from the roof, would the toast land jelly-side down or would the cat land on its feet?"
why is it when you are mowing the lawn you always run out of gas at the furtherest point from the gas can?
"mini vak over back to th grind stone     vak consisted of a a couple of days vegging out, working cows & calves riding horses & decorationn day at daniels cementary"
"tell a man there are 400billion stars, and he'll believe you  tell him a bench has wet paint, and he has to touch it "
<propfirst> sullivan is the most awesome boyfriend ever! just thought everyone should know that 
i have been awake since 4 a m  & it sucks!
stars & constellation workshop last night was a tremendous hit    kinda proud of myself for think outside the box a little  15 kids 7 adults
i am so proud of <propmale> county 4h they did fabulous @ district o'rama
camper shakedown then this fast and furious monday will be over with 
c'mon rain i see your clouds and smell you in the air!!
quad co 4h camp time woo hoo!
"congratulations to <propmale> county 4h ambassadors <propfirst> ince, <propmale> shepherd, & <propfemale> <propmale>!  i'm so proud of you guys"
"attention !!!!! please re-post for everyone!!!!!!!!!this notice is directed to everyone who has a <propfemale> on facebook  if anyone, including a friend, sends you a link with words \visit the new facebook\"" do not open! if you open it you can say goodbye to your <propfemale>  it's a hacker who steals your details and removes you from your own <propfemale>  copy and spread the word!!!!"""
"life is an endless struggle, full of frustrations and challenges  but eventually you find a hairstyle you like!!"
the show is really over when you find yourself picking your teeth out of the popcorn 
thank goodness for the rain
"the a c is out in the courthouse and we are on the 2nd floor with fans going   can anyone say \convection oven\"" """
"heat index 102   still no a c in the  courthouse    2nd floor is like the top rack in the convection oven    thinking i may go across the street and \help\"" with <propfirst>'s sewing workshop """
"congrats to  daniel ince 1st place wildlife, <propfirst> ince 2nd place food fair, <propmale> shepherd 3rd place animal science, <propfemale> <propmale> 4th place fashion revue,  livestock skills team 3rd place  go <propmale> county 4h"
crap!! how did we miss the rain again?
"<propmale> county residents you have the opportunity to get rid of unwanted pesticides wednesday, august 3 @ the <propmale> county fairgrounds 8 a m  to 1 p m  for more info contact the extension office @ 845-7517"
"for all you single ladies who are in such a hurry to get married, heres a quick piece of biblical advice: <propfemale> patiently waited for her mate boaz  while waiting on your boaz don't settle for any of his relatives: brokeaz, poaz, lyinaz, cheatinaz, dumbaz, cheapaz, lockedupaz goodfornothinaz,… lazyaz or marriedaz and especially his third cousin beatinyoaz  please, wait on your boaz & make sure he respects yoaz"
"remember <propmale>, pike, & hempstead county residents that pesticide collection is today @ <propmale> county fairgrounds form 8-1"
thank you lord for good news!!
so glad not to be riding anymore
"god <propmale> me the senility to forget the people i never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones i do and the eyesight to know the difference "
"fact! heat makes objects e playful and   so there you have it, i'm not overweight i'm just hot!!"
she who laughs last thinks the slowest 
to invent you need an imagination and a good pile of junk  --<propfirst> <propmale>
woo pig sooie!!!!
please lord let this weather or cooler weather stay through my county fair next week 
i love county fair???!!!
"livestock shows done   check, sale order done   check, 36 hours away from the happy happy joy joy dance!"
i want to thank everyone for their prayers & condolences  iknow that my granny's quality of life is better now than it was here
"finally home what an exhausting last 5 days mentally, physically, & emotionally   my granny looked beautiful & at peace "
