2c5a0193a0a2ce1ffe6eff5c12a8e26b
happy new year
my leg hurts why am in so much pain?
"just watched the devils wedding night, boring"
pain isnt fun
"my minds like who? what? where? why? wait a minet, now i remember!!!!!"
<propmale> is there any thing better?
i played dradle (sorry i dont think i spelled that right) today
wow 20 hours since my last post what happens in 20 hours
the date on my pic is wrong i took it like 5 <propfemale> ago
yeah imm the kind of jerk that sends you millions of flair because i love flair points!!!!!!!
and big magnets
world domination and big magnets
imm too shy
stop staring at my buttons!
i've been dead all night since i got home and this morning
its snowing and my fingertips are red!!!!
my house looks like a wintery country wonder land!!!
taks suckkkkks
its weird when you've bin around loudness all day so when you get utter silence its defening 
"imm aalways in pain, now my poison is my head "
being sick
imm sick on sping break
"\sometimes i become spellbound in the middle of wal-mart \"" gess what book this is from and who said it """
still pretty sick
"life is like a box of chacolates you never know what your going to get, exept yours  yours is like a box of grenades now hand over the mind control device!  smile "
"have you ever tried to cross somthing out in highlighter? yeah no that doesnt work, i know, i've tried "
"facebook, because homework is boring "
i hope this week will be a good one i need it 
50+ straight days left of school
its sunday (technicaly)
"you just go ahead and laugh because one day you'll be in your house feeling all safe then you'll look over and i'll be there doin' stuff  -dib, invader zim"
soy <propfemale> muy cansado 
imm magic
chocolate pastel
found a free strea<propfemale>g of interview with the vampire but its makine me wait  54 <propfemale>s because i just watched 74 <propfemale> of the movie 
"reach out and touch faith   your own personal jesus, someone to hear you prayers, someone who's there   your own personal jesus, someone to hear your prayers, someone who cares  when all alone, flesh and bone by the telephone, pick up the reciver, i'll make you a beliver, you know i'm a forgiver "
"did you know these things are real? the comitee for imediate nuclear war, and the order of manly men  realy?"
never ever take someone esles magizine into the bathroom 
take these broken wings and learn to fly again  because people will try to kill two of you with one rock 
"your like a bottle of big big pills, your the one that i should never take but i can't sleep until i devor you  and i'll love you if you let me "
hate is a stong word but love is even stronger 
it is always darkest before <propfemale> 
freakin summer school
"everyone has a path, it's up to you to find it, it's up to love to light it "
"mistakes are mistakes, stupidity is the refusal to see them "
fact of life #500: dio is obsessed with rainbows 
who would like to donate a set of guitar strings to the help me get strings <propfemale>?
its creepy all my friends just logged on!
aparently my first name means - from denmark  i've never even been to denmark
"<propfemale> tired  i'm watching my brother play borderlands because we dont have another controller  general knoxx, its so funny when he talks about his comanding officer "
h p  lovecraft was messsed up in the head   you just can't write stuff like that without being a little crazy 
my life kinda sucks right now 
my mind works in patterns 
what if life were like a video game?
new phone well newish
homework time
good day but gym tired me out   i'm all sore 
soylent green is people!
i feel sick
i hope today will be a good day 
"finally feeling better, i just needed to relax "
i  love  fall  i  love   love  halloween!
i wait for halloween like little kids wait for chirstmas 
video juegos!
chipotlaway!
i don't want to take the psat tomarrow 
pep rallies are boring
giant breakfast borrito and a big mug of <propmale> gray and video games 
it's 3 o'clock
wensday's my birthday
my phone is  broken  sad 
worst weekend ever
stressful life
i'm reading carmilla by j  lefanu
twisted transistor-korn
