dd34bd9407e92fc7694f9500aac16515
feeling lonley): i need hugs
"<propfemale> is sick, she's going blind and went from 55lbs to 79lbs in a couple months): the vet is testing her for valley fever, poor doggy"
hey everybody laugh  today is a great day isn't it?
o o omg lol
"anyone know a place thats hiring? i could really use a new job, at least for the holidays lol"
true peace of heart can only be found in god
i'm feeling depressed): please pray for me
"hey everyone, i've started cleaning people's houses apartments for some extra cash, if you know anyone who needs it, send me a message (; lol"
"i wish everyone a happy easter! i'm so lucky to have you all as friends  smile  wish me luck on my first day of training tomorrow for my new job, i'm a little nervous   playful "
"hey everyone, training went well, i'm certified in cpr and the heimliche manuever for adults, children, and infants, and i know what to do incase someone is electrocuted, poisoned, has a heart attack, a stroke, has hypothermia, heat exhaustion, diabetes, seizures, or burned (and why its a bad idea to rub butter on it playful ), so if you're ever dying, maybe ill help ya out haha"
"tomorrow i get to go to a group home and shadow    still unsure which position i'm going to take, registry is available, but i'm not sure it will work out     thanks for the support   smile "
"feeling melencholic today )-,: , please don't ask why, hugs and prayers are appreciated though         anyways, i got a call from a neighbor who's going to pay me to pet sit, and a friend i loaned money to gets paid this friday so he's going to pay me some back   yay for the money lol  don't tell, but i might bake them some cookies  smile  shhhhh "
still feeling sad):     and lonely     
"so  i'm thinkin of working the overnight shifts on the wknd  99% of the time nothing happens during the shift  i'd have an hr of cleaning, and the rest of the night would be mine, so for the most part i'd get paid to sleep lol  my dream come true! i still want to work the weekdays, so i'd get full time work benefits too, and it wouldn't get in the way of school  smile  what do ya'll think, is it too much?"
"i just watched a movie about the original tale of \the little mermaid\"" by <propmale> christian <propmale>  its so sad):"""
"went hiking at <propfemale> canyon, a poor little kid fell down a crevice and there were cops and firemen everywhere  surprise , we talked to the parents though, and he was ok playful , and now to a d-backs game, nice to relax after a fun filled week of work and school lol  woo, go <propfemale> backs!"
we lost the game last night ):
"\a woman's heart should be so hidden in christ that a man should have to seek him first to find her\"""""
"looking foreward to girls night after training  laugh  are we still going to make a movie, or just watch one? haha"
<propfirst> died this morning             
"soooooo stressed out     why did i have to get hired this month? between preparing for finals and training all day everyday, and a bunch of personal stuff going on, i'm ready to snap!"
"why is it that things have a way of never working out, or being extremely difficult and still not being exactly what you want    this month has been a nightmare  laugh  i want a do over please!"
"\god doesn't require us to succeed; he only requires that you try \"" -mother <propfemale>"""
not doing so good      
"integrity is a belief system without faltering no matter how dangerous, how unpopular the person makes themselves to others  it includes: sincerity, keeping one's word and agreements, honesty, truthfulness, ethics, fairness and justice, punctuality and never faltering for what one believes in  its doing the right thing, even when no one else is looking "
"do you ever have those moments where, you meet some1 who has just as much enthusiasm as you do about a certain subject, and the mor enthused you get about it, the more enthused the other person gets, giving you both an adrenaline rush, until you get to the point where you're just patting eachother on the back and exuberating your excitment that someone actually thinks like u? lol, i had one of those moments today playful "
"feeling lonley      this has been an awful month, i can't wait for it to be over  *clink* here's to may!"
just finished my online final       hope i don't fail  laugh  if i don't get at least a 76% on it i fail the whole class    that would stink so bad since i have an a so far lol 
"i passed final with an 88, i have an a in the class  laugh  now if i could just get thru my other 3 finals     *gulp* lol"
"omg! i found a pizza place that serves vegan pizza  laugh  !!! they deliver too, but its in downtown phoenix     lol, but they serve vegan pizza!!!!"
ughhh     i think i'm coming down with something    not feeling so awsome today  
"sojourn care went out of business ): last day is this friday  my 3 year old nephew got 2nd degree burns on his bottom when a guy who was detailing his moms car spilled a chemical on the baby carseat   poor havoc ): she's suing  still have to pick up my money from my client, finish onsite training and study for my last final tomorrow   wish me luck, the stress never ends lol "
"    i like it on my bed, on the bedroom floor, or on the kitchen table   smile "
"ok <propfemale>, i weighed myself today, and i've lost 7 lbs since last month     since i've been eating the same, but haven't had time to workout, i'm presuming that i lost 7 lbs in muscle mass    ugh, gonna try to put the weight back on at the gym "
\kind words can be short and easy to speak," but their echoes are truly endless  \""\"dd34bd9407e92fc7694f9500aac16515,"brighten up someone's day tomorrow by giving a friend a complement, giving a stranger a friendly smile, or offering someone a kind gesture  laugh  hope ya'll had a wonderful wednsday lol "
"another fine day at work, the girls were a little fussy though   smile "
"looking for a second job, going to call hospitals to find pt's to shadow, and class starts in a week, so if i don't respond to messages or don't want to <propfemale> out as much, this is why, hope you all had a great weekend  smile     and happy birthday <propfemale>, in case i miss you on tuesday (;"
"so, went to chakra organics for dinner the other night  i was checkin out their website when i noticed that they offer free <propfemale> clearings    <propfemale> clearings?! what is that? apperently you need to clean your <propfemale> 1-2x per year otherwise toxic emotions and negative energy build up a and harsh your mellow what?! i've never cleared my <propfemale>, how emberessing, i've been walking around all this time with a dirty <propfemale>!"
"so the average salary for physical therapy assistants in texas is $68,000-$75,000    hmmm    how is the weather in tx? lol"
i hope everyone had a great weekend  smile 
"don't buy non-organic bannanas!!! banana plantations use 10 times the pesticides, herbacides, fungicides, nematicides, ect that is considered acceptable, which causes the workers (many of them as young as 8 yrs old) to develop kidney failure, brain tumors, skin, bone, and eye problems, and cancer  the families live below poverty level, and workers are threatened with violence if they try to get conditions changed"
"went to the farmers market for the first time, it was pretty cool  smile  i love my fruit! 1 50 lb for organic peaches and apples!!  laugh  hurrah, heaven on earth lol "
"can't sleep    ): air conditioning has been out for a few days, and i offered to let my folks sleep in my room since i'm the only one who has air   and they have to work tomorrow, i miss my bed ): zzzzzzzzz"
anyone have any tips on cooking meatballs in a crockpot? i want to slow cook some meatballs in a homemade marinara sauce for my spagetti this weekend mmmm( smile 
i worked 12 hours today  smile         i don't know why people think its so hard     *yawns*        i'm totally awake          *starts to nod off*         it wasn't so bad     zzzzzzzz
"soooo, if you were getting a house in az, what neighborhoods would you recommend? ie   close to good schools, natural food stores, gyms, free way, family oriented, ect "
hope everyone had a wonderful 3 day weekend (-: *hugs*
today has been soooooo stressful ): i need a hug
"oh friday, why can't you come visit me sooner??? i'd like to see you more often than once a week   and your friends saturday and sunday are always welcome too  we'll have a grand ole time!"
"goin car shopping this weekend  i can get up to half off on the hail storm sale, plus i have cash so i should get a screamin deal (;"
soooo     i got laid off today ):      this makes me sad
"special needs people aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want: to\be accepted  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this and\leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education\week, and this is in honor of all people made in a unique way "
love is patient love is kind  it does not envy it does not boast it is not proud  it is not rude it is not self-seeking it is not easily angered it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  it always protects always trusts always hopes always perseveres  love never fails  and now these 3 remain: faith hope and love  but the greatest of these is love  - 1 corinthians 13:4-13
feeling melancholic today   
"ok     i'm not sure why all these stupid apps keep popping up on my wall, but i think i've stopped it lol"
"so far the new year isn't starting out well,      i hope this isn't a bad omen lol"
"a few verses to get everyone through the new year ( annoyed \<propmale> 30:17 \but i will restore you to health and heal your wounds","\"" declares the lord \"dd34bd9407e92fc7694f9500aac16515,"why do they put braille dots on the keypad of the drive up atm?\why are flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?\why do they steralize the needles for lethal injections?\why does your nose run and your feet smell?"
"feel lonley tonight ): or maybe just sad? idk, its one of those things where i'm sad and i want to someone to be with me tonight, but i don't want to talk about why i'm sad to anyone, does that make sense? lol"
"had a delicious lunch at wildflower, thanks again <propfirst>! (o:"
"why is it that when you go out of your way to try to help someone, they take advantage of your kindness, and treat you like crap, or even stab you in the back? this seems to be a reocurring theme in my life    "
had fun shopping with <propfemale>  smile 
"soooo, the big question of the month, who is celebrating single's awareness day this 14th?  playful "
"5 days until my birthday!  laugh  its the only time of the year thats about me lol  of course most of my gift getting will be in the form of a bridesmaid dress for my sis's wedding  laugh  lol  i'm going to the salon to get my haircut, then shopping with the rest of my gift card lol  go me!"
"i must have eaten something yesterday, woke up at midnight with a headache and again at 2am and puked x x couldn't sleep after that, so i went to the gym and thn slept the next 4 hours lol  made dinner for everyone and chilled with <propmale> for a little bit, i'm glad everything turned out ok after miss brown blew up at you for sending flowers to her  laugh  you deserve to be with someone who loves you back  smile "
"my birthday is tomorrow, yay!  laugh "
"anyone who knows someone who has had cancer, should check this documentary out, very interesting  its called \the beautiful truth\""  \",dd34bd9407e92fc7694f9500aac16515,thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  laugh  *love*
"my mom asked me to make something healthy for dinner, so tonight i'm making a grilled veggie sandwich on focaccia bread, topped with lemon-garlic mayo and homemade sundried tomatos, a spinach pasta salad with freshly made pesto, and a fruit salad  yum!  smile "
"now, i'm going to make oatmeal raisin cookies!  laugh  yum!"
taxes are done and i'm getting $700 back! wooo! thank you god! lol
hey <propfemale>? are you busy tomorrow?
"i'm in a dilema, i'm all dressed up and nowhere to go  smile  anybody want to chill for a couple hours tonight?"
i want to apoligize to everyone or anyone i've ever hurt because of something i said or did or was not there when i was needed most  i love you guys!  love 
"do you remember the scene in the matrix where morpheus presents neo with a red pill and a blue pill? on one hand neo could learn the truth, but has to face the unknown, on the other he can live his happy go lucky life, but has to live with knowing he turned his back on the possible truth of reality  continue reading   "
stilllll sick ):
