a784c9bc25b920934d1ac0f4d4934575
wow im glad thats over
testing is almost over
that hard shit has gone to my head man
taha that is some old shit you got right there man lol
graduation on thursday!!!!!! wooo hoo
god taha no offense i hate this picture
finally done with high school!!! graduated
 smile  happier days for the class of 2009
what a kick ass party last night
rissh that was a horrible match at the bash
4th of july coming!! kobayashi is going to die
wants to find the true feeling of summer
im pretty up set right now at certain people
the summer is going by so fast
is anxious about going to bklyn next month
going to get some food
my hillbilly neighbors listening to rap lol hahaha
my mind going in several different directions
had a fun time today back to reality tomarrow
hopeing to go to my friends b day party on thursday
"happy birthday <propmale>, finally you turn 15"
my plans for the day have changed drastically
"is doing pretty damn good for himself, but im bored out of my mind"
is in long island soaking up the hot and muggy air around us lol
"sbarros for pizza, nice time even though it rained out on the island, im still having the time of my life in the city that dosent sleep : )"
i really hate my trip badly
i just really met my father for the first time!
get to go back to ithaca tomarrow :  )
back in boring ass ithaca! i hope i don't hit a redneck with my bike lol
school in 11 days : ) wow
a nice day at buttermilk falls  an ending to a perfect day
is really confused
the weather is either nice or the nice breeze from the fan is making it feel that way
lots of new and exciting things are  happening in my life :  )
why is it so cold outside and its  only september?
go giants!!!! i think they will win the superbowl again
"i will get some sleep in a few so yeah, hope you do the same"
i'm waiting for my english class and i have a sore throat  maybe this wasen't a good idea from the start lol
maybe for the fundraising i think we should have some kind of a cake walk for our club
hope everyone is having a good time in there first year of college never give up when times get rough 
getting over a really bad cold and still go to class
giants win!!!!!! i hate the cowboys      giants are going all the way this year i can feel it  (2-0) baby!
is pulling an all nighter to finish his homework
why is it so chilly outside? jeez these are times when you just hate ithaca
giants win again!!! 3-0
"this is the first time ive seen the new york football teams first place in there divisions!! whoop whoop!!!! go new york, i knew you had it in you"
canarsie lost it's luster
lets go giants! 4-0 start good job
just got done watching this really funny video on youtube
is in a new york state of mind
it looks like another cloudy day in upstate new york ugh!!!!
finally a nice day in the middle of nowhere
is pissed off
"back to school,back to school, to prove dada im not a fool"
??????
another chilly day in upstate ny there saying theres a good <propmale> for snow tonight
waiting for my class that starts at 2 surprise 0 pm  it has been really boring so far today
this is my last message ever     cya later
take me to your leader!!!
wazzzzzzzzzzzzzz uppppppppppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
confidence is the key to life
waiting for my class that starts at 2
has a cold   god i hope i don't have the swine flu
go yankeees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! world series!!!!
"i hope i feel better tomarrow, sick and  tired of this b s!!!!!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pjwyggh1jqs
dosen't know what he's doing for halloween yet 
still hasen't figured out what he wants to be for halloween yet
will the pain ever go away!!!!!!!!!!!
yankees win again!!! one more win and they get the world series title!!!! wohooooooooooo!!!!!
no <propmale> in hell!!!!
wtf
"when you got a hometown team that is about to become a world champion, then you know you got something special  go yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
they win the world series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! holy shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
doses not have a good feeling about this
can't stand his mother and sister  help me!!!!!!!
just chillen
"\do you feel lucky   i said do you feel lucky  do yeah  punk!!!!"""
im finally done for the day!
wishes he was in brooklyn right now
is it that time of year already?
im not the best at speechs but it was required for me to do one  to add insult to injury i had two visitors in the class and unfortunetly im like there neighbors so it turned out to be pretty bad  i got it out of the way!!!!
the end has finally arrived!
ugh!
giants win!!!!! 6-4
if anyone wants do something on thanksgiving or do something during the week im available
turkey day 2 days away : )
is watching the parade
is surprised that there hasent been much snow
football is totally rigged  i still have faith in the giants 
wow 2009 is almost over already
<propfirst> cowboys vs new york giants  go giants!!!!!
so far everything is going to plan  just to let you all know cowboys suck!!!
i just heard from an unlikely source that <propfirst> <propmale> and matsui are not playing for the yankees next season  sad 
is finishing up his final project
last weekend before finals
jamming on the guitar with friends and playing halo 3= awsome weekend!!!!
could football get any worse?
finished his final project!!!!
chirstmas is 10 days away!!!!
chirstmas is 9 days away!!!!!!
chirstmas is 8 days away!!!!!!
is done with final exams!!!
one week to go
is planning on going to the city sometime during vacation
i believe that it's 6 days now
5 days!!!!
4 more days!!!!
3 days left!!
hope you all have the merriest christmas
no comment
is going to new york
i'm back!!!!
i'm home!!
it's already getting boring as hell up here
whenever a new york team wins a playoff game dosen't matter what sport it is you just have to feel proud to be from new york
apparently the 450th episode of the simpsons will be on tonight
what a horrible ending to a great game
i'm craving for some carvel ice cream
for once i would like to see a team as underated as the jets winning the super bowl
jelly bean farmer!!
jets will be playing chargers on sunday   go jets!!!!
i hate how everyone likes five guys so much  when you think about it it's just another fast food joint 
it's very werid how the grade system works while your in your first semester of college    very werid!!
god damn tourist!!!
the jets win!!!!
"going back to classes in 2 days, oh boy!"
all packed up for classes tomarrow   bring it!!
"felt like such a long day, those professors can talk for hours!"
can't wait for this day to end
wants to see the jets making it all the way this weekend
jets are totally going to pull off an upset tomarrow  go jets!!!!
they sack manning!! go jets!!!
"jets up 7 to 3, go jets!!"
is happy that the jets made it to the afc title game even though they lost   nice try
were always getting crap from the west coast including the weather  sad 
had a great day and now it's time to relax
i hate the fact that my birthday is on a sunday which might ultimately screw my travel plans
2 consecutive great days   lets make it 3
weather up here sucks
colts vs saints next week  prepare to not care!!!
happy birthday mom
had a pretty cool day but now it's back to the same old stuff     day was good while it lasted
where did this snow come from? who knows!
is going crazy! super bowl sunday is coming up
is excited about the super bowl
spring training is coming
it's cold as hell out there
theres snow everywhere!
"witnessed a pretty big fire earlier at the sunoco gas station , you could hear poping sounds as the mini <propfirst> was ablaze     pretty scary!!!!"
wish yesterday never ended
watched the all-star game and i was very impressed at what both teams put up
just another day
hopes the warm weather will come soon
thought it wouldn't happen but    it happened and thank god it did  smile 
 sad 
waiting for a plane to be boarded  freaking delayed for like 2 hours  sad 
loves the weather down in texas  smile 
 sad 
thanks for all the birthday wishes : )
2 out of my 3 classes cancelled today  laugh   just what the doctor ordered
going through some difficult times  sad 
if anyones watching the lakers game there seeing an ass whippin done by the most unlikely opponent  if the thunder are playing this good now wait a few more years    they will be unstopable!
we already see enough snow during the winter what makes you think we want to see the damn pretty stuff now    we want spring!
"get out and enjoy this weather, to nice to stay indoors"
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
it's been almost 30 years since the shining came out and there not making a 30th anniversery edition dvd with awsome bonus features    that is just not right
the calender says it's may but it sure dosent feel like may
rip dio
playin some good ol boxhead 2 play
this time 30 years ago people were going to the movies to see the shining
sooooooo damn hot out
1 month till the fourth of july  smile 
it's been a summer of twist and turns
swimming and sandwhichs    great combo
weathers gonna be nice this weekend   lets go swimming  smile 
"is watching the yankees game, looks like another win for the bronx bombers  smile "
i don't feel very good
"yankees, you've had a great season  laugh "
is not having fun doing his two research papers  sad 
"jfk got shot this day 47 years ago, rip jfk"
to all of you have an awsome thanksgiving  laugh 
just thinking about the shoppers misery before the store opens is down right funny
only one more paper to go then studying for finals
"cartman-do you like fish sticks?\\kanye west-love em!\\cartman-what are you a gay fish?!!"
watching eight crazy nights
i am offically done with all my papers     fuck yes!!
wishes his life were a 50s commercial
"<propfirst> farley, you were a funny basterd   rip"
going to to my dads thursday   
can't wait to be back in canarsie!
i probably just saw the most crazy disturbing film ive ever seen in my life
egg cream=awsomeness
i have these little austrian cookies and as i was taking em out i thought hmmm why not crushem and put them in my already awsome egg cream   turned it from good to great
"jets vs packers superbowl 45, it's gonna happen"
ithaca=frozen tundra  sad 
da bears!!!
come on jets!
wtf!!! dude    wtf!!!! football is soooooo fixed
r i p uncle <propfirst>
just purchased my books for the upcoming semester
omfg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday mom!!!  laugh 
there pros and cons to living in ithaca  see a lot more cons then pros    i want to get outta here
some kid asked everyone on the bus to find his vagina    for the whole bus ride!!! fucking annoying ass kid
the internet up at <propmale> is fast like a cheetah
happy valentines day!
"what should i do, what should i do     "
i miss being at my dads house even though the neighborhood sucks donkey balls
did you know it takes roughly 300 cans of dr pepper to kill someone if there 180 pounds   i would assume those cans would have to be drunk consecutively
considering a trip to my dads for spring break
i love the snow but i hate the cold
"i always wondered why facebook ask people to post whats on there mind, facebook, you do not want to know whats on my mind right now     "
wants some damn bubble tea now!
dude i'm totally in love
last day as a teen   man how time flys by
thank you for the wishes
i want heat now!
chillin at gimmie
taking a day off from school  laugh 
lets go rangers!!!
gotta do a presentation today and im not ready   fml
caps got lucky end of story
english is sooooo fucking boring
"rangers better win today, if they don't my mom will go crazy"
hates his last name
the weather is about to get pretty nasty soon   it don't look good outside and we gots a tornado warning
this is perfect weather i mean really not hot nor cold   josh likey!!  laugh 
big car accident on the way home from tc3
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo humid outside     
english can suck it!! waste of my damn time and energy
i wish this type of weather last forever
that storm had my adrenaline pumping last night
food for thought   don't be so quick to judge others
they shot off the fireworks maybe about 100 feet from us and they e playful loded over our heads   soooooooo loud
happy 4th to you all
using the <propfirst> pesci soundboard to screw with people at <propmale> lib
hot as hell outside
some nut job at first dam had to ruin it for everyone   it only takes one person   fml 
i can't stand this heat    o   m   f  g!!!!! what the fuck     screw this!!!
anyone wanna hangout today?
i see that a lot of people still got a lot of growing up to do idk just saying   (shakes his head)
this happens to be the most interesting weekend in possibly my whole life
