74bcc8cc2711ff0ca8c366217ccd7e23
"facebook e playful eriment--if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you   smile "
"we, the willing, led by the unknowing, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful  we have now done so much for so long with so little, we are now capable of doing anything with nothing"
"sleep  six-shooter pistols, tomahawk throwing, and potato gun shooting   sounds like a good time to me "
at the airport    back to fort huachuca 
"when you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and <propfemale> on  - <propmale> d  <propmale>"
"\well either <propmale> here has a lightbulb up his ass or his colon had a bright idea\"" - scrubs"""
"right now a united states military member is missing their family while protecting yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are saving, giving and losing lives  it's military appreciation week    repost if you are military, love a military member, or have memories of a fallen hero or just appreciate our military"
66th anniversary of d-day in world war 2 today  thank you veterans 
'you just did a double <propmale> fist pump to <propmale> englasias'
promoted to e2 and certificate  woo!
likes being kick ass at kickin ass
"\wait!  it gets better!  that's just in the woods!\"""""
28 days till bootcamp
helloooo san antoniooo!  wink 
"taking a bubble bath in a jacuzzi tub and a shower in a steambox shower all in one night, because i can   this place is sooooo freakin awesome"
massage in an hour  smile 
ugh   wish i could just shut my mind offfff 
"nothing comes easy   3 words   work, determination, and hope "
hoooolllyyyy freckles   oh boy 
"when you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and <propfemale> on   - <propmale> d  <propmale>"
anyone ever wonder why the dentist always wants to have a conversation with you when they're working on your teeth?
mind is going a million <propmale> per hour again  ugh 
chicago here i come!  woo!  laugh !!!
at the airport!
boarding the plane to chicago!  ahhhh!  smile   smile   smile 
out of the chicago airport! taxi time!
ahhhhh can't sleep!   smile   smile   smile  !!!!
leaving for bootcamp graduation!! aaahhhhhh!!!!!   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
congratulations <propfirst>!!! so proud of you!!!
"fliight back home was originally 9:40  theyve switched my gate twice, delayed it to 11:18pm, whats next?"
"rush hour traffic, 3 flight gate changes, 4 flight delays, an hour drive home after landing 3 hours past your original time  every second of it was worth it  wish i coulda stayed longer "
finally back in pittsburgh  good but bad  ugh 
"\what is he   no   no   no!!!!\""  \""yes!!!! he so just did that!\"""""
3 days till boot camp
"tomorrow, staying over night in pittsburgh at the 911th airbase   tuesday, goodbye <propfemale>, hello boot camp!"
at the sheraton  staying here over night  wake up 4am tomorrow  federal building  fly out to boot camp  call or text while you can
uso at the <propfemale> airport   next flight to boot camp   call or text while you can  smile 
in boot camp  see everyone in a few months 
just graduated boot camp!  text  smile 
100% on my first test  smile  lovin army life  text  wink 
i swear by the beard of zeus i will kick you square in the throat
"i'm gonna show 'em what a little girl's made of, gunpowder and lead"
phone is workin again!  and home tomorrow!  smile 
getting on my first flight   home in a few hours!  ahhhhh  smile 
on my flight home  so close!
home sweet home! just landed in pittsburgh! text!
feels so good to be home for awhile   surprised my little sister at school and pens game tonight  smile 
oh boy   starting to look at college stuff for when i'm outta fort huachuca 
lookin at iup and penn state main campus 
anybody awake?
shopette soon 
ugh   
its bad that the latest time i've set my alarm to wake up is 4 smile 0 in the morning  yay
ergh   gonna be a long night   
ergh   mixed emotions 
"eh, whatever   buffalo wild wings tonight   cell's good!"
"in order to rise and succeed, you must fall at one point "
"60:120's kicked my ass today   good pt   class, then dunno "
cant seem to wake myself up today
wiped ouuttttt   text 
got mind raped by that test  holy shit 
"years go by and time just seems to fly, but the memories remain "
