b2438d1f08205f5225e65d6dd5ae289b
i tried sushi before the new year   
happy new year! 2011!
i'm so happy i got a facebook!
ahhhhh! i'm 13 now! it feels so wierd!
too much homework!!
i was so happy to see jarraka!
so tired!  sad 
so upset and frustrated!  sad 
going to milwaukee! hope everyone has a good day!  smile 
hopefully we have a snowday tomorrow i have so much homework to catch up on!  smile  cross your fingers
finally another snow day!  smile  so happy!!!
"so sad sad  but happy at the same time, for a different reason!"
the dance was so fun!!!! laugh 
going to marquette!!! smile  see everyone later
i'm finally home!!! after 750 <propmale> of riding in the car!!!! smile 
such a flashback!! my dad is recording magic school bus for some friends in marquette!  smile 
upset                      
so glad it's the weekend! this horrible week kept dragging on and on        
just fell in a chair and fliped backward    random  smile 
"going 2 janesville, getting a new hamster             any suggestions on names!!  smile "
just had an almost perfect day    i loved it!!!  smile 
no school!!! but of course my luck i'm sick 
the end of a perfect day!!! i just hope tomorrow can be as amazing as today was!!  smile 
out of the blue all the water in our house is yellow   we don't know what it is   i have horrible luck again and of course my mom was doing the laundry with my white church clothes in the wash when everything turned yellow   sad 
yay!!!  smile  we got a new well but we can't use the water yet!!  sad 
going 2 a friend's house then going 2 see a movie        can't wait!!!!  smile 
"<propfirst>, i'm sorry i was tired but you didn't have to put whipped cream on my face!!!!"
had a pretty good day! i love the weather so much right now   it feels so good!  smile  excited to see <propfemale> soon less than 5 days!! so happy  smile 
i had an amazing and funny day!  smile  i hope s&e goes well! excited to see <propfemale> in less than 3 days!  laugh 
"such a wierd and wonderful day!  smile  solo and ensemble went great  got a gold! right before s&e my dad tried to hold my hamster and he jumped on the floor for a few hours and we found him later, with a pile of food under a cabinet  then i was running in the halls of school (i know bad choice) and a door opened and i smashed into it not seeing it and my arm still hurts to move it     altogether it turned out ok!  laugh "
my arm wrist still hurts extremly bad from yesterday    sad  i hope it gets better! the wierd thing is <propmale> hurt his wrist yesterday too!
my arm is still hurting so bad   i don't know if its just a bruise or something worse anyway an ok day but the weather was amazing and getting to see <propfemale> and making so cookies!!!  smile 
ok my arm isn't broken or anything like that   so i'm glad but what i do have could be painful for another month and last for six months
the one time i forget to put the top on the blender when i was making a smoothie it sprays all over me and the kitchen   wow  smile 
"its feels good today, the feeling where everything is right with the world    smile "
"nervous, after a long and fun spring break, for the it to pass   i hope it does or brodhead could loose a lot  sad "
oh no it didn't pass    what will happen now  sad 
i feeling like everyone is against me   even if i know it is not true  sad 
is tastee creme really open??
it's just one of those weeks where it already should be friday   and one of those days you just wanna hide because you feel so lost   
what a day at a wedding my dad is taking wedding pictures and the bridal party is so funny     and txting somebody    smile 
"wow track was so funny   i so epically failed on hurdles and <propfirst> long beat me because i tripped 4 times on only a few hurdles, it was a great way to end practice, and i kept going the wrong way on high jump even though i cleared it perfectly the first times today but idk y    and i was drinking water from <propfirst>'s water bottle and she decided to tip it on my face and dump it down my face and back lol!!!  laugh "
ok i am happy about track cause i cleared opening jump   oh yeah    but i am so mad right now becuase all of a sudden i wanted to take a picture and my camera screen is broken from the inside    grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!  sad 
wow i knew it was a bad day but one foot out of place on the track hurts so bad    and i had to ride my bike home with cuts on both my arms and legs owwwww!!!!!  sad  but thanks harli for helping me when i fell  smile 
is excited for the dance smile  but my legs and arm still sting like crazy  sad 
"i honestly think today was the best day ever - so much friend time, no classes in school, mr  urness taped to the blechers, mr  young giving a makeover, and of course the dance  i think i danced to whole time with all my friends   i loved today!!!!! even though my knee still hurts like crazy  laugh "
fun day with jarraka and with klaudia for some time    then 2 the grand march for prom  smile 
i wanted to say happy birthday to my awesome sister <propfemale> schoeller and that i love you soooooooooo much  laugh 
so stressed about the indian project            agggggggghhhhhhh
"the mile tomorrow and the project due   just have to get past that and i get to go camping, canoeing (if i don't fall out again), archery, horseback riding            can't wait"
can't wait for camp today    hope i don't get hurt even more than i already am   or tip over the canoe!!!  laugh 
i loved camp  smile     i would go again anytime   cept for the food and no camp fire    sad 
the weather is great   and i have nothing to do cause i can't leave the house    grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
dream as if you'll live forever  live as if you'll die today   <propfirst> <propfirst>
awww i can't wait for tomorrow   i get to be with my besties so excited!!!  smile 
today the day for play 60 and i can't wait   i hope we have fun  laugh 
just got back from green bay   it was an amazing day !!!!!!!!it was a once and a life time <propmale> so i tired to enjoy it  laugh 
everyone is right about the movie avatar it is so amazing   i love it  smile 
"\a real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out \"" \",b243 laugh 1f08205f5225e65d6dd5ae289b,happy mother's day!!  love 
homework one of the most dreaded things in life
i hate when you do sit ups for gym class testing it hurts to move the next day
grr i don't feel good  the weather is rainy and it doesn't help but i still can't wait to see <propfemale>  love 
it feels so wierd being home during school but going 2 minnesota i get to see my sis graduate so excited and hopefully have an amazing weekend  smile 
it's only monday and it feels like friday!!!! i am so nervous for tomorrow high jump and hurdles at confrence   i am lucky to be in confrence but wish me luck ahhh!!!
is it just me or did this year seem like this year is going so fast and is almost half way gone   and only 3 weeks more of school
i don't know what to do            
theres nothing to do ummm come up with some random thing to do     idk what though  smile 
tomorrow 90 degrees oh yeah
yay!!!  laugh  i just ordered my new ipod!!!  smile 
feelin light headed all day   bed early tonite    maybe if the stupid bugs get out of my window and don't make me sleep downstairs tonite
just one day    friday    until school week is over but it still seems so long
aww so much fun last nite i loved it      
i never relized how much sunburn hurt until i got it ahhhh it hurts ( but i had fun outside)  laugh  and the trampoline accident owww
good weekend and hopefully a good week we'll see i guess  smile 
got my new ipod and my camera is working again  laugh  but i can't really get anything on it cause itunes is not being nice  sad 
the dance was fun not as fun as some of the other ones but last day of accual school so only 2 days left   won a free yearbook but i already bought one so im giving it to <propfemale> and kaitlyn    my brothers birthday today and his graduation sunday and <propfemale> and <propfirst> coming to our house for the weekend and will see a lot of cousins and excited for the weekend to start!!  smile 
went to texas road house   yumm cept i couldnt even eat two bites and setting up for grad party  laugh 
finally last day of school tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"yesterday is a memory  \tomorrow is a mystery  \today is a gift  \that’s why they call it the present "
out of school    if only i could grasp it!!
stayed at <propfemale> and <propfemale>'s house on the first day of summer and got so freaked out by a movie    u could probably hear me screaming all the way to my own house and probably <propfemale> out with harli and jarraka at <propmale> park  laugh 
"just made a blueberry, bananananana, and strawberry smoothie that tastes so great  smile "
my lazy day    
i am now a clubsy dork according to my brother but only because i broke a light bulb and fell off a chair into a wall woooowwwwwww im smart
hanging with harli then off to milwaukee
sorry i couldn't come <propfirst> i hope u have fun but im painting my room on saturday so i have a lot to do
so bored anyone wanna <propfemale> out
"if today was my last day on earth, would you treat me any different then you do now?  you never know when someones words will be there last "
gonna <propfemale> with <propfemale>  laugh 
getting spacers today aghh
having klaudia stay over it will be fun  laugh 
an amazing day outdoor service   amazing seeing everyone  got drenched in the rain and in water ballons and still a little wet now but i don't care because today was one of my favorite days ever  laugh 
2 more days               
"the first personto like this status, i will \change my last name to theirs for a week!copy and paste this to your\ status to find out who's last name you get "
"tomorrow braces, maybe shop a little, and try to see eclipse but i don't know if that will work yet        ill find out  smile "
thank u <propfemale> and <propfemale> for an awesome day   i'm gonna miss u so much when u go to florida  i can't wait to see you again in august! i'll miss u so much! have fun in florida  laugh 
just got braces and now i look like a dork
owwwww my mouth hurts so bad and i can't eat anything    i really don't like braces so far but i know i will be happy i got them eventually
i really hate that i can't eat anything solid     stupid braces i wish they could let me eat  sad  grrrrrrrr
going to a wedding helping my dad with photography should be fun  laugh 
the 4th was great and today we are having ribs hahahaha <propfirst> u don't get them!!!!
so bored anyone wanna <propfemale> out??
babysitting <propfemale> with klaudia like i have been for the past 3 days and get to babysit later too  smile 
i really don't think i feel well today
is still tired and doesn't feel good
just talked to <propfemale> schoeller on skype and it made my day  love  love ya sis
at a wedding and that is only the start of a crazy busy week
can't wait for the day to really start get to have an awesome week away from my family in iowa
 smile 
favorite quote from today from jarrakas mom: you are not even trying to bowl! jarraka: yes i am im just that bad! ( she was so happy she beat 30 points)
babysat and <propmale> out with <propfemale> miller and went swimming     a fun day altogether
im so bored
"like my status and i will tell you a like, dislike, confession, and first impression about you  laugh "
just <propmale> out with <propfemale>  smile 
chinese food again               indecision 
saw i falling <propfemale> last night
just got my braces resized and i have a headache and i can't eat at the moment         sad 
yay!!! im so happy  smile )))
i got a phone  smile 
bored  sad 
"heads or tails  (<propfemale>) \well i guess thats heads\""  smile """
i'm so confused       
is really tired and confused
just helped mow the lawn and now i'm making dinner for my family  smile 
long day of shopping getting school supplies and clothes im ready to sleep   '-'
ired  
"how\ many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task \for you: i want all my fb friends to comment how you met me  after you \comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses \you'll get  "
i love my sister  smile   love 
to my sis- i feel so lucky to have you i love you 
getting closer and closer to school and i hate it
found my ipod and can't wait for tonight yay!!!!!
having an amazing time with <propfirst> sillin and i really don't wanna leave
at home and i miss st  <propfirst>
there is a snake in our garage
"im so bored, but excited for the wedding tomorrow! can't wait!     smile "
got the rest of my school supplies auth really dont want school to start
im so mad now!  sad 
who knows me the best? first name: ___________ age:____ birthday:___________ eye color:________ nicknames?main best friend? favorite color?  post this to your wall and see who knows you best!!!
nothing has got any better
everything just keeps getting worse  crying 
tomorrow teeth adjustments  sad 
going to applebees  laugh  my luck is starting to turn around
i hate how the last week i have before school i have to spend cleaning  sad 
got my confirmation dress  smile 
had a good day until i got home thanks <propfirst> for ruining that  sad 
"completely\ honest for the next week you can ask me one question (only in my inbox \ that's the rule) any question, no matter what or how crazy  i will \answer no matter what  you have my full honesty  but i dare you to put \this as your status and see what questions you get asked!"
"a very amazing, awesome, and tiring weekend!! surprise visit from <propfemale> and <propfirst>, 50 people we love at our house, moving <propfirst> into college, and visiting aunt, uncle, and kailey and <propmale>  smile  well this weekend was one of the best i've had in a while  laugh "
1 day till school starts  sad  then 3 days till going to detroit  smile 
with <propfemale> and <propfemale> having a good time smile  but was kinda ruined by a call to my mom  crying 
is dreading going to school tomorrow  sad  grrr
the worst first day i have ever had but it wasnt that bad though even though it was very tiring and painful  sad  with homework too  but i hope tomorrow is better
awww i love my sister she makes my day so much brighter  smile 
off to detroit  smile 
still have 5 and a half hours of driving and that is without stopping anywhere  sad 
at california pizza kitchen  smile 
at choir practice yay
go nac!!!  smile   love 
grrr school tomorrow  sad 
after one of the most amazing weekends i'm not surprised i don't want to go back to the reality of school  sad 
"it's      i\ love my sister week: if you have a sister who has made you laugh,wiped \your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble,cheered you\ on, kept you strong, prays for your happiness   then copy and paste \this as your status! i love my sister"
off traveling again yay       not but get to see friends and family though so it makes up for it  smile 
and finally saturday and i have been waiting all week for it and i am sick now       wonderful
first game today  smile 
wow
i dont like today at all
has a feeling today might not be a good day      at all
really dont feel good today but have to go to school anyway  sad 
is mad cause my parents are going to wicked and i cant go grrr        sad 
don't you hate when you are reading a book and you burst out laughing but you can't tell anybody cause they don't get it
don't feel good today but so glad i stayed home
"i wish i was more excited about the game tonight\*over and out*"
very very tired
can i not have one good day at school        
off to the dells     
in the dells with <propfirst> and im glad i have some time with her and its awesome  laugh 
coming back to reality     by dells i will miss you  sad 
school+volleyball game+dance+homework=tiring day
real or not real
i can't think of anything to say on my essay    and i haven't even really started  sad  not good
is finally done with her essay  smile 
getting my braces adjusted today yay    not
friday can you come faster   please  smile 
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, harli, and me talking about random things around a camp fire and <propfemale>'s pokes the fire with a stick and says \die bugs\"" lol"""
<propfemale> is a mexican running while loosing her pants from the carrots that are taking over the world and what is harli doing
"fun night with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and harli and now i'm bored"
anyone else hate when they are bored on saturdays???
this is so hard to believe   it is going to be the middle of october and it is 90 degrees when last year it snowed
"it's\ love mysister week  if you have a sister who made you laugh, wiped your\ tears,hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on,\ andkept you strong, post this  sisters are a promise from god that we \willhave a friend forever  put this on your status if you have \   a   sister you love?"
i thought i was gonna have a good day but so far its not  sad  hopefully it gets better
oh my dad   after i am raking the whole yard i ask him for help and he gets the blower lol  smile 
going to <propmale>    
is completely bored and cant do anything
suddenly really doesnt feel good     sad 
whole family coming home tonight  smile 
bored out of my mind
going to coffee with <propfemale> schoeller then going to help my dad with the last wedding for the season  smile  good day
cant wait to get home because i am past extreme boredom
so tired              
my mom just called me from the downstairs when i am in my room upstairs    well at least she is living in the 21st century now
hopefully a really good weekend   if the weather is nice to us   but looking forward to seeing people i  love   smile 
i hope it doesnt rain anymore today
"<propfirst> <propfirst> \memories are not made in the chicken coop\"""""
was looking forward to dc but can't find a bag that will fit on <propfemale> on   yay  sad 
is the date today real??? cause i am sure i am only imagining that i will be in dc in 2 days     laugh 
is so excited for dc but now the problem is o'hare airport being delayed about 2 days
i never thought i would be this awake at 2 in the morning (<propfirst> says hi)
off to day 2  smile  but feet are already killing me
"is actually really glad she doesnt celebrate halloween because then i can sleep all day, well at least until trick or treaters come"
"i want to say thank god for such a breathtaking weekend, i would want it to happen all over again if i could  smile "
is so tired already   night everybody
oww my mouth hurts so much  sad 
i wish i had as much fun at the dance as other people did   
not having a good night at all  sad 
nothing like making homemade chicken noodle soup on a november day   playful 
why does my mouth still hurt           sad 
doesn't want gym tomorrow  sad 
"wishes today went better   oh well, tomorrow is a new day"
can i just have soup and ice cream for the next year and a half because that would sure make my mouth feel better
no school tomorrow! yes! i really need that  smile 
just made a movie on windows movie maker that took more than 4 hours and when i pressed publish to this computer and its frozen loading  sad  really mad
lost 4 hours of work! im so mad right now     sad 
i hate fighting   
good luck brodhead!
"why cant she just listen to me, we have been fighting about this for weeks  crying "
is sad we didnt find noodles and company cause my mouth really hurts at the moment
my grandpa is talking to the black lab in the car next to us on the road that looks like <propmale> (his old dog)
loves noodles & company
why must i be so clumsy?
what makes a crummy day better   answer skyping with you amazing sister!! i love you <propfemale>!!  smile   love 
go brodhead!!
good job making it to state brodhead!
going to see hp7 can't wait!!
so disappointed
ewwww my dad is so gross
yummm pumpkin price latte on the way to church then muffins and coffee cake at church for thanksgiving service   whats better than that  smile 
had a really awesome but clumsy day (but that happens a lot)
wow my bus is stupid  grrr but i cant let it ruin my week  smile 
at the elementary school doing almost nothing and loving it! cant wait for tomorrow! yay
why doesnt my mom realize the concept of listening to someone other than her own mind
i love thanksgiving dinner so yummy
so much friends and family = so much to be thankful for and more  an amazing thanksgiving!
let the holiday season begin!
cant believe how unbelievably (i dont know how to spell that) stuffed i am right now
seeing <propmale> potter 7   again
awesome night with family  smile      but now very tired
honestly how much homework can they give us when half the school is somewhere else??
its snowing
<propmale> first day of december! its snowing out and freezing out! only 24 days till christmas!
"finally i can be in the christmas mood! there is snow all over the ground, we are going to put up the tree today and drink hot cocoa"
well this day isnt really going as planned  its not good that we cant find a tree stand so we have to probably get a new one  sad 
getting our first real tree!  playful 
why must putting up a tree be such a hard task?  sad 
very long but awesome day today smile  lots of good news! but its still a monday and i'm glad its over for the week 
is hoping today is a really great day!  smile 
sad because klaudia can't come over  sad 
why must there be nothing to do on a saturday  sad  hmmmm
how is everything i say a complaint and i get yelled at for trying to help
wow such amazing driving conditions   in the dark
no church today? so wierd
why does it have to be every day? honestly? isnt my life hard enough and to not even get an ounce of respect?  crying 
kinda hope there is no school
really doesnt wanna go to school
"well monday is over for this week, i hope the rest of the week goes by fast because i cant wait for friday and saturday"
"in a really good mood today  had an ice cream party in chorus, its snowing outside, and its almost friday"
gets to see her brother and sister tomorrow  smile 
dont stop believin why must you be stuck in my head
just had subway breakfast and its awesome
"amazing day with family, i will miss them so much for probably another year but it was so fun!  laugh  hopes  tomorrow goes well cause i dont have the play perfect"
my mom just said tmi   ok then
awesome weekend with tons of awesome quotes and nicknames awww i will remember it forever  laugh 
feels very icky    it sucks cause im so hungry but i am so sacred to eat :[
still not feeling good but going to school today i hope but of course the one day that we have a 2 hour delay is the day i cant fall back asleep
does anyone else think its unreal that christmas is at the end of this week
"spaghetti, an amazing gift from god!"
happy first day of winter!
last day of school for the year!
done with school! let the celebration begin!
we are out looking at christmas lights saying ooh and aah and we kept passing the tree that <propfemale> hates because its a giant pine tree that is only half covered
while caroling we attempted to ring silent night in <propmale>    fail
any tips on getting rid of a sore throat and cold?
coldstone yummyness
why is it everyday i get home my day gets ruined??
zuma is so mean    why can't it let me win just once?? please!
"best quote of the day! \jello is not a vegetable\"" lol"""
trying a pomogranite (spelling?) for the first time  smile  hmmm its good
~merry christmas~  laugh 
thank you god for an amazing christmas day with loving family smile 
wii sports resort is maddening
watching little rascals with family hehe
playing wii <propfirst> cart rox
coming back to the movies with family its always fun making mom grab her panic handle while we go over rollercoaster road 3 times in a row   hehehe  laugh 
such a lazy day! now gonna play <propfirst> cart with my dad and battle for last place!
loves eating at <propfemale>'s house! everytime you come you try things you've never tried before! im drinking real tea from <propfemale> and drinking it like they would too
"on the way to the dentist in janesville, <propfemale> is driving us to beloit! awww i love my family"
i  love  coldstone
im going to miss having all my family home cause i had such a good day with lots of good shopping deals and free coldstone!!
does it make sense to anyone else why its so cold but we have green grass?
"so happy my bus was early for the first time \ smile "
"i love when i can talk to my sister!   love  <propfemale>, you always makes my day better   even if it's a good one already!  smile "
finally tomorrow is friday!
"church, noodles & company, shopping, my favorite ice cream from coldstone, and relaxing watching movies at home = pretty awesome sunday"
and i thought this day couldnt get any worse
fingers crossed on a better day   
homework! homework!! homework!!! and guess what else   ? more homework!!!!
i have been waiting all week for you   friday why couldn't you come sooner
breakfast for lunch
could be doing homework but that is too boring so i get to skype with my awesome cousin <propfirst> sillin
i have had so much coffee today
i need a snow day tomorrow
its snowing so much
tonight made me feel like a little kid playing in the snow
we shouldn't have school  its not fair that some schools got off today and yesterday    not fair
"dear god, please let brodhead have a snow day tomorrow  amen"
 crying 
well at least we have a 2hr delay  thanks god
is having an awesome day    i hope it keeps getting better
i fail at skating
headache+coffee=gross  sad 
why must i keep being called <propfemale> and <propfemale>
i refuse to have a bad day today  no matter what may happen  smile 
"thank you god for letting me have such an amazing day, but only thanks to my friends and family! i love you guys so much! thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile "
an awesome night is only starting
monsters with fabio!
thanks for the awesome night harli schoen! weird day today     ended up in rockford with the wrong day for a grad party  thanks dad! well i got to go to panera!
 sad 
"what an awesome day to play <propfirst> cart on wii and eat bacon, while trying to get over whatever cold fever flu i have  smile  thank god for a snow day"
such a weird snow day  im literaly suck in my room   sad 
seriously   brodhead   no school       unbelievable!
friday smile   love 
cousin movie marathon  smile 
wow! my teeth hurt!  sad 
my bus was early!!!!!!
"copy this on your status, and see what you get in your inbox ( : ?    idk it may come true(;\'gold' - be my valentine?\'red' - i used to like you \'orange' - will you be mine?\'yellow' - i think you're cute \                     'green' - i want to get to know you better \'purple' - i love you \'pink' - i want a kiss"
"fabio schoen, youre my hero!"
can this day get worse for me??
wow little kids go crazy over <propfemale>! its like gum at middle school 
spaghetti  smile 
such a clumsy day!
heyyyy??? got any        grapes?????
 indecision 
i wonder how many times i have dropped my phone today    i don't understand how its still alive through puddles
"wow!!!! thanks mom, she said we had a 2 hour delay when we don't have school!"
only 2 days of school this week!!!
tomorrow please be better than today   thanks
why are days off so boring??
"harli at subway when i'm talking, looking up into the bottom of her glass of water: \its clear!\"""""
happy birthday to my awesome cousin!! hope your day is going better since this morning!
"fun, boring, weird, horrible, awesome, and confusing day "
texas roadhouse
the meaning of life     
officially am having my first shamrock shake!
<propmale> headache   sad  ugh!
i dont get why life is just so confusing
everything happens for a reason  sometimes we never know why 
getting more nervous as the day goes on  why does my solo have to be at the end?
i will find you in my next life and make sure you are doing just that <propfemale>!
needs coffee as a result of the hour of sleep we lost 
finally a (kinda) good week at school!  smile 
i wish i would learn to take my own advice sometimes 
so full! but worth it  got to have dinner at villa with <propfemale> and <propfirst> and parents  smile 
watching home videos  literally cant breathe!  laugh  tip: dont watch home movies when you are full 
quadratic functions??? agh!!
minnesota time!
what is on the menu at duluno's in minnesota
"<propfirst> tasting dad's beer- with a weird look on his face he says, \it tastes like chex cereal when you have it in your mouth for 20 <propfemale>",",2011-03-26 23:55:42"""b243 laugh 1f08205f5225e65d6dd5ae289b,"<propfemale> to <propmale> in car on the way to <propfemale> garden, \guess what year i was born in?\"" <propmale> \""1877!\"" i'm going to miss minnesota!"""
i am so excited right now that i just cut my finger and fell down the stairs     twice
"is finally learning to play the game hearts, i guess it takes being excited about a computer without internet to learn that"
it's friday and the start of april! warm weather please come soon!  smile 
can i go back in time??
my glasses breaking better be the last bad thing that happens today  annoyed 
just keep swimming    
