57caea9607c7c43c76c65857a0c4b53c
can anyone tell me when's city's class of 89' reunion is this month or did i miss it already?
"thank you fb family for all the birthday greetings, i really appreciate it!"
"well, by the grace of god, our trip to <propfemale> is quickly approaching  as a matta of fact, it's n 8 days and i'm sooo lookin forward to what god is going to do when we get there  u talkn bout healns, miracles, n blessins          won't have room enuff 2 receive "
our <propfemale> trip has been postponed til saturday but to god be the <propfemale> cuz he knows all things that's best for us 
"we arrived in <propfemale> about 9pm last night    the flights were excellent and very smooth  we are having a glorious time and enjoying the fellowship with one another   trust all things are well back in the states ; as tomorrow has dawned here, we are wide awake trying to adjust to the  7 hr  time difference "
we truly thank god for his everlasting mercy and grace 
"oh, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!"
what was that? eat all of it u celtics fans!
and wat?
and wat?
"** i blee, blee, blee, that's all folks ** (in my porky pig voice) lol!"
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friends list? here's a task \for you      i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you \comment copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you \get      (this should be funny!)"
just wondering    who remembers mrs  ihries potato chips?
blessed birthday
"(singing) get right with god and do it now  get right with god, he will show u how  trust and obey, there's no other way  get right with god, get right, get right with god!"
"i thank god for seeing the \mess\"" in me and placing \""his best\"" in me to clean me up!"""
"i thank god that happiness is not found in things (whatever those things may be) but happiness is in knowing him \the bible says,\happy is that people whose god is the lord \"""""
"today as i celebrate another year of life; i'm grateful to god for all his lovingkindness, tender mercy,and favor he has shown to me down through the years and i just want to say, \lord i thank you!\"""""
"i want to take this time to thank all my family members and friends for your blessings, well wishes, and greetings on this special day that the lord has made  it really did my heart good to receive all the thoughts and encouragements  thanks again   god bless you all "
"is just getting in from my cousin neka's wedding   it was sooo beautiful   she deserves it cuz she's been through a lot in her life but god has given her a saved young man who cares, loves, and cherishes  her and their daughter and i'm sooooo glad for them  bless you both mr  and mrs  marshburn!"
is thinking how there are so many wonderful benefits that come with serving the lord and everybody wants to enjoy the benefits but no one wants to serve him  hmmmmmm!
"to my sisters to whom i just sent that msg bout going out, please beg my pardon    i definitely meant the 22nd of october "
"someone on facebook challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love jesus and you are not afraid to show it repost this  no fear here!!!"
my grandmother has gone on home to be with the lord  i'm so glad she has moved from labor to reward but one thing for certain   i will surely miss her sooooooooo much  i'll always love you momma!
to all my facebook friends if u all will assist me to win this contest  i would greatly appreciate it    (the shack nd pack friday facebook fan of the week!) go to shackndpack fb <propfemale> and click the 'like' button under the post for <propfemale> prah (no comments please) to help me win  the more 'likes' the better my <propmale>  thank you!
