bbbcd9cc9d14deb1522bf34deff5b618
popesicles!
"all i gotta say is this    or ,maybe it was that    hmmm man im glad im me and not    someone other than me  thats it"
zis is exciting there are animalcules in my toilet water!
dude our swiss cheese has cells its awesome  smile 
two people in two days    i'm thinking the spiders are massing for an invasion quickly fetch me musket and get me a coffee iv stat!
i am enjoying    the comfy chair whilst commiting my mathematical sins
"math can be fun   professor <propmale> brought some interesting <propfirst> to class yesterday  check out usdebtclock org national debt as of 9:10 this morning when i checked it was are you ready? 13,500,871,592,291 059 and climbing! thats 13 5 trillion  the us population is 307,006,550 for every man woman child  which means we are all liable for $43,975 842 this is debt for our children and our children's children "
homework's done brain is dead but its too early to go to bed  my stomach wants to be fed  also friends don't let friends eat 8 layer cassarole 
everyday spent with you is like having a cesarean section!
i am in the market for a good cerberus to watch my house anyone know where to find one these days? jking
honestly i've slightly disappointed i was hoping to divide the houses and create a new house like gryiffinpuff or slytherclaw 
is very happy he went fishing yesterday  smile 
is sad    because i forgot to wear purple this morning    :-u  sad  but i have a purple hat     laugh 
is kind of glad to confirm what i've always know lol 
rain i am enthusiastic about it
is happy
i have an idea   go out and by some round up then proceed to spray your neighbors lawn  come back into your yard and bam you have proven the grass isn't always greener on the other side  smile 
thank you to everyone for wishing me happy birthday and i gotta say it was pretty darn good
wishing for a food synthesizer machine that would be a dream come true! come on 22nd century i'm starving today!
"so pleased that tomorrow is the last day of school   smile  then its on the road again \sing it <propfirst>"
poops man   delay on the uhaul and i'm so tired i feel like my eyes have been pricked with needles  at least its not freezing rain  smile  and school is over from now until next year!
coffee is the life force that allows me to deal with mornings and stray cats in my garbage  thank you coffee
so glad to have moved  smile  yesss! so sad the speakers in my cabinet are dying  sad  noooo!
nothing like living to remind you you're still alive
the test results are in and i don't have to get 13 shots in my stomach so i am happy!
