229a0839a9d8f417dec7229234a893f8
is hardly home but always reppin
made it to clemson in 7 5 hrs    while everyone else was being pulled over!
is studying for quals   
is learning the difference between ferrite and cementite    studying after i post this message
has gone 2 whole weeks without xbox    studying is gettin crazy
is ready for the burn notice summer finale    <propfirst> westin is still second to <propfirst> bauer tho
welcomes the world to beatin your feet!  abdc is back! pg stand up!
is running on dunkin    next qualifier in an hour and a half
receiving the third installment of the blueprint    thank you mr  <propmale>!
"is as \real as it gets\"" and \""so ambitious \"""""
would like to thank everybody for my bday wishes!!!  i'm a week late but i just don't facebook like everybody else lol
is sad that these are the last days of the virgo <propfemale> for 2009    greatness will come back on august 23rd
"we'll look at this, 1800 just poured me a shot    what does your cap do?"
will be cracking that odst open in 5 days    lets get it
home for the weekend with the folks    home cooking!!!!
may have to get the wii soon just for the new super <propfirst> bros 
it feels good to be back in the lab    can anyone detect any sarcasm??
needs suggestions for a halloween costume cuz i have no idea what to be
102-91
its really 75 degrees outside   
75 degrees and clear skies    again   
"region 3 frc in 3 days    very excited!!!!  then, the countdown to greatness    region 2 frc nov  20-22!!  get registered!!"
"enjoyed himself in the 3    thanks to <propfemale> and the r3eb for showin some nsbe luv, and now its time for the deuce to get their shine!!  lets get it!!"
thinks google chrome's incognito window still doesn't hides himself being on facebook at work   
just installed windows 7    looks pretty good
the book of <propmale> is crazy!!
steelers and patriots lost    beautiful day
is crossing his fingers to come home on the 18th   
did the browns really beat the steelers last night??
"obama says he was frustrated, but we all know he was \angry \"""""
thanks the colts for taking the patriots record away from them
wants modern warfare 2 and band hero for christmas but if i only get to be in dc    then that is plenty enough for me (cant wait for dec  18th)
i feel so    much better    now that your   
is all about his business   
"apologies for the im virus, its really getting annoying   "
is still all about his business   
is in the atl momentarily with his cuzzo!!  enjoying the great games today as well   
is in the lab    again 
thinks his undergrad student <propfirst> <propmale> is pretty much the biggest deal ever!!!  true baller
correction: <propfirst> thinks he's a big deal!
toronto in 1 day    nsbe's 1st international conference!!  back on sunday
"is back from canada    congrats to all of the region 2 awardees, we are back on top of nsbe"
"getting ready to teach class    thats right, prof  <propmale>!!"
the prediction for the nba finals is (drumroll      ) celtics v  suns     it's crazy but it just might happen!
"no kg, no problem   "
needs ideas for what his twitter name should be    the r2vc account will be no more on may 1
"crab walk    dribble, dribble    thats all i have to say"
how does a playoff game feature a team up by 40 points??
<propfemale> los suns!!!!!!
move out day tomorrow    cleaning and packing all day!!!
move out day is whenever now    wonderful!!!  thesis time   
will the spurs be the first ones to go fishing tonight?!?!
celtics win!!!  and lebron will go to   
how is 24 going off the air??  its about to get real!!!
"trains, planes and automobiles…you betta have my donuts!!"
the celtics-magic game is entertaining    but black ops looks kinda serious
the google pac-man screen pretty slick   
is listening to the new takeover
what would the nascar hall of fame be without a huge lcd screen     for more sponsors!!
what a gracefully bow for <propfirst> bauer    i still can't believe its over
wants the burn notice season to start today and not next week   
finally dotted the is and crossed the ts     defense time is coming soon
final thesis submitted    feels great!!!
congrats to my bro sleven kelevra for graduating from boot camp on friday    just got back from home and back on the grind tomorrow
watchin <propfirst> hart's special on comedy central    have you ever gone night night!
"2 down, 1 to go!!"
thanks everybody for the bday wishes    sorry for being late but i forgot that i had a profile on facebook    lol
she said she likes my flow but loves my ad libs   
i got that free ipad in the mail today!! 5 days ago i signed up at http annoyed  bit ly efiqmo as a tester and today i got my ipad  all you need to do is to tell them your opinion about ipad and you can keep it forever  you should hurry since i highly doubt this is gonna last forever
i got that free ipad in the mail today!! 5 days ago i signed up at http annoyed  bit ly fahajh as a tester and today i got my ipad  all you need to do is to tell them your opinion about ipad and you can keep it forever  you should hurry since i highly doubt this is gonna last forever
coming back home twice in one year    life is good 
sunglasses and advil     last night was mad real
"i know i'm maddddd late but thanks for everyone who wished myself a happy birthday last week   it's great to see so many beautiful ppl on my wall   stay tuned, there are more great things to come "
