ead526df4497f67af93e1c10e4017f3b
"note to self: after making fresh salsa (cutting up tomatoes, onions and jalapeno peppers from the garden), don't stick your fingers in your eyes to put your contact lenses in! in fact, don't touch any part of your body or anyone elses body for about 3 day"
i need a vacation    quick!
this thing must be broken     i can't find the fast forward button    
 surprise (
 surprise |
<propfirst> and steph left for washington dc this morning  hope they don't get lost 
fyi- surgery sucks even if you get good pain medication  pain medications suck too 
"is there any way to escape the constant negative campainging? if these lunatics aren't calling my house constantly, they are non stop mudslinging on the radio and tv  i can't drive a quarter of a mile without seeing a least a dozen political signs  this is just nuts! wednesday can't come fast enough    "
ahhh  the sound of silence!
where in the hell is the instruction <propmale> these kids were supposed to come with?
found the <propmale>! silly me! it's been here all along  i don't knowhow i missed it 
"may god protect and keep safe, until they return to the arms of their families, all of the brave men and women who have fought still fight to protect the rigths of everyone american   <propfirst> myers, you and your family are in my prayers daily  (in memory of a very brave man, my grandfather, <propmale> p  gersper who landed on d day during wwii and stayed in europe fighting until the war had ended )"
"volleyball tonight, anyone?"
"monday, monday    "
bomb threat at work    nothing scares me away 
"it's monday morning, it's 16 degrees outside and it's only january 10th  why can't people hibernate until spring?"
how do you keep a rooster from crowing at <propfemale> on saturday?
"please put this as your status for one hour if you, or someone you know has an invisible illness (crohn's, ra, kidney disease, fibromyalgia, ms, etc  ) my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post for just an hour? do it for all who has an invisible illness  it is a daily struggle!!!! lupus and diabetes,also!!   "
it's monday (again)  it's still january and it's still freezing cold outside  i am going to do my best to hibernate until spring 
"i think i have lost the <propfemale> to hibernate! i have found new motivation- i saw a sign on my way to take <propfemale> her lunch that she left in the car this morning and i think it will help me lick this winter-blah thing  the sign said, \a cloudy day is no match for a <propfemale> disposition!\"" now all i need is a <propfemale> disposition  surprise )"""
hey soul sister!
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status  but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died or, is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour"
do we really need a groundhog to tell us that spring isn't coming anytime soon? seriously! let the poor guy sleep 
"oh my gosh! if this cold weather doesn't go away, i am going to strangle a little groundhog! have you seen the 10 day forecast? it stinks!"
"had a wonderful evening with my daughter, my son and 3 of his friends at roosters and magic mountain  surprise )"
