333e51b5c352001ac7ef2a2263587fa1
i have a new look for the new year happy new year every1!!!!!!!!!!!
mwhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa the new year is here time to be bad!!
nothing im completly bored which is bad
yummy hot coco a a warm blanket and my favorite movies in the dvd player!
im bored
i hate school  we had 3 fire drills twenty minutes before the final <propfemale>
nothin interestin
wishin my bestesist <propmale> happy birthday
how do you properly get kicked out of your own house?
one of these days i will be free   wuhahaha
livin life like its a game playful 
my consert last nite was so fun    except where i triped walking off the stage! happy late birthday dad!
cant wait 4 halloween!
"if livfe was a game we'd all be players, pawns, and played "
who ever created <propmale> needs to die if i hear that song one more time i will scream
im gonna be in madgrail and i hold <propmale> victors heart as the love intrest ^-^
lets go do the ever so sexy tango
i like to party!!
so tired im going back to sleep ;p
not much just gettin into 2 trouble
i love the tango dresses can you say sexy  playful 
the few  the loud  the random 
my boyfriend  my friends  and me 
i need something to do beside avoid family friends
noting but everthing is super funny  laugh 
"cold, tired, and people wont shut up and let me hibernate"
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me  if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this  if you are ashamed of christ, he will be ashamed of you  ™"
im so bored i think ill make a cake and sit in front of my tv and eat the whole thing
happy new year peoples and <propfemale> christmas i got
i feel like partying
im bored and my feet are cold
so bored cant wait till later
ugh cant wait for the new year 1 hour and 57minutes to go
happy news years peoplesss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
"in the name of jedidiah \don't you manhandle me\"" --from night at the museum"""
guess what panda monkey
no cant i sleep a little longer i dont want to go to school tomarrow!!
if i ever have to go outside again itll be too soon  mom made me walk the dog
its offical i hate school
im hungry  first raid the kitchen  then shower lastly some ouran host club before bed  man i love that show its awesome!! smile 
im going to try and sleep with football-fanatic parents yelling at the tv two doors down  sad 
super worried cuzin is gone missing
worring is so overratted like our exams in two weeks smile 
hi on chocolate playful 
so tired  wont get home till late tomarrow  bout to raid the firdge  yep 
i have been asleep scince 3 smile 5 and i feel like crap plus i missed out with my friends so     yeah  sad 
i want it to snow
im gonna take a nap and hiberate  after i finish this paper 
yay paper done up next party i got roped into
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour? ?  just for you kel!"
lookin for old friends on fb but so far no luck laterz people 
i feel like sleeping with my arch enemy cuz hes sexy anit that wrong?
"life is the same day in day out  then one day youll wake up and say 'has life always been this dul, this lifeless' thats how i feel today life i just woke up"
getting ready for a work out at church    had to go and say id help with the new dances    i cant waith! its going to be so much fun
my very best friend might be leaving me here alone  i feel incredably depressed and lonely  but i dont know if shes leaving forsure yet i hope she stay 
way tired but i have now memeorized my lines for the auditions tomarrow
my legs hurt and after today they are gonna fall off
yay so im totaly ready to totaly screw up and fall on my butt
cant do auditions 2 day totaly suckage
somewhat annoyed but blissfuly happy and excited
so tired if i ever see another textbook itll be to soon ~being overdramatic per nor~
check the emails and then headin out state yay atlanta here i come!  smile 
my mom says if i get a job i can have the old car its an '02 intrepet(sp) or something like that
yawn got up way to early nows is dead tired
is doing nothing i think my heart died i feel nothing
have i mentioned lately that i despise the color red -groans-
working out after school if i seem moody im not  laugh 
raging at my stepfaters assholeyness (and if its not a word it is now)
waiting for the feeling in my fingers to come back
hey college guess what ur a headache go away i hate you
is fellig depressed i need a hug
wondering if my bestes guy friend is mad at me
needs to think and something to do
derading tomarrows headach that comes with th 'superbowl'
needs to tink clearly before going on a violent rampage ~grins evily~ acompaned by ~evil giggles~
im skipping out thursday and friday + my little bro just took on three badass wanna be buliies and won and now he sports a black eye for his trobles but hey i havent stoped lauhging yet i wish i had brought my camara lol  laugh 
let it snow let it snow i m going to tennese thursday
yes five day weekend!!!!!!!!! wwwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> over reacted a bit but who cares u love me anyway
how cold i am
ive got a headache
so tired crap i gota do halls hellwork
had fun at mpa's bored to near death but fun so    whats this i hear about a bomb threat?
mmade the best desicion ever
if you havent heard the news yet i am leaving gj
in atlanta guess its offical i no longer go to gj mis you guys
you learn to put on a maskeven when you dont want to
new school new problems so hows the <propfirst> issue?
my desprete need fo a bf who lives close by  wink 
has royally screwed up her life and will problay never fix it ever   annoyed 
wandering when people will pull their heads out of their asses
is wondering how life can change so fast yet remane the same
misses all her friends cuz georga is cold and hugs are the best with a secret kiss or two  wink 
whos crushin me of course       not    ~stares~    okay maybe a little    ~more stares~     okay fine big time
what im gonna do tammarow after karate
karate = pain i ache all over and ended up in the most comprimsing postions today
life is getting better friends now far and wide but still ove is there to help heal the hearts past scars
so tired but happy i got people to <propfemale> me and made a new friend while threatning him  wink  you guysknow how thatgoes  playful 
found someone  drool worht not as much as my last love but still drool worhty
school projects sucks so do bitchy lil fresshman girls (not everyone)  sad 
trying not to go crazy  need a desprate talk with one of my besties  asap 
no my hormeones are stable i won't go commiting mass homicide
"'no! please dont cut my hair' \sorry miss but we have to \"" 'no never' runs away; dont get far  thiers violence and chains \""sorry about this miss\"" 'liars let me go please' \""   \"" that will be tomarrows conversation i have to get my hair cut  'i dont wanna!!!!  cries in a corner"""
they chained me to a chair and cut my hair  im kinda over it except the part where i look like a slightly darker samona
"this is what a new friend of mine said yesturday \fuck you very much\"" i laughed so hard i cried """
so dreading my test  sad 
so tired that was the first of four draining test  thursday will be hell cuz it will be test plus jet leg  so not happy
having a good day till it turned horendously ugly *death to most freshman*
feeelin better cuz my besties girl understands  laugh 
going 2 arizona 2marrow hello hottness and cute arizona boys  smile 
i will be *nice* no matter how much i dont want to         that stupid bitch put her fucking gum in my hair!!!!!!!!!!!!
jetlag is a bitch  woke up 3 fucking hours late for school  3 fucking hours  mood: so not happy  sad 
is depressed  family death so um  yeah 
is making her first amv sorta kinda
is going to school from the dark place laters
is runing on limelight
is slowly dying
we live  we love  we forgive and never give up 
stupid essay  took all my energy  im tired
essay complete  i terribly miss gj even the teachers  especialy my friends 
hates the <propfemale>
i'm back!!!!! and with a vengence!
hey guys love to all and i promise i wont disapear forever ~hugs~
lovein life and hatin ex's wwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooo
so tired miss my peoples very much love you guys!!!
wondering on me
is addicted to playing in antonios hair lol im so crazy but you all love me!!! yay
wallowing in self pity & hoping for a mirical
trying to 'kiss the boy'
jk waitng for summer three more days
two more days
remenising on the good old days
im   slipping again help asap
so not happy end of the last day of school sucked!!!
feeling better bout to go do random crazy stuff for no reason
is bored out of her freaking mind
im so tired and i wanna going swimming
going on a cruise hello hot guys and pools and cookies
im sssssssoooooooooooo aaaaaaaaallllllllllooooooooooonnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!! ~wahhh!!!~
revenge  revenge ! revenge!!!! whuhahahahahaha ~dark creepy evil laugther~
"as quoted from invader zim \leave me be you pathetic meat sacks!\"" lol has me laughing every time i hear it"""
"is so bored shes searching random things on google \   up next how to properly cut ice cream   \"""""
im a rebel im a saint im all this and im dangerous
how to not hate summer school                            im hungry
dosent know what will kill me first algebra hw or boredism
is a fangirl as to how it happened we will never know of what     take a guess
studying   boring   reading manga   exciting!!
chillin at my grandma's house hangin with my cousin
is deprived ofhugs and her best friends
aaahhhhhhhh i just woke up newrecord for latest time i ve ever woke up past 12pm
getting nervous hope i get the job
not much just thinking about how sext jacob(taylor) is cant wait to see eclipse tomarrow!!!
is watching a sailor <propfemale> marathon and reliving all my child hood memories before i hit the big 18 i wanna stay young forever!!!     or atlest for another two years  laugh 
is remembering things people bring up from the past hehe      now that i think about that was funny  laugh 
what im doing this weekend with my plans canceled cuz somebody decided to drag my partner in crime away nnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooo <propfemale> come back!!!1
omg!! my phoe hates me it wont let me txt any more why?!?!?!      ~crys in a dark corner~
yay my fone loves me again  laugh 
still need to have the perfect summer day so i can say 'no my summer was not a waste'
living life to the fulliest at nite  joyful 
is a true night owl  i havent gotten up before 12 in at least 3 weeks
~sigh~ gets up walks around ~sigh~ sits down drowns in boredness                        hey look books    yeah not that bored 
wow it 4am and im hyper  is there something wrong with that?
lovely aint it
is way confuseed and tottaly out of it   more so then normal 
chillin at barnes and nobel  bored as i can b jk lol tryin to lear some spanish
you know how you cant wait for school to end but when its over your tottaly bored and caint wait for it to start again  im there  boredism i blame you!!!
sooo bored need something to do even if its school work  go senior year!!!!!!
noooo stay away!!!!!!! (at the doctors) keep that needle away from me!!!!
it think imma go to the game tonite
getting ready 4 tailgating scrimage im late but who cares! wish me luck
being angry and dealing with are two totally difrent things  and me well im just bipolar  e playful reemly happy to almost uncontrollable rage 
i still dont know who won    nevermind        sad 
chillin with my lil'bros after leaving grams
playing me games so bored cant wait for school to start hello senior year!
ah so tired going to bed early      wow im goin to bed b4 10 that is way early espesialy 4 me
enjooying my last days of freedom
i got up so early and now im so bored
i dont wanna go to schoollllllllllllllllll
one more day of freedom what to do what to do     no seriously what should i do?
first day of school    weird but boy oh boy a cute boy walked me to class twice! awesome!
th usual for scool never thought id say that
cant wait till the game friday!!
we lostbut it was fun woo i am hyper mow lol !!
not hyper but red hot mad 
i hate spanish and englis my new two worst subjects lol
"\saw the cutest guy ever! and even better he puts hot to shame\"" thats what boy crazy side is saying rationaly side says \""omg hottest cheerleading guy ever\"""""
<propfemale> always remeber no matter how far apart im here for you  love you girl!!!!
omg i cant stop laughing lol
lol did you hear that one bout the girl who says the  sun  raped her eyes?
elol  evil laughing out loud
raging over what my cousins up and out attitude! if you have a problem with me then get the f*** overit and deal!!!!!!
im sorry for ur issues but dont make the mistake of taking them out on me cuz my bite is worse than my bark 
"today somewhere something deep inside my heart shriveled uo and died  im not sad for that but for some reason i feel like my heart is breaking  i wonder why  i feel like  crying, and that something bad is going to happen and im scared it will cange my life forever "
does anyone know what 'elol' means?
who said being carefree in a world so cold is a bad thing?
breath  breath  breath     okay    now you can panic  im so disorganised 
best day ever!!!! even though i was late to my fbla meeting my bay was very funny first off guy rape is not excepted by most (but i do lol) second debate is crazy along with chorus and all musical deparments  so yeah we set the school on fire jkjk its fine i guess popcorn is so off the snacks list! lol cant wait to see what tomarrow brings!
yay i gotlate arrival!!! lame name but anyone eles?
best pep rally ever!!! from a hyperactive girl any way     up next the senior tailgating yyyyyeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like i said hyperactivesugarhigh girl  and no i havent hadany sugar today i had a cookie oncei stepedover to the dark side  laugh  lol
for everbody who i dint get to hug today virtualy glomp  the game was fun even though we lost had too much fun to care! i was to busy screaming my head off!!
" smile  \smile\"" :?\""why?\""  annoyed  \""becuse i said so\""  sad \""thats not good enough\""  laugh \""then smile becse of shinee\""  laugh  \""i love them!\""  playful  \""i know\""\",333e51b5c352001ac7ef2a2263587fa1,i think ive finaly gone crazyi *skipped* across the road laughing my but off agree disagree
i wanna go to awa but i cant ~pout~
wmuhahahaha homework i have vanquished thee    now if only the books would die to  laugh 
we won! and know im sad some dessisions are harder than they seem   
i hate mondays
ggrrrr parents are so stupid they say you dont communicate but yet when we try to talk to them they dont bother to listen and yet the get the right to b**** and complaine!
im back thanks for all the love tody was great!  i dont feel anyolder but hey thats me a fast to loce and uber slow to hate! love you all!!
drama the worlds most natural form of entertainment  shakespeare not so much
just sent in my first application and im so nervous sending in the rest in  like the next 3 weeks
what tattoo design represents you the most? -- my result: wings  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 682463 referrals status?aid=1543771129
"im going to maim <propfemale> how dare she cancel the day before ggrrrr but oh that just meansi get to go in her place, too badim broke spent allmy money getting my dress cleaned"
well aparently samll groups now have chats and thats weird and on a earlier note     see next status
debate    enough said 
im going to homecoming who eles is going?
"senior feild trip tomarrow   to the movies! yay no class, movie time!!!"
yay i got pocky!!    no i refuse to share its mine
im gonna change my profile pic in like     when i get around to it  imma be in a dress though and i almost never wear dresses
i dont feel so good  i may or may not be in school to marrow
why cant my life be simple? i am so tired of my life being screwed over 
its times like these when the one thing you dont want everyone knowing they all know and you want to dissappear
breaking <propmale> - evil angel    love that song
is bored     no really im bored
"okay so its offical, i guess     im moving"
i think my weirdness is contagious  lol but my weird ness ismy    um    meness  omg please dont take it its mine     that was the convo i had with my cousin today and it  was funny that was the most sensible part of it any way
crap so forgot about the chorus picture tomarrow and the concert
okay so pictures next week i got the days mixed up <propfemale> me! that stupid concert wore me outand now im hungry
im tired of smiling my face hurts and peolpe keep lying i think the rumors are getting to me   one of these days i will break its only a matter of time  and this is geting in the way of me making new friends
why do i feel so angry and yet so sad    
way excited cant wait till six!!!!
"the world can burn in pieces,\my soul will still survive \just like the old divine,\the pain will always thrive "
my <propmale> name shall now be omg itachie vote now it closes in one week
dislikes people who dont understand that something as simple as changing the way you do things in the morining is in fact the end of the world for you
wants to see all her old friends ant take loads of pictures to add to her senior year album and then hopefully she wont miss them somuch then
my <propmale> name shall really be omg 
its offical i know live in riverwood  sad 
why do i have so much fun by myself?
"is wondering how things will be once balence has been restored, change can be a bad thing or a good one "
can words spoken with true sinerity get thru to ones heart thought to belong dead?
ugh going to be at 9    the end of the world     i never go to bed early unless im sick
wow im so angry today    anyway be leaving soon for nc to got to the jwupreview
had fun at jwu preview it was amazing best campus ever!!!! plus their culinary students fed us!!!!!!!!! amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
ive slept for most of today and i hate sleeping
im tired  really tired  i was dead on my feet when i woke up 
my world has change i guess its about time i changed too  not for my world but for me     this is gonna be fun  laugh 
"okay so appearntly people wanna shooy up rhs and other schools in the tri-state area, my question to them is \what the hell is wrong with you people?!??!?!? im trying to learn here not have a heart attack cuz the fire alarms going off \"" my advice to them \""get alife and deal with your problems without killing a lot of people that dont want to die!!!\"" --that is all-omg"""
mini mind meltdown(mmm) that and a mega headach i think my heads gonna e playful lode
    yeah             bye 
"how far do you fall untill you reach the absolute bottom, the every end, and will you get there can you ever get out?"
im too cool for a status  laugh 
"even as the tears continue to fall i will live on, smile on, laugh on  i will live out loud "
today was     interesting  tell me about the most interesting thing that happened to you today 
im cold 
i think i have a new theme song take a guess at what it is
laughing at the popcorn senerio
living out loud!!
"i got accetped to jwu but, i may not be going if i dont pass spanish 2 so wish me the best of luck and help me study!!"
happy thanksgiving!!
can't wait for aad!!! its gonna be so fun!! leave for katsu's soon  then prep time for ultimate colsplay action!!!
best con ever!!!
"i now have a dark <propfemale> lord   and im going to bed( and only <propfemale> childers calamusa , <propfirst> strachan and kohlbern jary will know exactly what im mean besides the other people involved and yes ive sropped calling him the elf lord)"
i have plans in motion to stalk and kidnap    5 bucks if you know who  laugh 
i have a new intrest     ~insert evil laughter here~
i am so weird i likes two peoples guess if think you know who
im tired  had a job interview hope i get the job and well life goes on  and i abosolutly hate it when people lie to me!!!!!!!!!!!!
shower  bed  sleep  wake up  school  homework  repeat 
"falling through the cracks\scream for help\only to wacth the ones you care for most\just walk away\the dont hear your cries\your screams your pleas\they seem to be blind deaf and dumb\or maybe they just didnt care at all   \or maybe they care to much and cant watch \what would happen if you fall again\maybe it would be too much and the would fall to\\so climb fly and jump just get back up to the top"
im going to enjoy my weekend cuz next week is gonna be aweful
remeber when you said \i can't afford to care," i can't afford to care    \""\"333e51b5c352001ac7ef2a2263587fa1,"desperate i will crawl waiting for so long, no love there is no love die for anyone  what have i become?!!!!!!!!!"
"there are few people who i love these are my top five (btw its not in order of whom i love the most) <propfirst> boyette, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propmale> <propmale>, <propmale> smith, katsu sutcliff strachan and others (btw if your not up here and your family you dont count!!!)"
"im gonna hate thursday     matter of fact i hate it all ready    get up early,and stay late thats the game plan   oh my poor brain please dont turn to mush      i promise i'll feed you!!!"
"everyone sing -extend pause- people clap - director says \wait theres more\"" singing resums    then ends         that and i realized how dangerous the risers can be """
"\      i dont know what to do anymore     \"""""
"the \poke war\"" has began  are you ready?"""
i was soc old today my fingertips turned red
"and voices rang while thee angels sang and sangin \a oh a oh a danced on into the night!!!\"""""
first day of work ever    tomorrow    at 5
comon fulton dont be a douche 'close close close'
"ahh slept in, then got up flipped out cuz my room was a mess (now its sparkly),  cleaned the kitchen (now its dirty again) then at 7 i realised i had a final tomorrow    and i havent studied for it (and i still havent) now im going to bed  yay!!!!! for random no school days!!!"
i wish you never told me  i wish i never knew  i wake up screamin!!! and its all because of you!!! so many voices in my head! when it comes back you wont be scared and lonely!!!!- scared 
 love   love   love   heart-broken   angry  ggrrrrrr evil ~time passes~  laugh   playful   smile  ~and you dont care anymore~
"\god help if ive come undone   out in the light of the sun\"" -give me a aign"""
 smile   love   laugh 
"some people say i need to be more realist than optomisticaly happy     well would you rather have me be optimistic and happy *or* pessimistic and depressing? and no realist is not being pessimistic, is called being somewhere inbetween  dont put a damper on my  life cuz you want to spread your 'realistic' outlook "
"i  love  kids i do, but i absolutly hate getting up early to babysit them so tired"
ugh children give me a headach oh how i miss my brothers and my sister  love 
my family is amazingly awesome     crazy  but awesome!
lmfao  with my  lil cousin <propfemale> and her crazyness!!!!  hope  everyone does is having as much  fun as i am!
"takin it one day at a time, one laugh, one hug, one smile, and millions of happy memories!!"
can a women love for fake?    i got this from a r <propfirst> song 
im tired and this pc needs to hurry up it takin ffffoooorrrrreeeevvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr
noooo      my phone died and i cant find the charger wahh  crying 
im so happy see if you can gues why
take one step at a time there is no need to rush after all it is a new year   
"first day back and im   confused greatly confused  but anywho i was laughing so hard i couldnt breath!  love  i love debate! and i love <propfirst> <propfirst>, shhh dont tell him that! wow thats random oh well  love "
i tried and failed   statistics hw why must you be so hard!!!!
tommorows my first day i cant wait but there is no way im climbing up a hill with three text books again ever   unless i abosolutly have to sad   love 
if you want to talk to me call cuz i need it  sad 
borec outa my mind i think imma go back to sleep    
"\        i have nothing to say for my self  but 'i will take my cookies and have the cake to' thank you and good night """
"\i want it all but i have what i want excet    you\"" in the name of omg  love oh how she loves  love   love """
yay!! i get to sleep in! take that school!! ~exctedly jumping around~
omfg its snowing!!!! i cant wait to play in it tomorow!!!
i heard we might be out on wednsday too but i think thats just a rumor   
dont you just hate when people move things your leave in that particular place for a reason? ido why cuz the ruin everything unless you save it  i miss my precious snow cars!  love 
is listening to songs that bring up good memories but also the sad depresive  after thought of knoing i cant go see these people for a long time  dont you just love bitter sweet memories    its almost been a year 
i was so bored today that i actually tried to clean my room  but then again i got up at one 
imma go watch finding nemo
well to my beloved friends i shall see you all hopefully on tuseday if i dont well will know its because i died from boredom  the internet can only intertain for so long ans i broke my game    imma go watch a move and do some econ so iwont have to do it later  sad 
yep its time for mte to go pop some popcorn and find a movie on on demand  if you need m
"so i was on youtube and i heard this one song that just made me fall to the floor lauguing because of one little line 'girls dont like boy, girls like cars and money!!boy will laugh at girls, when their not funny!!' the song is called \girls & boys\"" by good <propfemale> lol  love """
i had been up for the past 26 hrs at 4 smile 0  then got a raging headach andpassedout for four hours so much for trying not to be nocturnal    
"noli manare, manere in memoria"
if you would like to keep me aliveso i can reach the next day please call me   boredom is deadly 
ugh   and people wonder why *i* am so unstable      
and the homework came crashing down   
pain is inevitable  suffering is optional  which do you perfer?
"in the words of drama con \kindly kiss off and die!!!\""  laugh d"""
"\is everything i know a lie!!!??!?!\"" >?<"""
floating on the waves of 'omg i passed the hardest class ever!!'
please dont be like me because we all cant be on the amazingly uber awesome lever of awesomeness that i on im sorry  wink    love 
'aaahhhhhh curse you <propfemale> tolet!!'
the lord ofdispline or watevea its called makes my brain hurt their insults make no sence!!!!!
i will not fail 
im living on air
and she ran hit the high note all those sorprano bost on
     i think i broke it      
today was such a good day i lauged more then any other daybut i need some advice   help?
where does the maddness end
im bored somebody calll meeeeee
i'm not superhuman 
i found the perfect colsplay now i just need the $100 bucks to buy it then shoes
when i woke up at 9 smile 0 i was mega hyper and now at 10 smile 7 im uber mega hyper  i guess im just a hyper person   love 
omg did anybody do the math packet???
when did life get do hard? and when did the simple become so complex?     who cares i saw my mom yesturday but still when did things change?
'you'r all useless' --leader-sama
"\ive been to the <propfemale> and seen the stars but the will never measure up to the magic i saw in your eyes   \"" this is mine  also this refers to a few of mine friends take a guess if you are one or wanna know who im talking about!"""
im back peoples  and i had the best day ever! and ally has a magic lunch box   lifesaver!
"your car is japanese  your vodka is russian  your pizza is italian  your kebab is turkish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is brazilian  your movies are american  your tea is tamil  your shirt is indian  your oil is saudi arabian  your electronics are chinese  your <propfirst> arabic, your letters latin  and you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant? pull yourself together! copy, if you're against racism "
   and people wonder why im going crazy 
fall and fall hard  just hope you dont shatter upon impact  picking up the pieces is hard 
we laughed  you cried  i died 
    did our t a  just leave?   
one day i will fall in the hallway and then be trampeled on     'oh how nice' ^^
you know how we all have that one friend that always wants to talk when your in a bad mood and then you yell at them and you feel so bad      well your like that
      ah    nah       
i didnt know butter could burn 
the dasies will protect you from ever harm 
you will feel pain as i have felt it  you will feel my anger  why because you desirve it  and because i am passive aggresive 
me tired
thats right name change in you face!!
there is a band-aide on my ceiling
omg on fb in the apple store hanggin with my lil cuz dotlice <propfirst> who called me lame    anyways how the time flies ttyl gtg
ryou-chan or rei-chan? i need a name for my oc 
is feeling broken    
never thought id feel this down    
floatin on cloud 2    
now you know the truth    no ones there 
laughing on statistics    homework its still not done
<propmale> is my favorite  love 
im ssssoooooo bored 
took a long bath and my body still hurts    i hope to sleep all day sunday
my feet hurt    somebody please tell me why life is so unfair!!! my poor swollen red feet     wah!
why does tomorrow have to be monday
i need a wig for momocon!!
"why must homework be so bad     stupid econ, stat, contemp, and sp2"
yay for the little things!
straight superiors oh yeah!!!
does anybody know what tbs means?
omg no not cake   hey! what are you doing? give that back!!
ffinally the weekend    every sick persons dream   sleeping till 9 in the afternoon!
"\dude you had it easy! some guy kept trying to poke me with a thoothpick \"" ---vt"""
is sick so she may or may not be @ skol tomarow
ohh eeemmm jjjjeeeee   did i just say that    oh my i did anyways     stupid essay
"life goes on day by day, hour by hour, minute by minute,    that sounds depressing   let me try again  \life goes on laugh by laugh, hug by hug, glomp by glomp, kiss by kiss, smile by smile   love "
"you know when you get sometinhg stuck under your shoe and you cant get it off?\~~~~\well they're like that "
"\im not asleep im not awake not after the way you l touched me\"""""
one more day!!!
"prom was the best nite off my life had so much fun with <propfemale> crazygirl, t-chan, and haliey! i will never forget this!!!"
that took for ever finally have enought energy to get dressed for momocon  yes i know late as ever but what can i say? should be there by 5!
im not trying to seduce you  neji's dance -youtube (macarana)
welocome to my master plan  wuhahahaha
im dancing in my room  why? because im cool like that
"im not crazy, im just random bipolar!  smile "
dnacing in my room cuz im cool like that are you??
stacks of paper hate me       fail     
"off to bed so late my lit paper still not done  \fail  fail failfail\"" now is not the time to panic      'now you can panic '  smile """
omg im playing uno! havent played it in forever
im such a niteowl    party till im purple!!! can i even turn purple?
omg im going to the park to swing and ride slides and monkey bars time to act like a little kid for a while! yay for being childlike!!!!
i need to find q park close to my house    
how long till its gets to be too much?
i went to the park and nearly feel off a tire swing!! loved it the whole time though!!!
why is today so backward ?!?!?
can i have a piece of       coughdrop?
"zuuz is now lord zuzu \nooo lord zuzu dont kill mofo!!!"
"how not to drive me crazy!!!!\1  i dont care what you have to say\2  dont tell me when you know i dont care\3  dont talk to me when you know im not listening \4  leave me to my peace i will come to you\5  when i start to care i will let you know\6  dont ask me pointless questions"
is going crazy    but only in her head 
workin up a sweat eww but non the less oh so fun  love 
r i p  my fallen friend  we will never forgt you <propmale> 
is so bored and needs to be distracted
not a i wink of sleep stupid thunder
don't fear the change   you caused it 
is going to sleep  wake me and i kill you
yay ice cream before bed!!
i kill you with my eyeliner!    um how do you kill someone with eyeliner?
ugh i dont like the rain
"i just met <propmale> <propmale>! gospel superstar, and he hugged me!!!! and nobody else! omg i feel so special! best time at the mall ever!!!"
spring break peoples!!!!    do not disturb 
the time to    ugh i cant think straight this early in the morning
who stole my gir!!! to the park for playing!
im not okay (i promise)
is feeling unwanted   
huuumm what to do what to do   
its like wow!!!
