0c83d1f4d3ab774a4b363cbf14b7a5cf
happy new year everyone!!
glad its the weekend!! i will be spending most of it cleaning and maybe some moving in 
we got moved in and spent the first night at our new place!!!
i am so glad the day brightened up!!
entomology lab and english today!
working on my biochem lab!! ugh!!!
ughh      don't want to go all the way to glenville for 1 class 
why does biochem keep haunting me?!? blah i am not motivated to study!
yay!!! hell week is over!!
ugh    i have a <propmale> headache    but on the bright side i baked a pie    yum!
trying to adopt a doggy!! i hope i'm approved!
ugh      i am ready for school to be over 
biochem really sucks   in case anyone was wanting to know!!
working on micro lab       fun fun!!
is really sick!!! so i have become a hermit in my house!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
relaxing at home!!!
"has a sore neck!! i hate my stupid body, its always having to cause me pain!!"
i'm gonna spend the whole evening doing absolutely nothing!!
well one more stressful day out of the way!!! whew!!
just took my entomology test! boo hiss!
"day is going pretty good so far!  one day closer to the weekend, yay!"
"home again, home again, jiggity jig!"
off to work    then to the flea market    then home to do some serious cranking out of a certain paper!
working on my paper! blah
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale> "
working on my entomology presentation
aaahhhhhhh!! i can't wait for this week to be over!
for all my fellow science majors! enjoy! http annoyed  video adultswim com robot-chicken einstein-mofo html
yay!!
having a party at my house tuesday!!!!
party at my house tuesday! starts at 8 pm!!
got the fire going and everything is set!!! yay time to party!!
"last night was a blast! included very interesting things such as <propfemale> car bombs, the discussion of getting unmentionables stuck in a steal trap, and a very drunk dog who likes her alcohol  oh, and why am i up at 9 am? because i am the man, that's why! lol, love to everyone!!"
just got home! driving 5 hours wears a person out!
"i'm up, but i don't want to be! oooohhhh back to school, back to school "
studying    plan on making it a long night morning!!
so i found this site that helped me identify over half my bugs last nigt  let me know if you would like the link!
still have a lot to finish! ugh i can only blame myself!
"had no electricity last night, so it sure cut my studying time down "
"is all hopped up on caffeine, and likes the saying \cuz i'm bluffin with my muffin\"" tee <propfemale> bah ha"""
is working away at her paper!!! i seriously need to change my hobby from procrastinator to overachiever!!!
so entomology is the study of insects right?
"entomology final was not as bad as i anticipated, one more final then i am done!! wish it was not snowing!"
i am officially done at gsc!!!! whooo hoooo
"enjoying the day off, start work tomorrow! yay"
"have work tomorrow, glad to be going there instead of classes!!"
"so this is christmas, and what have you done? another year over, a new one just begun  ~j  lenon "
happy new year!!!!!!!! sending love to all in 2011!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"all of this lovely slow has resulted in my car stuck on a hillside  no damage though, thankfully "
happy valentines day to all my friends!!
hanging at the house and contemplating         
just posted pics of our new doggy!!
relaxing at home and enjoying my day off!
my new doggy's farts smell really really bad!!! ha ha
"off to work hopefully, if i can make it out!!!"
ran out of water today       you'd think that unlikely with all the f-ing snow on the ground!!
water today and satellite tomorrow!! yay
i'm so fed up with everything going wrong!!! today was a horrible day!
"today marks a year that my parents were taken from me and my family  to remember them i'd like anybody that knew or met them to comment about a fond memory, or their meeting "
"stupid rain, i know its good, but i want to be outside!!"
"yay, i've lost 10 lbs!"
"don't know why i'm up so freakin early! but i will be playing with horsies and cows today, then time to party, whoo hooo "
wednesdays make me smile  smile 
"had a crazy busy day at work today, did not help that i had a long night, but it is all worth it to be there for family and animals "
off to work!
"did not mean to take a 2 hour nap, it just happened  glad this week is over "
i just love it when my dog pokes her wet nose in my face before my alarm has gone off   smile 
i hope to catch my <propfemale> this weekend!
it is about to storm like hell       smile 
hoping for a nice calm day at work        ha yeah right!
"i still have not caught my <propfemale>, not even sure if she's still around   sad "
"saw a sighting of my cat, so at least now i know she has not run away  now i just need to catch her     hmmmm"
just got home from work  got ice cream cake and a candle from the girls   smile  thanks guys!
"back to the clinic until noon, then its time for some rest, whew this has been a busy week   smile "
i'm gonna complete this day by working on my application  smile 
"might be going white water rafting sunday, : ) !!"
"heading up to fayetteville this evening after work, then hitting the rapids tomorrow!!"
"had a good time on the water yesterday! white water rafting is definately a good work out, pretty sore today!"
work until 2  wondering what the clinic has in store for me 
lost a special member of my family today 
"i have a special kind of family, lol : )"
when will the crap stop piling up?
"today was supposed to be the beginning of the end, but i guess i have to wait a few more months  sad "
ready for some r and r with the best!
"let's see    what could make my day a whole lot better? day says, \how about getting stung in the forehead by a hornet and having half your face swell up?\"" not exactly what i was going for  : ("""
"still very swollen today, seriously have to strain to keep my eyes open, i'm gonna start telling people <propfirst> beats me "
"work, then out with the girls : -)"
"running on a small amount of sleep, going to have to do some serious napping when i get home   smile "
mmmm steak and mashed potatoes  playful 
getting very disheartened about vet school  sad 
"remind me not to plan things, they always seem to get ruined :["
"work till 2, then i gotta go through my stuff for a yard sale!"
hmmm   things could get very interesting  
"good day at the yard sale with steph, back at it again tomorrow  smile "
"loves the drive-in, and thinks it sucks that it is now closed until next summer "
wants everbody to go to www wwwdotcom com  smile 
"things are starting to look up for my applications  smile  oh yeah, and wvu better get with the freaking program!!!!!!"
come on eers!!!!!!!!!!!!!! overtime baby
"sorry, not this time <propfirst>, woo hoo!!"
"ahhh, don't know why i woke up 40 minutes ealry  feeling kind of hyper  where is all this energy coming from?"
"just putting the finishing touches on my supplemental applications, transcripts are on their way, and i'm feeling a little less overwhelmed   smile "
did i mention that i love fall? let's go wvu!
had a good night with close friends and good music   smile 
"off to work for a half day, then hopefully i'll get some stuff done around the house "
"it's saturday, that means i'm off until tuesday   smile  hope everyone enjoys their weekend!"
who would have ever guessed bowling and pitcher margaritas do not mix very well?
"my mother always told me to treat others the way you want to be treated  well i know i do not treat people like crap, so why do i get treated like crap? tired of getting walked on!"
"exhausted, but hey the yard is now both weed eated and mowed "
"both my phone and cell phonw is not working, so please contact me on here if you need to "
"yay, my phone is finally working again!"
"to the owner of the red siberian husky puppy around my neighborhood-why the hell did you pay hundreds of dollars for that beautiful dog if you're just gonna let it run up and down a busy part of route 5? you're lucky it wouldn't come to me, but somehow i feel you wouldn't miss it that much otherwise you'd take better precautions!!"
"today, some justice will be served, but not nearly enough!"
"<propfemale> crap, tonight is going to be awesome!!!"
happy halloween to all my friends and family   smile   love 
saw christmas decorations on my way home  is anyone else thinking way too soon?
my elusive feline has finally been captured  yay
people are freakin heartless and retarded!!!
happy thanksgiving  mmmmm can't wait for good food!
"what a trying day today, i'm glad its all over   for at least 30 years anyway "
change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  we are hoping to not see a human face on facebook until monday dec 6  join the fight against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same  copy and paste as your status
shitty shitty shit shit      thats how i feel
4 smile 0 is way too early to be up!!!
message me a number 1-3000 and i will tell you what i think about you 
"# 1- you're a dork because you actually messaged me 1-3000 instead of a number between, so i am designating you # 1 because you are my bestest friend in the whole world, and i love you like a sister and would do anything for you  you're kind and caring and not afraid to tell me your true feelings  smile "
"#41 you have a great personality and it reminds me of my roots because of your similar natures  you've been there for me through what i am going through, and i am so sorry i have not been able to help during your time of need  you share the same compassions that i do and i love you and your other half very much!"
"#13 we've had our ups and downs  smile , but since we've been out of eachothers breathing space its been all ups i think  i really enjoy partying with you and appreciate every little favor you've done for me  you've been a good part of my family and i love you  smile "
"#7 #3 i don't know you very well, but you take great care of a certain loved one of mine and i can rest at ease knowing that she has such a true friend like you  i love that you are very compassionate about animals, and i hope one day i will know you better  smile "
"#69 of course you would choose this number, and that is why i love you so much  you are crazy, but in the greatest ways  i really miss you and i wish we could <propfemale> out more  you are a great person to vent to, very trustworthy, and very caring  i'm also sorry you feel i gave you bad luck  love you!"
"#6 i think i still have a lot of stuff to figure out about you, but i think you are an awesome person  your energy makes the day enjoyable, and i am so glad i got to <propfemale> out with you at my party  you remind us all that we should take excitement in the smaller things in life like hot guys in big trucks, or a favorite song coming on the radio   smile "
"#3 or #5 or #35 or #8 you are my sister, i love you very much  i love your free spirit and your devotion to many good causes in the world  sometimes i know we dont always agree on ways of living, but i don't think either of us lets it bother us  but i will always be here for you if ever you need me because family is most important whether blood related or not, right?"
this has been the crappiest weekend ever!!!!!
"lets see if i will make it out for work, should be interesting!"
:  
"i am hoping we do not get this huge storm, i need to work nature!!"
"there goes another work day because of snow, i wish it would freaking warm up already "
"off to work until 12, then home to work on my car, i know shocking!!"
"got an interview at mississippi, hell yeah!!!!!"
just blah on this blah day!!!
"i had a pretty good day yesterday, i hope this freezing rain passes us by  smile "
"work until 2 today, then i don't know what "
happy birthday to a special someone that i miss!!
"<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family, hope you all have a good one "
thinking about what i am going to do for new years   
time to watch some mountaineers !!!!
"oh mountaineers, you make me so sad  sad "
"oh absolut, you are such a good friend, its so nice of you to get rid of my headache  smile "
"i can't believe i'm up this early, fml, work until 3 "
"going to see the fighter today, then who knows "
wish i new where my ipod disappeared to 
"work until 5, then maybe we wont get thhis snow i am hearing about  sad "
snowed in  sad 
"snowed in again, and my baby, lootah, is hospitalized in p-burg, this is just gonna be a great weekend "
had a fantastic day at work         can anyone sense my extreme sarcasm?
"thinks we have gotten enough snow for one winter already, yeah its pretty, but i gotta be able to work "
"1st person to like my status - your last name will be mine for 24 hours \2nd person- you can pick my profile picture for 2 days \3rd person- you can dare me to do anything \4th person- ill say i'm married to you for a week \5th person-ill write on your wall \i love you \""\",0c83d1f4d3ab774a4b363cbf14b7a5cf,i just love coming home to a cold house  sad 
off to work until 12
just fit into jeans i haven't worn since sophomore year in college  smile  super stoked!!
"just got back from p-burg with steph, got a pretty awesome outfit for my interview  smile "
home from work for the day  
<propfirst> tosh  love 
work until 5   
anybody wanna go see nonpoint in p-burg next friday?
"oh boy, staff meeting today, can't hardly wait!! home at 6 "
"ok, tickets to see nonpoint are $15, think i am definately going, who's in?"
"you know, for being snowed in i had a pretty good day  love "
"ahh, can't wait for this coming week to get started, its gonna be so awesome!! mo-town, then nonpoint, then mississippi!!!!"
"got my tickets for nonpoint, super excited!!!!"
"steelers fans are gonna hate me, but gooo jets  ultimately i want the bears for the championship though!"
"disturbed, korn, and sevendust in mo-town tomorrow, ahh i cant wait  smile   love "
"soooo sore, but soooooo worth it!!!  love "
nonpoint tonight!! hope this weather holds up!  smile 
two words for tonight      f*ing phenomenal  smile 
"starting my journey to mississippi, i hope its the beginning of a long, new adventure  smile "
"stuck in ms bc of the weather up north, dunno when i will make it back  sad "
made it home
just got home   last couple hours of work were crazy!!!
"off to work until 6, i know this morning is going to be crazy!"
"yay!!! apparently my water pipes were not really fixed, and now i have no water at all, since it all drained out under my house "
"i'm interested in getting a roomate, if anyone is looking for a place in calhoun message me and i will tell you all about it  smile "
go greenbay!!!!!
happy birthday mom  love 
chicka chicka dynamite  smile 
"asians we get it you can do the robot, wonder where they get that from           cuz they make robots, all day     love  tosh 0"
"holy sh*t!!!!, that about sums up today's discoveries "
"off to work, wishing it was saturday instead of thursday  sad "
"ugh, all this stress makes for a restless night"
jeez  already off to a rough start at work    1st thing emergency c-section on a goat  gotta love fridays  smile 
heading to p-burg  smile 
home again home again   jiggity jig  smile 
"seriously needs some sleep, but is too excited  smile "
i think i am going to go 4wheelin' while the weather is decent  smile 
"even though we had to go rescue my 4wheeler from the bottom of a hill, and my thighs feel like they are constantly burning, today was a good day"
"feeling great this morning even though it is very difficult to go up and down stairs, or sit down  playful "
work was torture to my muscles
it all just keeps getting better and better  sad 
"home, sick     in bed  sad "
 love  boondock saints 2
i have luscious brown eyes that can melt a soul like chocolate ; )
holy  crap this place is gonna give me a panic attack!!
"work, then a little time before girls night!!!!  smile "
"horseback riding today, ahh its been too long"
i think its nap time now  smile 
"had a great weekend all around, now i m off to work until 2"
off to get educated  smile 
"back from <propmale>, learned a lot  smile "
"had a dream we had a big snow storm and everything was shut down,         that better not be a premonition "
i just love it when i am appreciated  love   smile 
going to go enjoy the great outdoors  love 
"i'm so bad     i'm so good, that i'm so bad "
"hmmmm, what will today bring? probably nothing  smile "
 smile 
"life is 2 short so love the 1 u got cuz u might get runover or u might get shot  never start no static i just get it off my chest  never had to battle with no bulletproof vest  take a small example take a tip from me, take all of ur money and give it up to <propfemale>  loves what i got it's within my reach  it all comes back to u ur gonna get what u deserve  try and test that ur bound to get served "
well my day was interesting to say the least    
is ready for a strong drink after today's events!
getting bobaflex tickets today  smile   love 
\\m          smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>       \\m 
not feeling so hot    it better not be the start of that stomach bug ehhh hemmm  *cough* <propfemale> *cough*
"somehow, my brilliant blind pooch, managed to shut herself in my bedroom sometime between this morning and my arrival home "
tired of being sick  sad 
i am from another planet  you will never understand it  we are a race that likes to acquire things 
"got some meds in my system, hopefully i will be back to 100% in no time"
"can't breathe, therefore can't sleep"
it was too gorgeous outside to have felt so crappy 
cleaning again     can't wait for saturday   \\m 
fml     but i did do my first jugular stick today  smile 
just got home    now i'm off again    
happy st  patricks day to all my friends and family  smile 
its st  <propfemale>'s day and i don't even get to go out  sad 
awesome night!! \\m   surprise 
you know i think its really shitty that through a break-up you realize who was truly your friend and who was just your friend because of your significant other  even people i knew before the relationship haven't spoken to me  but thank you to the people who have continued to be my friend 
love thunderstorms  love 
hmmmm
"played me some guitar hero last night for the first time in awhile  oh yeah, i still got it!  wink    \\m "
"if i was richer, i'd still be with ya  well aint that some shit? and though there's pain in my chest i still wish you the best with a     fuck you "
"work until noon, then looking forward to my weekend  smile "
interested in what today might bring  smile 
"still looking for a roommate  if anyone is interested, or knows someone who might be, message me for contact info "
off to work until 2     joy joy
"so let us melt, and make no noise, \no tear-floods, nor sigh-tempests move ; \'twere profanation of our joys \to tell the laity our love  \moving of th' earth brings harms and fears ; \    men reckon what it did, and meant ; \but trepidation of the spheres, \though greater far, is innocent "
some people are just ignorant  go ahead and keep on living in your fantasy world 
let's never do this day again  agreed?
"work until noon, looking forward to tonight  smile "
"can't you see i'm easily bothered by persistence one step from lashing out at you    you want in to get under my skin and call yourself a friend i've got more friends like you what do i do?  is there no standard anymore? what it takes, who i am, where i've been belong you can't be something you're not be yourself, by yourself stay away from me a lesson learned in life known from the <propfemale> of time"
"new game: there's enough history between your friends that something reminds you of them, a song, a movie trailer  so, if you like this status, i will find a youtube video to post on your wall that reminds me of you  afterwards, copy & repost so i can do the same "
 love  loving this gorgeous day  love 
got flowers to plant  smile   love 
"home    thinking about mowing, but i dunno yet  smile "
work work work     blah
this had to have been my hardest day on the job ever  sad 
"this is going to be a good weekend, i will make it so "
 love   love   love  mom and <propfirst>  love   love   love 
i can not believe it has been 2 years to the day since my family and i had my parents taken away from us  i love them and miss them so much!  love  <propfirst> and <propfemale> flanagan  love 
i feel like burnt toast
"all day on farm calls, and beautiful weather outside makes for a great day at work  smile "
karaoke tomorrow with my girls!!!  laugh 
its friday friday fridaayyy  playful         stupid song
"tell me what you want, what you really really want   smile "
today seems like a good day to go get muddy  smile 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  how we met  2  my first impression of you  3  what i like about you  4  favorite memory of you  5  but if you like this you must put it as your status 
can't sleep  annoyed 
sunday dinner with family  smile 
pandora music hates me  sad 
"wow, this day just keeps getting better and better!! fml"
lots of projects planned for the day  smile 
boooorrrred!!!!
thunderstorms  love 
"put in a little overtime today, and got my ticket dismissed like a boss  smile "
found a four-leaf clover on my walk  smile 
"enough with the f*@#ing rain already, i want 70 degrees and sunshine"
 love  blackberry pies  love 
out with shawwwwnnnniii  smile 
made it home safe and sound after an awesome night!!! sleepy time now  playful 
hope all of my friends and family have a happy easter > surprise )
"wow, its so nice out  smile  i must do something today; go hiking, 4wheeling, or take d for a walk     hmmm decisions, decisions"
<propfemale> has pyometra most likey  she is having emergency surgery this afternoon  sad 
<propfirst> and isolde  love 
all this stress + staying up until 2 for my doggy= sucky immune system 
"work, work, work, and no play, makes me very dull today "
"even though i am hating all this rain, i love the sound of it on a tin roof  love "
going   going     gone   
apparently my ex is trying to kill me  playful          good luck i'm invincible with my four-leaf clover 
can't talk        literally
hmmm work should be interesting with my temporary speech impedement  playful 
new doggy = awesome  smile 
"<propmale> is gone and kohana is in da house  smile    it means swift, i like the sound of it and it fits his intelligence "
two weeks until i get to see my  love  family  love  !!!
"uhhh, mother nature, in case you weren't aware, it is may now  the excessive showers are supposed to stop to make room for all the flowers "
now that the sunshine is back i am going to take this opportunity to go hiking on the hill in millstone with kohana  smile 
had a really great visit with one of my parent's friends who i hadn't seen in a long time  smile 
yeah (french) toast!! \\m 
music+book+outside=near perfection       a fire would make it perfect  smile 
why is the rum always gone      because i keep drinking it  playful 
work until 2       ah i love my tuesdays
blah    how am i supposed to walk my pooch in this weather?
"but baby, you hardly even notice when i try to show you  this song is meant to keep ya from doing what you're supposed to  like waking up too early, ,maybe we can sleep in  i'll make you banana pancakes pretend like it's the weekend, and we could pretend it all the time  can't you see that it's just raining, there ain't no need to go outside "
today work   tomorrow work    and then black stone <propfemale>!!
so apparently i got free gasoline yesterday  playful       oh and i saw a bobcat this morning 
black stone <propfemale> 2nite! woo hoo!
"got guitar picks from 3 out of the 4 bands tonight, <propmale> bliss was once again awesome, bobaflex band members were in attendance, and black stone <propfemale> was great! \\m ( troubled )\\m "
work? after last night?      pshh i got this  smile 
i just love hearing sharp teeth snapping at your face     fun fun
"go away rain, i would like to have a fire if its not too much to ask "
"happy mother's day to all the mothers i know and love  love your mother all the time  you only get one, and they leave us much too soon  i love and miss my mom everyday  love "
going for a 4wheeler ride on this gorgeous day          can't wait until next weekend!!!
"man i have so much to do today     mow the lawn, lay out in the sun, go 4 wheeling, and sit by a fire     i don't know how i'll ever get it all done  loving my country life  love "
work was really good today  smile 
"you admire me, i know you do  even if you don't like me! you know why? because i take the lemons of my life and make the best damn lemonade you ever tasted "
"ok people, so i really need a roommate  even if no one within my friends is looking for a place, please help me spread the word  ask your friends, etc  guy or girl will do, and bills are cheap  smile "
"work today    picking up the sibs tomorrow, then camping alllllll weekend  smile "
going to take a nice jog with my pooch  love 
packing up    be off into the woods soon enough  love 
"camping until monday  love  , i actually get service up there so htc  smile "
well camping was interesting to say the least       i think i'll lay off the sailor <propfirst>'s for a bit  playful 
"rain, you are about to make jogging even less fun than it already is  sad "
"so   the person that i was planning on going to the seether concert with, can't come  so i have an extra ticket if anyone wants to go with me  smile "
"work until 5, then vacation for a week!!!!!"
let the vacay begin and the countdown to rotr start ticking!!!
"i just absolutely love smelling like bleach      damn you poison <propfemale>, you have won this time "
rotr here i come!!!!! \\m ( troubled )\\m 
went crowd sufing for the first time     hell yeah!!!! \\m 
"lessons learned yesterday      1  fat men and women should not crowd surf, they will hurt you when they land on your neck and smash your head into the rail  2  if your on the rail, security is your friend  3  form a bond with those around you quickly  4  you can't go all day from 9-7 on a granola bar and water in the hot sun, you're bg will drop  ready for round 2? i got this "
"got to grab the ass of the lead singer of 10 years       ok not grab, but palm it as he crowd surfed over my head   playful "
"layed down to take a nap, woke up saw that it was almost 7, freaked out because i thought it was 7 am tomorrow  haven't been that disoriented in forever "
walking my pooch  love 
can't hardly turn my head this morning     i'd like to meet the girl that landed on top of my neck and punch her in the face 
"apparently no onions also means no lettuce or tomato  done with this day, next please "
cosmo and blackberry icecream  love 
i think i'll get my fishing license today  love  definately need a lake trip soon!
"drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke     campfire smoke that is  camping out with shawni and <propfemale> tonight  smile "
ahhh fishing  love 
"looks like i'll be tearing the rest of my ceiling tiles down in the living room and dining room, since half of them decided to fall down last night  sad "
"oh lake sutton, i have missed you so  i will see you in a couple hours   smile "
"really wishing i could talk to my momma today, could use her advice on sooo many things  sad "
"hmmm, never had a bomb threat called in on a concert before, but hey there's a first for everything, and the show must and did go on \\m     love  seether"
going to go enjoy the warm breeze and watch the storm roll in  love 
up this early? on a sunday? wtf?
grilling out this evening  love 
seriously reconsidering my love of walking around barefoot after killing that baby copperhead last night 
i just love getting chewed out for something i didn't even bring up  annoyed 
"it's a <propmale> dancer's choice my friend; better take my advice \you know all the rules by now and the fire from ice \will you come with me, won't you come with me?\whoa - oh, what i want to know-oh, will you come with me?"
"well its that time of year again, when the splooge trees are blooming     makes driving with the windows down a little less pleasant "
i'm so excited!!!
"just got skype, we'll see how this goes  playful "
"so much can be said through silence   as hard as it seems, all that we need, is too close to be seen    our lives, you build your walls for me to climb   a billion walls for me to climb "
i'm gonna e playful lode like a firework     kapoohie     then what?
"your strength is determined by the e playful eriences you have had, the hardships you have endured, and the people who try to bring you down  man am i strong!"
"yay, i finally have a roomie!! on the downside kohana killed one of my neighbors chickens  sad "
"its days like today i wish i either had better tools, or a man who knew what the hell they were doing when it comes to fixing mowers "
"i got the letter c\\something i like: country living\something i love: canines\something i hate: cheating\something that's bad: crack or cocaine (drugs are bad)\\like and i'll give you a letter "
"norton, you're the only one that can scan my hard drive like no other  playful "
black bear ran out in front of my car on creston hill  sweeeet!
can we fast forward 2 weeks please?
its gonna be a gooood weekend all the way to sunday evening  smile 
"work for 4 hours, it can't fly by fast enough!!"
"i'm soooo bad, i'm so good, that i'm so bad!        four lokos with the bff!!!"
"happy father's day to all the wonderful fathers out there! to all the ones that truly are a part of their childrens lives  just remember they don't have to be blood for them to be yours  <propfirst> was my dad in all the areas that counted  he cared for me, looked after me, and loved me like and real daddy would  i love him and miss him so much  i know no matter what he'll always be proud of me   love "
fishing with the bff and her hubby=wonderful day  love 
mower is fixed    gonna go mow   thank you again!!!
i just want to curl up in my bed and lay there all day  sad 
finally talked to someone with frontier that new what they were doing!
<propmale> <propmale> met eminem yesterday   it went like so    eminem: i'm not afraid! <propmale> <propmale>: i love the way you lie 
pickles are just zombie cucumbers            saw this and made me think of shawni nemeth  playful 
i retract my previous statement about four lokos being awesome       not so much  sad 
"work until 2, then bathing my heathen  smile "
plan for the day: work   then to the hardware store to get some things to <propfemale> my hammock   then have a cold one in said hammock  smile 
feeling a little under the weather     this crap better pass before saturday!!
one more day!!!
hate getting home sooo late   welp off to make tator salad and banana pudding for 2 morrrrooooow
"thump, pshewww, boom, crackle          "
could not have asked for a better time last night!!!  smile 
hope everyone had and has as good of a 4th weekend as i have!!
hmmm i'd be much more excited about work if it were last tuesday    is it any wonder why?
jogging with kohana  love 
"friends stay with you through thick and thin, they don't let you blow away   they try to comfort you when your hurt or down  that's what a true friend means!"
so even though i'm not so happy i had to clean off a shredded rabbit on my porch    i can't help but be impressed that my cat can take down prey the size of her 
"home from work late, so no jog with kohana    *pouty face*"
off to pburg for the whole day          smile 
"two truths and a lie    1) people think i'm younger than i am by my looks, and older by my personality  2) i can't stand kids  3) i could live where i am for the rest of my life  post what you think is a lie  then repost as your status "
spent a much needed day with my 2nd momma  smile 
"holy strawberries batman! were caught in a jam         this status is dedicated to my twin, <propfemale> c  macintyre  playful "
jogging in the rain may be the 2nd best thing  love 
"there's something 'bout driving way too fast,\switching gears and hammerin' on the gas\and the fact that they ain't caught me yet,\tells me i ain't ready to quiiiiit  smile "
interesting          bwa ha ha haaaa
"band i was given: metallica from <propfemale> kirby\song i love: enter the sandman\song i like: one\song i hate: don't really hate anything, but i don't really like anything from their new album \like my status and i will give you a band "
jogging on top of zumba? wtf was i thinking?  surprise  at least i'll sleep good tonight  playful 
"work      surgeries this morning, then answering phones this afternoon    fun fun"
bringing the world love and silliness since 1987 
"had an awesome birthday yesterday, thank you to everyone that was a part of! especially <propfemale> snodgrass, shawni nemeth, and <propfemale> collins!!! thanks for all the birthday wishes!"
"there's a point in time where you realize you're giving wayyyy too much credit to someone you thought helped you through the rough times of your life  but looking back, it was all me baby! my own inner strength is what overcame  they were just a crutch that kept me from healing sooner!"
it's an important day for geneticists       peas are good  playful 
"holy hell! i love jogging, but this heat is killing meeee!"
truck pulls  love 
mud bogs tonight and tomorrow night!! yippee
"adidas          shoes for jogging? maybe, or maybe not     playful "
goin' 4wheeling in <propmale> country  love 
double rainbow over the farm     love it  love 
rip frenchy (a k a  my big orange fish)
remind me not to attend a pool party at tacie's when i have to work the next day!  playful 
holy f*ck!!   that's what i said when i almost stepped on a copperhead jogging!
8 1 2 inches  sad 
" annoyed    just love it when people start rumors, even better when they have noooo idea what's really going on "
a crazy day at work making a 12 hr shift and a flat tire 3 <propmale> from my road      all worth it to meet the two kind and generous souls that stopped and helped me  someone is definitely watching over me  love   love   love 
love coming home to a herd of deer in the yard and a clear starry sky  love 
i want to go to the drive-in dang it!
i wanted to post a joke up here but all i could think of was your face  smile  ba ha ha hah     have a nice day!
"so chemical that is corrosive to the eyes splashes up, where does it go?    well my eye of course, causing me to spend my day in the er  but hey, at least i had a cute doctor  now i have to rinse my eye every 30 <propfemale>  sad "
cold shower after a good run? i think so  smile 
no accidents today! *cheers and applause*
anyone else think young guns is an awesome movie?
off once again to another truck pull with shawni nemeth  smile 
 smile   love   smile   love 
"5 hrs down, 5 to go     and please go quickly!"
"maybe a run will make my headache go away, cuz it sure as hell can't make it worse "
"cleaning house, then getting into some fun with miss nemeth this evening!  smile "
"woo hoo, if all goes well, my grandma's house should be sold by mid-september  which means we'll finally be able to pay off my parent's estate and my sibs and i will officially own the place!  smile   love "
 love  its nights like these that i live for  smile   love 
why oh why can't i ever sleep in? can't my biological alarm turn off for two days a week? thats all i get!
"bff time, its been too long  smile "
"i'm a serial killer \here are the rules \go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side \1st person turns you in: <propfemale> campos\2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone: <propfemale> oosthuizen\3rd person is your partner in crime: <propfirst> <propfirst> workman\4th person is your victim: <propfirst> greathouse\5th person tries to kill you: <propmale> montoya\6th person is the police officer that arrested you: <propmale> riggs\7th person is your lawyer: <propfemale> kraemer"
starting the application process once again      still not sure about it though  annoyed \
my muscles are sooooo stiff!!!
you know what'll really wake you up in the morning?     falling down the stairs and pinching your neck in the process! fml 
jogging does not sound appealing to my sore butt  annoyed 
not tired at all       how does this happen?
its not a matter of where it grips it  its a simple matter of weight ratio! a 1 lb bird can not <propfemale> a 5 lb coconut!!
its almost mardi gras time!!! going to pretend like dub v is the <propfemale> tonight!
"hmmm, thought this breezy weather would be perfect for a jog     curse you sun for overpowering the cool breeze with your beating rays!!"
"i hate when i set my alarm for 6 pm instead of am, it does not make for a pleasant morning      work til 2"
jog was nice  love 
just got some really crappy news that completely killed my good mood  sad 
"maybe its the feeling, maybe its the freedom, maybe its that shady spot    "
"answering phones today, putting that biology degree to good use   ha ha jk, i kinda enjoy it  playful "
"oh yeah!! just figured out how to get music from my ipod onto my hard drive, now i won't lose all my music when i download itunes  laugh "
out on the town with the bff  love 
lazy day     then maybe a little mud action later  love 
it has been a beautiful day!!! definitely starting to feel like fall though 
"wow, just timed my mile for the first time    13 minutes, pretty sure thats way better than my time when i played soccer and ran cross country  surprise      and i wasn't even pushing it! 2morrow i'm gonna give it all i got!"
i need an on off switch for my brain!!
apparently i just e playful erienced my first earthquake and didn't even know it    girls eating lunch upstairs came down and asked if i felt that     uhhh feel what?
its just one of those missing them like crazy kind of days! i would pay a million dollars to hear their voices and have just one more hug!
well i was wondering when they were gonna mow my privacy fence down for hay     playful 
\i won't justifyyyy \,0c83d1f4d3ab774a4b363cbf14b7a5cf,"after today, i am feeling truly fortunate! people never cease to amaze me when it comes to kindness and generosity  love "
man this week flew by     so did this month for that matter!
"oh my lots and lots to do    go run, make potato salad        work, bridal shower, and pool party tomorow     then 5k sunday!! wish me luck!"
5k after a party is brutal        just sayin  but hey i got 2nd place in my age class  smile 
i'm in need of a good masseuse!
i'm starvin like <propmale>!!!  wink 
super stoked for the game on sunday!!! i've missed you football!
full of energy this morning!     watch out  playful 
"what a lonnnnng day, i hate getting home after 8  sad "
"you're in a horror movie that takes place at your house  go to your profile and look at your 1st 7 friends  write one as each of the following \1st to die: <propfirst> norman\the person who runs upstairs instead of out the door  <propmale> riggs\the killer: paulie mcallister\the accomplice: <propfemale> campos\the cop who doesn't have a clue: <propfemale> wine\the person who hides in the closet: shawni nemeth\the one who saves the day: <propfirst> <propfirst> workman"
1 1 2 more days of work      then weekend!! which is shaping up to be a great one  smile 
must! work! on! vet school! applications!         but i'm such a procrastinator  playful 
gonna party it up with <propfemale> on her last girls' night as an un-married woman!! you better live it up girrrrl!!
"ughhhh, why the heck am i up this early on my day off? fml!"
almost game time!!!!!
lets goooo dub v! keep it up boys!!!
dang weather    so bored   
what'd the 5 fingers say to the face? slap!!!
my morning cartoons      futurama and ugly americans  love 
back to the grind  annoyed 
mmmm egg drop soup        its the perfect thing to eat on this rainy day  love 
the poweroutage was a sign telling me its ok to procrastinate working on my applications  playful 
"you're at a bar  use the 1st 8 friends on your profile \\the pole dancer: <propfemale> collins\bartender: <propfirst> passo\person who tries to get you drunk: <propfemale> campos\your wing man woman: <propfirst> moss\hottest person in the bar: <propfemale> kirby\drunken person in the corner: <propfemale> kraemer\person that gets arrested: <propmale> lowe\person that makes-out with everybody: <propfemale> c  macintyre"
is wondering how the hell i got poison <propfemale>?!?
dress for wedding saturday bought! these things are bout the only time you will catch me in one   playful 
gonna go run my little heart out and burn some of this frustration!
"work, wedding, bar at the reception    need i say more?  playful "
girls night of backroading and dancing was just what i needed  love 
its a curled up on the couch watching movies kinda day  love 
\i'm gonna start a fire, you're gonna feel the heat  \0c83d1f4d3ab774a4b363cbf14b7a5cf,this saturday our clinic is holding a rabies vaccination clinic at several locations within wirt county  if you or anybody you know needs to get their animals vaccinated contact us at 304-489-2799 for stations and prices  smile 
i'm sooo excited!!!!
"its almost concert time  laugh       also\\this saturday our clinic is holding a rabies vaccination clinic at several locations within wirt county  if you or anybody you know needs to get their animals vaccinated contact us at 304-489-2799 for stations and prices  smile "
"all of the bands, with the exception of buckcherry, were awesome!!"
work should be fun  playful 
gettin' ready to go for a run  feels like ages since i've gone!
<propfemale> and i are not on speaking terms!! :  
"worrrk! then i'm so excited to actually have a friday off  playful      if only i had saturday off too! soooo once again    \\this saturday our clinic is holding a rabies vaccination clinic at several locations within wirt county  if you or anybody you know needs to get their animals vaccinated contact us at 304-489-2799 for stations and prices  smile "
dang! if i had saturday off i'd have a 4 day weekend     ahh such is life!
up at 6 smile 0 on my day off! fml!
mmmm bacon n' eggs      it amazes me how long its been since i've had that simple meal   playful 
i want to do something  just don't know what yet  playful 
ughh! not looking forward to waking up at 4 smile 0  :-\\
rabies clinic was a success! out of all the dogs we vaccinated the only one that tried to bite me was a little stinkin' chihuahua  not surprised  i would rather deal with a pitbull or <propmale> shepherd any day  had a blast though! now i'm gonna cook up a storm  smile 
i love the fall for sooooo many reasons  love 
working as a painter today had me thinking about <propfirst> all day  not just because of the tasks i had to do but my employers treated me exactly how he would have treated his employees  never worked them too hard and lunch was always on him or cooked by my mom  great day  love 
 sad  ___:-[ ___ :-\\ ___ indecision ___ :-] ___  smile   turn that frown upside down  playful 
"seems like as soon as i get used to all the new stuff in facebook, they change it again     eh so far i like "
nothing like having a beer hand delivered to me while jogging  thanks friends!
\trouble with you is the trouble with me \,0c83d1f4d3ab774a4b363cbf14b7a5cf,it's gameday baby!!! let's goooo mountaineers!!!!!
"wvu makes me sad     on the other hand fish fries, corn hole, pool, and alcohol makes me happy! so it was a win-lose kinda night  laugh "
i need to get me a rifle  i'm ready to exact my revenge on the deer population around my house!!!
"\oh there were so many fewer questions when stars were still just the holes to heaven \"""""
off to my 2nd jobby  smile 
i don't think 100 showers will wash the smell of polyurethane off of me  playful 
literally just made fall off the bone ribs    oh yeah and pecan pie! have i mentioned how much i love the fall?
