d2a1bcd01137d7c393e9cde71a3859a5
my new niece <propfemale> <propfemale> is here!!!! she is 6lbs 14oz!
happy new year!!! i hope 2010 is great for everyone!
does anyone else have a rotation at lebonheur in january?
sipping on sparkling red wine 
does anyone know when <propfemale> checks will be mailed out?
i have baby fever  smile 
"as much as i love our christmas tree, sadly i think it's time to take it down  bye christmas tree "
back in memphis   yuck!
want's to go camping!!
today is my last day off before i go back to work   sad 
"may just by herself something tonight, it is after all, almost my birthday "
may just buy herself something tonight!
bought myself a birthday gift!!
"happy father's day to my daddy, he's an amazing man and i could not have asked for a better father "
i want <propfemale> damnit!!
is making pad see ew tonight   yum 
<propfirst> and <propfemale> was saaadddd tonight  kiss ( i don't think i can watch anymore 
needs a massage 
just got done with chemo and will be leaving work shortly! yay!
so <propfirst> <propmale> died on my birthday       
is excited for the weekend!
up too early on a saturday to go to work    at least this whole day is overtime 
feels broken 
happy birthday sigma <propfirst>!
"shouldn't have had that soda at 1030, i'm wide awake!"
just woke up  no gym for me this morning    sad face 
going to work at 7 smile 0 am tomorrow   i need to go to bed huh?
"is not getting any emails on my bellsouth account and no idea why, has this happened to anyone else??"
is being held prisoner in the chili's care center   
sipping on some blackberry wine and excited for chattanooga tomorrow!!
"wishes she didn't have to go to work today since she's in such a cleaning mood, these types of moods only come around every few months lol "
"sitting at work waiting for 11     and not super excited about working all weekend, but i'll enjoy the paycheck i suppose "
irritated with the people who i work with big time   why can't people mind they're own fu***** business??!
going to enjoy my day off today!
"organizing stuff today, already did bathroom cabinet and medicine cabinet!  now on to coat closet, drawers and the dreaded bedroom      "
going to the gym tonight to run and lift! still have to clean the bedroom       
never knew sugar free ice cream could be so fantastic!
"does watching \the swan\"" make anyone else want to have plastic surgery?"""
getting ready for cycling class!
"that cycling class kicked my butt, but i made it and even did my lifting!! whoohoo!"
is up really early to do a spinning class!
is feeling homesick for clarksville and missing all her old friends there    i'm coming home on july 24!!
"just saw on a man asking for money that brought tears to my eyes, dear lord please help that man, bring him peace "
have to get ready to go to work  sad   sad   sad 
cpr re certified!
has alot on her mind 
had a hellacious night at work     i felt like a wounded dog limping to my car when i left     
dreading resuming my cleaning of the house    
"was heading back to school for patient assessment and saw the exit for the interstate, briefly thought about making a run for it, then thought better of it and here i am  meh "
"just uploaded a ton of pics from disney, then as the last few were uploading, got an \upload failed\"" message   oh well guess i'll try again tomorrow  it was 181 pics too   sad """
welcome to the world charli julianna-jane denton!! 6 lbs 12 oz 18 in long!
back home after an amazing weekend 
happy because i bought a new computer last night   sad because now i have to wait for it to get here 
sad face 
can't wait until this exam is over tomorrow so i can catch up on true blood!!
it would be raining this morning wouldn't it?
"is thankful for my dad right about now   that rain x he put on my windshield really improved my vision in the monsoon today   i still had to drive like 40-50 mph on the interstate, but at least i could see   now that i think about it, i'm irritated i had to risk my life for an exam   i'm not exagerating either, the interstate in memphis is dangerous when it rains like that "
"is doing another spinning class tonight, and is going to fully enjoy it   smile "
doesn't want to go to class today   sad 
i won't miss anything if i skip class today right?
"rain, rain go away!!"
i don't wanna wait till june 2010 for new tb episodes   sad 
"accomplished alot today   now i want to eat, i made a pork tender loin, stuffing, and corn on the cob   smile "
did decent in therapeutics  smile 
staying home today to work on my patient 
do we have a lit quiz tomorrow?  anyone?
has to work all weekend  what a travesty   sad 
"i asked my somewhat un-sober husband a few minutes ago \will what's a valve?\"" his response: \""a-e-i-o-u    and sometimes y\""  bahahahaha!"""
"has to go to the dentist today for a routine cleaning, wish me luck!  annoyed "
has two flu shot clinics today   it's gonna be a long day 
"october is down syndrome awareness month!! myth # 1-babies with down syndrome are born to older women   in reality 80% are born to mothers under age 35, and the average age is 28 "
left st  <propfirst> at 12 smile 0 last night   ughh 
going to work till 3 smile 0  thank god for coffee 
feeling a little under the weather (not h1n1 lol!) but i'm gonna go to patient assessment anyway  sad 
"studying, then applied at 1, then more studying!!  sad "
is bored 
"did you know pharmacists can be board certified in nutrition support pharmacy, nuclear pharmacy, oncology pharmacy, psychiatric pharmacy, or pharmacotherapy?"
people send me farmville and yoville gifts!! lol
needs a miracle this morning       sad 
"is ok with all of her rotations except for 1   and that 1 i'm pretty mad about, how did i get one i didn't list anywhere???"
"p3s-how was the law quiz, i almost forgot about it!!!! getting ready to take it now       sad "
"if anyone used to play yoville, but doesn't anymore would gift me all their stuff   i would be mucho happy   i know it's silly but this game is providing me free entertainment   laugh "
thank god i passed that final     my grade wasn't great but i passed yay!!!
done with my patient write-up and exhausted!! still much preparation to do before presentation tomorrow  sad 
"just had too much fun singing \da dip\"" in karoake hahahaha    yeah i should be studying """
ok everyone    scroll all the way down on the facebook homepage where is says english (us) and click it  they have a english (pirate) and it's pretty funny!!! arg!!! hahahaha!!!!
ready to leave for clarksville tomorrow morning bright and early!!
"got lots to do today!! fingerprinting, pick up dry cleaning, clean house and study study study!!"
omg i had 1257 photos on my rebel!!!!! it's gonna be fun to go through them all    hope the computer can handle it!! lol
why do i feel like i'm forgetting to do something vitally important??!
can't wait till after this test today!!! who's with me?
"i need to study for clinical lit today, finish decorating the chrismtas tree, and clean the house, and cook dinner and take our christmas card picture tonight  can i do it?"
"going to wing this final, then write my reflection paper and have to work this afternoon  sad  how come i can't enjoy fridays like everyone else??  sad "
"soo   got my living room and kitchen cleaned today, and went out on a nice date with my hubby to outback! it was an enjoyable evening, i love him!"
just finished my last final!!! no more pharmacy school class work   i'm really thrilled!!
passed therapeutics!!
"just curious, does anyone have a basic institutional rotation in january at lebonheur with muniraju?"
"have a productive day   finished my last final    found out i passed all my classes, and got all our christmas cards sent out!!! yahhooo!!!"
need to get my but up and finish the house in time to pick will up from work and go to <propfemale> <propfemale> to eat dinner!!
tired!! leaving for fl in about 40 minutes!! hopefully     
i need fishville and fish world gifts everyone!! please!!
please send me fishville and fish world gifts  smile 
has to go to work today  sad 
i need fishville and fishworld presents  smile  <propmale> guys for humoring me ;b
"farmville friends: i need the gingerbread man, northpole sign, and giant lollipop under free gifts  smile  pretty please?"
fishville friends: if you are feeling genorous this morning i really need free gifts! i really want plants or decor i can't fit anymore fish right now lol
if u play yoville free open toe shoes on live deals  hurry only 1 <propfemale> left
"i just started opening my farmville gifts from the tree, and they are actually really good lol i'm excited  i've gotten a gray tabby, <propfemale> chicken, alien cows, fuel refills    "
could u guys send me more farmville presents    i guess we can still recieve them through today?? <propmale> so much!!
"spending christmas <propfemale> at st  <propfirst>, and i'm a-ok with it  smile "
almost 5 pm! then leaving straight from work to drive 3 hrs to clarksville! hope <propfemale>ryone has had a wonderful christmas <propfemale> so far!
so why did the farmville presents start off really cool and now all i'm getting is stupid ornaments and gold soldiers    booo farmville!
at st  <propfirst> till 7 pm 
"it's 3:25, only 3 hrs and 35 <propfemale> before i get to leave  laugh "
2 hrs 30 <propfemale>       
is going to have a new neice very soon i think    squeeeeeeee!!!!!!
"? ~ ? ~ ? ~\?~?~?~ happy new year ~?~?~?\?????????????????????????????? ? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????\~?~ wishing you a great 2011 !!!!!!! ~?~"
happy new year everyone!! i woke up feeling crappy  sad  hopefully 800mg of ibuprofen and 120mg of sudafed will help  sad   sad 
feeling slightly better   but not all the way   wtf   and i have sooo much to do today   sheesh 
ok friends: did anyone get any really cool wii games for christmas?? i have an amazon gift certificate and want a new wii game 
any of my friends going to be at st  <propfirst> bartlett in january for rotation?
"am i the only one who tears up when i watch those \foundation for a better life\"" commercials?? they are all so sweet!"""
"watching \the wedding singer\"" lol"""
finally got all the christmas stuff down   now just have to finish house cleaning and wash clothes  oh the joys of going back on rotation!
i wanna go home   i'm hungry and got lots of stuff to do for tomorrow  sad 
word to the wise  don't ever attempt to cut your own bangs    big girls don't cry     big girls don't cry      
"rotation recap: first day went ok   got my badge made and watched some videos  dr  muniraju gave me the choice of rotating between the different departments in the hospital and seeing some procedures for the month, or basically working as a tech the whole month  which option do you think i chose? lol and he thinks i'll be there from 8-4 each day   shouldn't be too bad  i do have to do a project though   boooo  sad "
"fishville friends  how do you open the gifts, aren't they suppose to open today?"
i wonder what is in store for me on rotation today?
rotation recap day 2: got to be in the trauma room while they were working on two pediatric motor vehicle accident victims   it was like one of those reality er tv shows   the good news is that both of them are going to recover  i spent the rest of my day shadowing 2 of the most down-to-earth clinical pharmacists i have ever met!
kind of hoping the weather isn't bad tomorrow   i don't think snow is an excuse in the world of rotations is it?
yellow
yellow and pink
how come no one has hatched my <propfemale> eggs yet? lol
i need 4 more people to help with my barn raising   can you click on my profile and find the post? i don't think i can repost it   
i just need one more person to help with my barn raising     it will let you help once a day!
wow i have 2 chicken coops now!! does anyone else?
errr farmville makes me mad  why is everything for farmcash?! sheesh      all that cute cow print stuff and the lop eared <propfemale>  sad 
i only need 3 more people to help with my barn raising  ya'll are awesome  smile 
i went to wash clothes  and our washer is frozen    sigh    i really wanted to wash clothes!
i need just 2 more people to help with my barn raising! puhleeze? thanks so much ya'll!
only need one more person to help with my barn! plz and <propmale>!!
"<propfemale> alert!! 3 yr old boy taken by man in rochester mn driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse   plate # 98b351   repost if you wish   you know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew \seriously!!! i e playful ect to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times    a child is in danger!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
omg somehow i lost my last barn raising!!!!! *sobs* i think i accidently clicked cancel     waaaahhhhh!!  sad   sad  please help again!
i think i only need 2 or 3 more  smile  http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=63703006&frid=4f7e1e5623d78b01f18ad0d848b819bd&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
need 2 more  smile  http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=63703006&frid=10b4711668944db75b754b6380ac37d9&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
need one more person's help and i'm done!! at least until i buy another barn or shed haha  http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=63703006&frid=6d787fdcbeca4f314a2839f77a17c318&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
i wonder what i'll be doing on rotation tomorrow? i hate not knowing   sad 
before i go to bed does anyone need help with their barn raisin'? if so please paste your link as a comment  smile 
"reminder for my non-yoville non farmville non any other game playing friends: to stop the clutter of  posts on your wall, please put your cursor in the top right corner of the game post, and choose  \hide farmville etc\""    this will stop the clutter of all the game postings for you  smile  (i stole this idea from <propfemale>)"""
9 inches  sad 
"is trying to get through the day  so far it's slow  i'm working on my rotation project at the moment, then i have laundrey to do when i get home  i'm still sad "
"it's getting closer to being home time! i'm going up on the floor with one of the pharmacists, then i have to go to the va to have fingerprinting done  sad "
to my friends who play petville    at what level did you get your 5th room? or can you only buy the 5th and 6th rooms?
"at rotation, then fingerprinting and the bank    i hate going to the bank  sad "
heading over to st  <propfirst> at 3 surprise 0  can't wait to get home tonight fridays are so lloonngg!!
"if you play happy aquarium, will you send me gifts please?  smile  i'd greatly appreciate it "
i just ate way too many cookies    making homemade cookies was a bad idea 
"st  <propfirst>, please help me find my lost earring! it was one of my favorites!!  sad   sad "
can my farmville buddies send me mystery gifts? i'm holding out hope i'll actually get something good 
can my farmville friends tell me how to get some more chicken coops? i have a tonnnn of chickens and don't know what do with them all      it's way to tedious to try to collect from them all one by one   and it sucks to try to put them in the coop i have 20 at a time   takes hour!! help!!
"errrr this has not been my week for losing things    a few days ago i lost a beloved <propfemale> earring, and when i got home this afternoon, the flower from my ballet flats was gone   sad  big sad face "
"if you play fishville, are you having trouble? i'm not given the option to feed neighbors fish   and all the treasure chests always say come back tommorow even if i haven't collected   sad "
must work on my project tonight    no other options lol 
can someone motivate me to go back to the gym?? i really wanna start going again!!!
so   i have to be to rotation at 6 smile 0 am tomorrow     i am going to be watching surgeries!!! today i was in the kidney transplant clinic   neat stuff 
can someone clue me on on the pharmacy grand rounds today? are they at ut and what time?? am i totally crazy? lol
is terrified to do her presentation tomorrow   seriously i'm scared   sad   sad 
so my first rotation presentation is today   and i'm pretty scared  but after today there will be no more basic rotation   yahoooooo seriously i'm ready for a structured rotation instead of fending for myself everyday!!! lol    i start neonatology on monday and i'm excited!!!!
it's snowing hard outside!! and my presentation isn't until 1 smile 0-2 surprise 0 and i haven't left the house yet    hummmmm what if i can't make it?!
ok friends  i made it through the presentation ok    i am officially through with my first rotation!!!
had a long first day of rotation in the nicu   but i got to fix a baby's nasal canula and turn up her oxygen! i felt like i actually did something   smile 
"can someone tell me what \further action will be taken\"" means? give me a break       """
does anyone remember the password to view the proofs of our graduation pics??
farmville friends can you please send me the wooden boards for my horse stable? thanks so much!!!
all i need is 2 bricks and 5 wooden boards  smile 
"so if campus is closed, we don't go to rotation right??"
farmville friends! i need 1 more brick and 4 more wooden boards to complete my horse stable!! please help and let me know if you need anything as well   smile 
i need just 1 more board and 2 bricks!! please  smile 
can someone motivate me to clean the house???
"if anyone has bricks to give, i only need two more to complete my stables  smile  please!!"
"farmville friends: i only need one more brick to finish my stable, could someone help me out?  smile  thanks so much!!!"
can someone send me a brick? i just need one to complete my stable  smile 
petville friends: i've accepted 20 roses and 7 kisses and it still is saying i'm only 9 out of 10 on completing the challenge  sad  anyone else having this problem?
"going to the gym for the first time in a while   wish me luck, i wanna shape up for summer!"
ok  the man on the news that just talked about <propfirst> county schools make-up days due to snow had the most evil smirk on his face!! bahahah that man was glad those kids have to make up snow days!! lol
unhappy this evening 
"friday's are my long day    rotation probably till 5, then work at st  <propfirst> till 11pm "
has anyone had an adult oncology rotation with rajanna at the va? just wondering how it went    
i have a hair appt at 3 smile 0 and an eye appt at 1:15    trying to utitilize my one day off lol    must finish my powerpoint tonight as well   sad 
rotation exam tomorrow and presentation on friday  i want this week to be over  sad 
"last day of rotation, got presentation at 11, then working at st  <propfirst> tonight  i wish i could like fridays again    tomorrow morning we are going to clarksville  smile "
if you play mafia wars can you add me to your mafia somehow?
anyone else going to the va this morning?
to my facebook friends: how do i get the hotrod tractor? i am currently level 11 in mafia wars and it's still saying locked!!  sad 
for ppl who play petville: can you still buy the rock band thingy for the pawz stuff?
my <propfirst> broke  sad 
can one of my petville neighbors send me the mini tractor? its only for today right?
"whereas last month's preceptor wanted me to chime in and speak up alot on rounds, this month's preceptor just seems to want me to keep my mouth shut on rounds    le' sigh "
"anyone want to donate to the \buy <propfemale> a new flat iron because she's desparate without one\"" fund? lol"""
i think i'm getting my second cold in 3 years  this sucks   sad 
is feeling slightly worse today  sad 
my preceptor sent me home    it's just a cold sheesh 
wants adult oncology to be over  sad 
"got my new flat iron today, can't wait to try it out!!"
had a rough day on rotation    my preceptor has crazy mood swings and i don't know how much more i can take before i go off on him 
i miss my husband!     will turner i love you  smile  mmmwah!
why can't things be the way they used to be??
daylight savings time is kiling me   it feels like its only 925!!
"place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    seoul, south korea (on army base)"
down syndrome is not an illness because people with down syndrome do not need medication to make them better  what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else  93% of my friends will not copy this  will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it for at least one hour!
thinks it's just about time to head to the gym 
did 50 minutes on the elliptical today!! yay!
stuck at the va till who knows when    le' sigh 
"i'm really craving subway tonight, i wonder if dear husband will be up for it "
woke up with a headache
"ya'll     my gas tank is below e    i need to go get gas, but i'm scared i'll run out before i get to the gas station!! but i have to go right? what happens if i run out of gas on the way? will isn't here to bail me out!!! wahhhhh!!!!!"
yoville buddies: is that diving suit rare? does it come out of mystery gifts?
how old is that <propfirst> bieber kid? he's adorable lol
ok looks like the gym is out 
"woke up a little late, so i didn't have time to play on facebook this morning  sad  i can't wait to get home to await <propfirst>'s arrival!! i'm thinking dinner and shopping sounds good for tonight and maybe beale st  tommorow  smile "
2 hours left    i wish my preceptor was in favor of leaving early on fridays    
had a wonderful weekend with my bestfriend! i  love  u <propfirst>  smile 
"didn't get to play on facebook again this morning  sad  i need my husband back, he makes sure i wake up early!!"
sick of this   
"yoville buddies-i only need one more green widget, can someone help me out? <propmale> so much!"
farmville buddies: if you are able to send 3 eggs at a time i would greatly appreciate it!! and i will send back!
just took a ridiculous rotation exam  apparently no one has ever made above a 50% on his exam   so what's the point? why not make the questions easier so you can see what we actually learned?
last day of this month's rotation  yahooo!!!!!
going to the gym and working extra hard tonight   smile 
"did good at the gym tonight  eliptical for 45 <propfemale>, ran for 15 <propfemale> and then did my ab and back strength excercises  gotta step it up for summer   smile "
goodnight  i'm so tired 
"off alllll day, what am i going to do with myself???"
i guess it's time to get dressed 
going to the gym!! bbs
"every time i go the gym, something ends up cracking me up  some people just do bizarre things when they work out  lmao"
"today's plan: stop by va to drop off my badge, deposit check for will, go to gym, shower and do hair, then go to work at 2 smile 0  sad "
golly it takes me forever to get ready 
happy easter everyone!! have a blessed day!
"getting ready to eat our fabulous easter dinner  i made a glazed ham, stuffing, mashed potatoes & gravy, green bean casserole, rolls and of course cranberry sauce  !! yummm"
me no likey monday   sad 
i should have left the pimple alone  lesson learned 
going to the gym   so pumped to run since i was lazy all weekend 
"just had a really good work out, and as a bonus,weird guy was at the gym again to entertain me "
"baby run   cut a path across the blue skies, straight in a straight line you can't get here fast enough  find your truck, fire it up, <propfemale> on the gas and off the clutch, leave your work in the dust, i need you in a rush     so baby run    "
i don't want the world to see me     cus i don't think that they'd understand  :b
i  love  <propmale> compton  ;b
"back from the gym   ran 2 <propmale>, and rode bike for 8 <propmale>, not sure if i'm liking the bike, i think i may have to go back to my old friend the eliptical tomorrow "
no class today and going to work at 12 smile 0  gonna try for gtl before i go   laugh 
"made it through my workout, did 30 <propfemale> on eliptical and 30 <propfemale>utes power walking up an incline, and of course my ab excercises  i even went tanning! too bad i have to work today   sad "
"class till 11, then headed straight to gym, tanning, squeeze lunch in somewhere, then finally heading to st  <propfirst>  i've got a chemo <propmale> tonight if all goes well  smile "
listening to a congenital heart defect lecture that i've already heard twice before 
"just ate way too much!! c'mon body, metabolize metabolize!!!! ugh lol"
just got home and getting ready for bed  gotta work tomorrow so no gym  sad 
our computer has a virus and i'm so frustrated and upset  i've spend so much time trying to remove it   sad 
the virus is goonneee!!!! thanks so much <propfirst>!!!
just got back from the gym  currently enjoying a glass of raspberry wine with the husband and planning to start dinner in about 30 minutes  we are having shrimp <propmale> with fresh bread  yum!
woke up with a headache  bummer  sad 
"had a nice lunch with the husband at a little mediterranean cafe, then got a cute new outfit! this day has already been a success and it's not even 1 surprise 0 yet  later we're going to the dog park with hudson, i love it when will has the day off!  love "
"the sweet pomeranian was reunited with his owners! it was great, the poor girl about 14 or 15 was crying and everything, he was obviously loved "
so i had my first session with my personal trainer and it was awesome  i also found out that i currently have 19% body fat and my goal is going to be 13%  i'm pretty happy with that 
"trying to wake up and enjoying my morning coffee  class till 12, then gym and then going to work this afternoon "
happy birthday daddy!!! i love you so much you have been the best dad i could have asked for!
"got considerable work done on my powerpoint  i'm going to work out at 12, then tan, than back home to cram for my pediatric midterm tomorrow and finish my powerpoint  fun!"
<propfemale> apples are just about the best things i've ever eaten  yum 
studying  sad 
i'm in more pain than i've ever been in after a work out  i can barely move!  sad 
just gave my sweet weimaraner man a bath   he hated it but its so worth watching him run around crazy afterwards hahahaha
"kinda sad today, thank god for my husband, i don't know what i'd do without him "
i think it's time 
"working on this presentation is not fun, on the plus side i made some fan-freakin'-tastic tacos for dinner "
i've got a big presentation this morning   sad  not happy about it 
pumping myself up to go to the gym  i finally don't feel like i was hit by a semi  smile 
"good golly    i've seen the \mirena\"" commercial a lot   but i just saw one where they actually listed the possible side effects    yikes!"""
i have lost something that is very important to me and i'm devestated   kiss (
dr  self    seriously?? ugh
i found my sigma <propfirst> letters!! i'm so excited   they were in my bra    no lie  when my necklace came undone the pendant must have fell down the front of my shirt lol i thought they were gone forever   i'm so happy!!
"some guy at the mall was like \hey\"" and i didn't respond   then i heard him loudly say \""why are girls so stuck up?\"" to his friend  seriously? i have a husband waiting for me and i'm not interested in a guy who doesn't realize grunge went out in the 90s  no thanks """
i hate it when my coffee gets cold before i'm done drinking it   sad boo
i wonder if the mailman ever hears me singing    
http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=100000847054706&frid=92aab08feca20bf8a222d5e465a16176&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward please help a fellow farmer with her chicken coop  smile 
i need to call the bank but i don't want to  i get so nervous when i have to call places like that  boo 
"so, on the way home from tanning i saw a boy advertising for little caesar's pizza  his sign that said little caesars on it was in the shape of a life size guitar and he was \playing\"" it with some serious emotion with head banging and all  the funny thing was he had on headphones so he was probably \""playing\"" along with his music  it really cracked me up  this was during rush hour too on a busy road lol"""
i e playful erienced a gym fail today  i don't know what my deal was   but i couldn't run worth a @#$% guess i just had an off day 
got the whole day off with my hubby  i'm about as content as i get 
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth  to stomach  a human hair can hold 6 6 lbs  the length of the penis is  three times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a  woman's heart beats faster than the man  women blink twice as much as  men  we use 300 muscles just to hold the balance when we sta   nd   the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his  thumb 
i love being a girl 
just had some really yummy <propmale> kha chicken soup that was *almost* as good as bangkok alley's   smile 
"yoville friends: can someone send me 1 yellow widget, its all i need  smile "
i think i'm going to try out french riviera on union today for a change 
up way too early on a sunday  going to work be back at 3 smile 0 ;b
today i'm making it my mission to lay my eyes on every piece of clothing that belongs to me in this house  then i will make a decision  keep it or get rid of it 
feelin' pretty crappy    
good morning   i hope today goes ok  yipes   annoyed 
living room is (for the most part) done  moving on to kitchen 
this too shall pass?
"will kept saying this morning that he smelled something funny  i just brushed it off, but then he found the source  one of our gas burners was on low  all night long  thank you god for sparing us and not letting our house blow up!"
gotta pull myself together to go to class   sad  i can do it!!    right?
airing out the house  hudson is so confused as to y all the doors are open 
"gonna try to make it to the gym   i'm all dressed for it just waiting for my iphone to charge (gotta have music!) but now that i'm sitting here i'm reconsidering, maybe a nice walk around the block with hudson??"
am i feeling better today? i can't tell so i'm thinking not  it's nice to have will here though to keep my mind off things 
farmville friends: is it possible for someone to unwither my crops?? i know it gave me the option to do that once for a friend's farm  does anyone know if that's possible??
got lots to do today before my final exam and work  blah!! i'd get soooo much more done if there were no facebook!!
the weather has ruined our plans  we're not going to clarksville  the storms are horrendous and parts of the interstate are flooded so for safety's sake we are staying in memphis  dissapointed is an understatement on how i feel   sad  y did it have to storm this weekend?
tornado sirens going off again  fantastic 
still feeling crabby that we couldn't go to clarksville today  sad  the sirens have gone off at least 5 times  hudson hates those sirens lol
bored bored bored bored bored bored this blows!!! can't do anything and i hate being stuck in the house   sad 
farmville friends: where do you get the mini villa? i saw a few when i was helping neighbors   also saw a white pony with pink hair! how do i get that?
does anyone have am care at the med starting on monday? i'm with campbell  surely i won't be stuck alone all month again   right?
man i don't wanna go back on rotation tomorrow  having a month of electives was oh so nice   sad 
starting a new rotation tomorrow and i'm nervous!!!
starting am care at the med today  wish me luck!!
"i think i'm going to like am care this month, day 1 was a success "
has a headache  sad   sad 
diabetes class this morning and anticoagulation clinic this afternoon! fun day  smile 
we got to ride the elevator with an inmate today    complete with shackels on legs and arms   i just acted like it was totally normal lol
done with my anticoagulation cases   now going to bed  goodnight 
"ugh monday, we meet again "
"just found out my grandpa has cancer, please say a prayer for him  i don't know how much more bad news i can handle this year  2010 has been the worst year ever   sad "
"good morning friends  off to work at 11 smile 0, then home to spend time with my boys "
the power is out at the med! code yellow internal disaster  sad 
"to my non-game-playing friends: i play games\ that generate a lot of posts  this can be irritating if you don't play \ if you don't want to see these, move your cursor over the game message \and the word \hide\"" will appear  click on \""hide\"" for the game name - and\",d2a1bcd01137d7c393e9cde71a3859a5,"wowee, it's almost my anniversary!"
"if you live near a 7-11 and are willing to buy cheap items and send me codes, please send me a message  i need your help!~ lol"
really stressed out  boo  sad 
don't think i've ever been this unprepared for a presentation  i'm so nervous i wanna puke  sad 
please send me positive thoughts today around 2 pm 
"(to my friends who live near 7-eleven) if you go to 7-eleven and have extra yoville or farmville codes, i would love them!"
today is my last full day of am care at the med   smile 
are there any chinese places in memphis that deliver??
"just woke up!! wow haven't slept this long in a long time haha  but i woke up with a headache, do you think it's just because i need caffeine?"
somebody near me is annoying the crap out of me with their stupid laughing  uhhuhuhuhu uhuhuhuhuhu     shut up!
really bored at work  sad 
oh i forgot to tell y'all i'm officially a 4th year pharmacy student now  just 1 more year till i'm a doctor  smile 
i'm very upset i can't find my camera   sad  i feel like i've looked everywhere  sad 
hopefully today will be a better day for me emotionally  i'm thinking positive   smile 
does anyone of my farmville buddies produce pink or purple ponies?? i really want one lol
omg i found my camera!!!!! sweet i'm super excited!!
dragging my lazy butt to the gym   it's been awhile  sad  then work from 2 smile 0-11  sad   sad 
holy cow!! i just ran outside for half an hour and i think i was about 2 minutes from overdoing it!! but it felt soooo good   smile 
"today's plan: go running in about 20 minutes, go to lunch with my hubby, try to do a <propmale> bit of house work, and go to work from 2 smile 0-11pm  if i run out of time guess which item is getting dropped? haha"
goodness i don't wanna go to work today  or tomorrow  or monday  or tuesday  but wednesday? going to clarksville!!!! yay!!
going to bed! today kicked my butt  sad 
"finished run with runmeter, on a new route, time 28:24, 2 24 <propmale>, average 12:41 "
"started run with runmeter at 9:52, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp dimfo0, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
"started run with runmeter at 8 surprise 4, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp bub6vb, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
just now leaving work   tired   sore    and really sick of making chemo  sad 
good god a'mighty i own alot of scrubs 
made it to clarksville  wish things were different but i'm here and gonna enjoy myself  smile 
"started run with runmeter at 10:56, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp bo9vaq, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
i love u guys  y does life have to change when it was so perfect?
going to nashville today  smile 
my big boy weighs 73lbs!!
"home from clarksville  yesterday we had a wonderful time at the cma festival in nashville, i danced on the bar at coyote ugly, and saw zac brown band, rascall flatts, <propfemale> mcbride, <propfirst> currington, eastern corbin and someone else i forgot lol "
gotta go to the gym today    sadly it's just too hot to run outside  sad 
spooning my weimaraner    
uggg i hate going to the ups store   sad 
we's having us a fish fry tonight!  smile 
drinking tea so close to bed time was a bad idea    i think i'll finally try to go to sleep  sad 
"getting ready to go run, then gotta pack for hangliding!!"
"ok p4s, what is this registration thing about?? i'm kinda pissed off about it  sad  i'm really confused      "
i need to do the cat litter boxes and i'm waiting until the lllassssttt minute!!! i despise doing cat boxes    does anyone want some siamese cats?? omg they are annoying   annoyed 
going hangliding at lookout mountain today  smile 
done with the instructional part of <propfemale> gliding    i'm good at alot of things   but <propfemale> gliding is not one of them   i crashed and burned lol
tandem <propfemale> gliding was amazing!!!
just found a beautiful box turtle!
happy fathers' day dad!! i have the best dad in the world  smile 
got to go to work soon  sad  i so wanna call in hahahaha
"we had our roof redone which is pretty awesome, but it's way greener than the shingles i thought we chose  sad "
c'mon 4 surprise 0!!! or at least 11 smile 0 so i can eat  
so the truth came out last night   my husband chose the green shingles : annoyed ol:: i can't help but laugh 
frontierville friends: i can't find my spouse?? lol and i need him to harvest wheat   what gives?? maybe he got tired of my bullcrap and left      hahahhaa
i wish the real world would just stop hassling me    
my captcha to sign in for my bank was b1tch     hmmmmmm         :b
ohhhhhhhhhhhh who lives in a pineapple under the sea? : annoyed istening to music in the st <propfirst> cafeteria lol::
"awe i woke up to lots of sweet birthday messages, thanks everyone  smile "
hummmm what to do before work? i think i'll go to the gym then give myself a pedicure   my idea of fun!  smile 
"ran 5k, now for lunch  smile "
just hangin out in da hood on my birthday   smile 
thanks everyone to for the wonderful birthday wishes!! i loved reading all your messages  smile 
frontierville friends: can a bunch of you revive my crops?? lol i shouldn't have planted them right before work  sad 
"trying to decide what to do tonight  my birthday dinner and movie isn't until tonight  i could either clean the house or go to the gym, or both if i'd get off my butt "
"just had a good cry, now i feel better  smile "
had a marvelous birthday dinner at russos  smile 
"gonna try to upload some pics from chattanooga, then me and will are going to the gym, maybe thai food and wal mart later  smile "
shooting in raw is amazing  that is all 
must  go  to  bed  *sigh*    but i'm not tired!!!! wahhhhhh
anybody good with iphone itunes?? how do i transfer all of my stuff on my iphone to my itunes library?? it's saying i need to do this before i update my software and i can't figure it out  sad 
i'm devestated   when i updated my iphone to the new software  i lost all my music  it's just gone  sad  and this isn't the original computer i purchased the music on since that one crashed so i think i'm screwed   any ideas? i want to cry  kiss (
going to see eclipse tonight!
"starting rotation today at lebonheur for nutrition, fun times!!"
first day of rotation went well    then i ran and i even came home and cooked dinner!
change of plans today   now i'm spending the day with hubby  smile  yay!
frontierville friends: how do i get a saltpeter to craft fireworks?
happy july 4th everyone!!!!
do you guys think the mall is open today?
how can i find a stud in the wall if i'm hanging something heavy??
i am such a bad doggy mommy lol   hudson rings a <propfemale> when he needs to go outside   well he was just hanging out in the kitchen   then i hear him whining and when i go in there i see i have placed a large box in front of the back door and it's blocking his potty <propfemale>!! bahahahaha he was so excited to go out  lol
"so glad to be home, had a long day at rotation   not hard  just really long "
note to self: my medium sized stock pot is not big enough to handle an entire package of tortellini 
"frontierville friends   i need one more hand drill to complete my inn, can anyone help?  love "
<propfemale> <propfemale> for dinner=happy steph 
tired of being sad  that is all 
frontierville neighbors: does anyone have a welcome mat i can borrow and promtly gift back to you? pretty please??
frontierville friends:: i am in desparate need of a welcome mat please!!! i was told that the mat was not used in the mission and a friend was nice enough to let me borrow hers but now it's gone for me to gift back and i feel terrible!!!
frontierville people: does anyone have an extra welcome mat??
is feeling dreadful for some unknown reason  sad 
it's raining really hard outside and i lost my umbrella  waahhhhhh!!!!  sad 
long day at lebhoneur  made homemade pizza for dinner and that pretty much made up for it  yum 
do you know anybody who's like a brilo pad?? effecient but too abrasive?? hahahaha
i need to go to the doc for these headaches  i'm getting about 3 bad ones per week  and otc pain meds- ibu and apap aren't working!!! wahhhhhhhh!!!
officially has no more credit card debt!! and i'm never getting another credit card    ever!!
4 hours left      
my poor husband came home from work and ran straight into the shower     he got sprayed with blood today! ewwww
does anyone know if direct tv offers hbo on demand??
"i just watched \something the lord made\""    and i still have goosebumps     great movie """
so my hair is getting extremely unruly   i need suggestions on what do with with really long and thick hair  i'd love a change but i'm afriad of it not looking good!! any ideas?
"this is the day the lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad!"
does anyone know where i can watch true blood online?? finally got hbo   but direct tv doesn't seem to have hbo on demand (lame!) i want to catch up before i watch tonight's episode 
why does my husband keep trying to get me to drink more wine?? lol
oh my 
where is a good place in memphis to get my hair highlighted and cut?? i'm not super happy with the place i have been going to  *pout*
true blood in 30 <propfemale>  smile 
why do i procrastinate???
i sunbathed for as long as i could     oh i how love the sun  smile  so relaxing 
i hear thunder      yay!
ok   i'm dragging myself kicking and screaming to the kitchen to cook dinner  :[
do you ever drag out your old yearbooks to see what people wrote? lol
i need motivation!!! really bad   sad 
i was right in the middle of working on my presentation and the power went out  sad  scared  me bad!
still without power     extremely unhappy about it       sad 
"an\ aunt can give hugs like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and love \like a friend!!! if your an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews post \this as your status  smile "
yawn
"lol   in my recommended pages section    \drinking\"" and underneath it says \""many who like partying like this\"" lmao   you think??"""
getting ready to finish this presentation and put it all behind me  *sigh*
powerpoint is done! but presenting is the hard part       sad 
"eating lunch with sampy, carlesia, <propfemale> and dr  christensen  smile "
presentation done! it was scary lol!
had a long but satisfying day at rotation   laid out for 30 min   now gotta figure out what to cook for dinner 
"watching \little man\"" and it's cracking me up! who the heck would believe that was a baby??! lmao"""
errr it's storming again   storms are only cool at night when i don't have to be up early   and the lights just flickered    sad 
i'm craving pancakes  
making chemo tonight  sad 
what an awful way to wake up on a saturday! apparently my tire has a nail in it     and it cant be patched so the whole tire has to be changed and non of the techs are at wal mart yet and will is stuck there because i can't go pick him up because i don't have his truck key   and he's very unhappy about it    thus i am unhappy too  sad 
"home from work   had a long day  so glad to be home, now waiting on our pizza to get here "
may have laid in the sun too long 
true blood tonight  i can hardly contain my excitement!
i think i'm going to make myself a chocolate frozen yogurt milkshake  mmm
that didn't look sterile! hahaha
"started run with runmeter at 8:15 am, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp 8xuedm, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
"i really despise that old navy \booty\"" commercial    hate it """
"so i've decided to run the st  <propfirst> half marathon in december   wish me luck, i started training today!!  smile "
people are despicable  the end 
my twilight books are coming today!! yes i'm finally ready them now that i've read all the true blood books  smile 
gotta be at st  <propfirst> in less than 3 hours   where does the time go???
"today's plan: run 3 <propmale>, go to salon, clean house, lay out in sun  relax   smile "
"started run with runmeter at 7:57 am, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp aqegjh, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
i waited a little too long to run this morning    i did my 3 <propmale> but i thought i was gonna die  i wanted to cry a few times but i had no tears lol
i had the best e playful erience of someone washing my hair today   ever  i also got my hair thinned out and cut some and highlighted  i like it  smile 
i'm officially signed up for the st  <propfirst> half marathon!  smile 
woke up late    but still gonna attempt to do my 3 <propmale> today  it's overcast so i should be fine   as long as it doesn't rain  hmmmmm 
"started run with runmeter at 9:24 am, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp 9fbatn, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
i want a vampire 
oh man  family guy cracks me up 
going on a run   then going to work   then true blood tonight!!!  laugh 
"started run with runmeter at 6:55 am, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp amh7ao, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
you can keep me company <propfirst>    wink 
"i hadn't cried over it in weeks, and yet at this particular moment, the tears almost came  i felt that familiar tug in my chest as i listened to the words of the song    "
i am insanely bored 
"i'm thinking of putting a sign in our work bathroom that reads: \your wife does not work here so please put down the toilet seat\"" hahahaha"""
this undergarment was a mistake  annoyed 
there is something terribly wrong with having to walk up a flight of stairs to get out of the gym i use   seriously it's like an insult after the injury 
i got all my music back!! yeah i'm a little shocked  smile 
"the heart has an photographic memory, and no matter how long it's been i get that woozy fluttering in my chest whenever i see him "
"i have a recurring dream: airplanes crashing, fire, e playful losion  i'm never on the plane, i just see them from the ground, powerless to stop what i know is about to happen the other night the plane i usually would dream about was replaced with a helicopter   it still crashed "
"tilapia in the oven   muddy's after dinner, and then running 3 <propmale> tonight   smile    you know  to burn off the muddy's  laugh "
up but not at 'em     
my feeble attempts at controlling my breathing while i was running on the treadmill didn't go well   i'm pretty sure some people thought i was gonna pass the heck out!
i will be using these to my advantage 
how can i tag someone in my status?? does anyone know what i'm talking about?
i was riding on a school bus with  <propfirst> grimes  and <propmale> armistead in a weird dream last night    hummmmmm 
yay i get to work with <propfemale> jones today!!
still have 4 hours left at work and everything is already done   le siggghhhh
somehow made it to work on time   
why is it that what i want to do and what i need to do are never the same?
i wish hudson was a weredog    i wonder what he would look like as a human??
cus i can't help it if you look like an angel      
dragging my lazy self to the gym to run    i sooooo don't feel like running   sad 
i'm only gonna break break your break break your heart 
i wanna take ballroom dancing lessons  smile 
hey facebook friends! what's up?
i'm hungry 
forgot what i was supposed to do today! will call me!!
some dye bled onto my favorite dress in the wash  is there any hope of it coming out??
i do not want to take hudson to be boarded  sad 
what does a space cowboy look like?
i'm just a little bit too excited about <propfemale> <propfemale> tonight   smile  yummmmm
i want to get a motorcycle    not to drive just to ride on   will would have to drive it   smile 
the rain in florida smells amazing 
heading to the springs  smile 
"just went parasailing up 2000 ft  it was amazing! we saw lots of dolphins, rays, fish and sea turtles!!"
heading to the er in ormond beach    our friend got bitten by his green mamba    
officially on our way back to memphis  i already miss fl!
blah  back in memphis and i have a million things to do today 
does anyone know when the encore presentation of last night's true blood comes on hbo?? i missed it last night!!!
"just fed turtles, tortoises and kitties, now i get to eat!!"
ever feel like someone is holding you back but you aren't sure what from?
had belgian waffles for dinner  smile 
"i got 3 leopard geckos!!  smile  pictures to follow, their names are <propfirst> cullen, <propfemale>, and pinky "
i  love  shia labeouf  and he's only 2 years younger than me! haha
just bought a wii   super excited!!
getting ready to start my shrimp <propmale>  mmmmmm  smile 
"at\ the age of 4: mom knows everything  at 8, mom knows alot  at 12, mom \really doesn't know everything  at 14, mom doesn't know anything  at 16,\ mom doesn't exist  at 18, mom is old fashioned  at 25, maybe mom does \know about this  at 35, before we decide, let's ask mom  at 45, i wonder\       what    mom thinks about this? at 75, i    wish i could ask mom \about this    post if u have the best mom in the world!"
going to tunica tonight!!
"please please pray for my husband's mother, <propfirst>  she has taken a turn for the worse and care may be withdrawn soon  we are broken-hearted "
my little sister <propfemale> got a cell phone and she calls me!! hahahah it's the cutest thing in the entire world! she called me this afternoon and it really brightened up my day 
has a heart ache 
going to bed  when will is gone i stay up way to late 
"today is not good  the world is gonna lose a wonderful woman very soon, and i have to start my new rotation tomorrow   at kroger  blah  it's so hard to go back to rotation after having the month off "
at some point i will have to resume my marathon training    today is as good a day as ever i suppose  sigh 
"my husbands mother has gone to be with jesus  i am saddened for those of us left behind, but happy she is no longer in pain  please pray for those who loved her  she was very loved here on earth and will continue to be in heaven "
does anyone else start at kroger tomorrow? or have you had the rotation at kroger on <propmale> levee with lockhart?
my wii came today and i'm attempting to set it up  i had to take a break though because it's getting on my nerves!
it's hard to believe she is gone   the last time i saw her she was so full of life 
i got the wii up and running! too bad i have to go to rotation at noon 
my first day in retail ever went ok 
5 hours at kroger then ???? hours at st <propfirst> 
tgif    too bad i have to work all weekend 
"i'm clueless when it comes to this stuff   how can i get wireless internet in our house? we currently use at&t dsl, but it's wired and i want wireless so i can connect the wii "
"good morning everyone! gotta work today from 11 smile 0-8  but then me and will have the whole day off tomorrow together, i'm so excited!"
has anyone here that uses netflix on the wii gotten rid of their regular cable?
flu clinic all day tomorrow  smile 
my wii fit plus game and balance board arrived today and i had so much fun trying it out!!
"started run with runmeter at 8 surprise 5 am, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp b1kjo8, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
just logged on here with wireless internet   at home!!! project install wireless router was a success!!!
"leaving st <propfirst>, going home and going to bed!!"
i'm disappointed my wii doesn't play dvds! i thought for sure it did 
people amuse me     
watching the proposal with <propfirst> turner
was there a new episode of true blood last week? is tonight the finale??
made my special pizza and yummy cupcakes for desert  now i have a fat happy hubby all stretched out on the couch  smile 
getting ready to watch true blood finale!!!
something something something   dark side 
a dvd is stuck in my dvd player and i can't get it out!!! i am very unhappy about it too   kiss (
my husband is 30 today :b
has had a not so good day so far    someone hit my parked car at kroger today  and now i am getting ready to call phillps because my brand new dvd player does not work  sad 
"i'm very impressed with the customer service i received from philips today  i wasn't on hold at all, talked to a real person i could understand, and they are replacing my entire surround sound dvd player!"
i had the worst night of sleep last night i've had in a long time  i took a claritin d 24 hour yesterday morning and that sucker lasted me 24 hours!!! i need to switch to the 12 hour pills i think 
is not feeling well  sad 
today is a new day  smile 
wish this heartache would go away    
at the emission testing place    boooooooooo!
burned my tongue at lunch   sad  i hate that
"got a new tv today! super excited, the tv we are currently using is 16 years old!! isn't that crazy? i wanted to get a 42\ but my husband had to have the 50\""   hrm """
i can't believe this rotation is just about over!! time is flying by  i start at the med on friday 
eat at chili's today!!! 100% of their proceeds go to st  <propfirst> today!!!!
"if anyone should try to contact me via phone and you don't get an answer, it's not just me being me, i actually have an excuse this time! my phone is dead and my usb cable has kicked the bucket  i refuse to pay $19 for that cable from the apple store (r they serious?) so i have purchased two cables from overstock com   for less than $11 with shipping  the bad news it will be even longer till i can use my phone  sad "
got a lot of errands to run and chores to do today  how come days off are never really days off?
does anyone have advanced institutional at the med next month? just curious  smile 
making acorn squash and mushroom chicken for dinner   i have to make up for not cooking last night  smile 
there is a green grasshopper thing in my kitchen!!!! i'm scared shxtless of it!!!! i know that's stupid but omg i need someone to kill this thing!!
a little nervous about today  i have my retail pharmacy rotation test today and retail is certainly not my area of e playful ertise  lol   not that i have an area of e playful ertise  but u know what i mean   smile 
"somewhere\ right now a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds, \holding their bladder because they can't pee, starving cause they missed\ lunch, being puked on, pooped on, bled on, yelled at and is missing \their family all while taking care of yours  in the minute it took you \to read this, nurses all over the    world are saving \lives             repost if you are a nurse, love or appreciate one!"
watching a show about a polygamist family    very strange and yet interesting 
i woke up with a head ache  sad  i did not go to bed with a head ache  what in the heck went on in my head over night to cause a head ache  i was sleeping!! blah!  sad 
starting my rotation at the med this morning   advanced institutional  i love starting new rotations   makes me feel that much closer to graduating!  smile 
soooooo proud of my husband!!! he got into the first crna program he applied to!! they only accepted 15 people! looks like memphis will be our home for at least 4 more years 
"october is down syndrome awareness month!! the precious girl in my profile pic is <propfemale>, my sister who has down syndrome "
"i need to do some house cleaning and work on my resume, but right now i'm watching avatar   smile "
getting my most hated chores done today  i've done the entire bathroom and kitchen including the dreaded oven   now i just have to vacuum and mop and the house will be clean!
making white chili and corn bread  yum 
watching extreme makeover and crying like a baby lol
ordered <propfemale> out from thai bistro for lunch and they made my spicy fried rice about 10x more spicy than usual   confidential  my mouth is on fire!!
got a lot accomplished today! now if only i would start running again    sigh 
"just did wii fit, now i have to get ready to go to the med  i wish i could stay home all day with my boys!"
"fixed my dyson!! whoohoo, now gonna do some minimal house cleaning and start dinner  bow tie pasta with spaghetti sauce and a fresh french loaf of bread  yum "
"so you know how some trucks, usually owned by men have fake \balls\"" attached the bumper    well on my way home today this <propfirst> had a stuffed monkey in that spot!! it was a sock monkey style and it was sooooo weird watching it flip and flop in the wind    lol"""
"going to garden ridge before heading to the med, then st  <propfirst> "
"soooooooo don't wanna go to work, but i must  sad "
feeling confused and messed up  so much to be happy about and so much to be sad about too  blah 
my sinuses are feeling bad  sad 
"so conflicted  i'm super excited to see some family i haven't seen in a very long time this weekend, but i hate hate hate leaving my husband even for one night! i get soooo homesick, what's wrong with me?"
back in memphis  had a wonderful wonderful weekend and got to see some dear family members i have not seen in quite awhile  this weekend was good for my heart 
just bought an hdmi cable from amazon for 2 17 with shipping 
"enjoying watching the titans on the new 50\ tv! pretty awesome! and the fact that they are winning is a plus  wink """
listening to my 3 male colleagues discuss steak lol
me and the dog just had the hiccups at the same time   smile 
"same here   maybe we are early, where does she live?"
"why did the snuggie people feel the need to do a commercial with a silly song to the tune of \the macarena\""??? that drives me nuts!! lol"""
2 days of rotation left!! then leaving for fl on thursday and don't start my new rotation until tuesday  so i get a little mini vacay!!! sweet!
"hanging out in <propmale>, fl with some of my favorite men: my husband, father-in-law  and of course my dog "
my husband almost had me convinced yesterday that he is left handed! lol   
"me and will just looked through a very old scrapbook that his mother made when she was in high school  it was amazing seeing everything she held dear from that time period of her life, all her corsages, love notes, cards, etc  made me tear up for sure "
happy halloween everyone!
"we had a nice time in <propmale>, but not looking forward to tomorrow and the 7 hour drive all by myself  sad "
"made it back to memphis finally, i drove barefoot all the way from fl! lol"
"going to bed, start my women's health rotation tomorrow "
i tried a red bull energy shot yesterday on the drive home from fl    it sort of tasted like some sort of cough syrup  but if you had to take it as medicine you'd be ok with it    not sure if it worked though 
woke up feeling like crap  sad 
does anyone know if it costs money (aside from shipping charges of course) for ups to pick up a package from your house??
<propfemale> <propfemale> for dinner  smile 
sipping on pumpkin spice coffee and snuggled up in my snuggy   i love fall  work at 11 smile 0 though  sad 
just had pizza off my new stoneware from pampered chef  it's awesome!!
"a\ veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check\ payable to the people of the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up \to, and including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way \too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  very proud of my husband, dad and mom  all veterans!"
working from home for my rotation tomorrow  wink 
seriously unhappy with my e playful erience at the walgreens take care clinic   sad 
heartache
got a new coffee maker and the coffee is the shiznit  yum   smile 
for all my pharmacy friends: if your going to the dinner tonight do you know what time it is?? and which butcher shop it's at??
"3 interviews down, 3 to go!"
woke up with my sinuses in an uproar (again) can't we just get along?? lol
trying to organize all my stuff today  i have too much stuff 
"no rotation today, but got a lot of errands to run unfortunately  got a mountain of laundry to do, and a journal club presentation to work on   smile  better get started!"
watching the lovely bones 
would it be weird to buy laundry soap and ketchup from walgreens?? hahaha i'm too lazy to go all the way to walmart or kroger 
"excited for thanksgiving!   nice little break from rotation,going to fl, time with hubby, get to see my bro-n-law <propfirst> d  turner and dad-n-law and    drum roll please    we are going to see <propmale> potter!!! hahaha"
"dear coffee, oh how i love our morning rendezvous  <yum>"
"working on article presentation for tomorrow, then working on my final project presentation  is has to be 30 <propfemale>!! ack!!!!!"
so so so much to do today  *sigh*
heading to fl very early tomorrow   smile 
fat and happy  smile 
"going back to memphis tomorrow morning, enjoyed our thanksgiving in <propmale>!"
should arrive back in memphis around 3 surprise 0  then i have to work on my presentation for the rest of the day  last day of rotation is tuesday then december off!!!
"last day of rotation!! should be a short day, just have to do my presentation for dr  brown    then i'm coming home to decorate for christmas!!! i love decorating for christmas, we're getting the tree today too   smile   smile "
rotation officially over!!
"blah   i need a break from cleaning decorating  took forever to take all my thanksgiving decor down  then clean the living room before digging into the christmas stuff  smile  made a little progress, but lots to do tomorrow, so glad i don't go to work till thursday "
"i have a question for anyone who bakes: if i usually make standard sized muffins, and i want to make the same recipe using a pan for jumbo sized muffins, how do i need to adjust the temperature or time? i was assuming maybe just cook them longer??"
"we had a chicken casserole and acorn squash for dinner, and getting ready to make pumpkin muffins (will's fav!)"
i think i might go to the mall before work   just for fun  smile 
missing you today 
\there should be no human faces on facebook but \,d2a1bcd01137d7c393e9cde71a3859a5,just got done decorating the other christmas tree  and i'm soooooo exhausted!
getting ready to have some moose tracks  smile  then later we are taking our picture for our christmas card  smile 
soooo bored at work! someone entertain me  smile 
it's so cold in here i'm losing feeling in my extremities!! is it lunch time yet??
"blah   working tonight, tomorrow, sunday and monday    why oh why do i do this to myself on my \off\"" months?"""
"heading to work, 7am comes awfully early on saturday morning   annoyed "
had a really fun night last night at a christmas party    now gotta go to work to make chemo  sad 
"i'm enjoying \the <propfemale> bride\"" atm   smile """
the meatloaf is starting to smell yummy!
my dad is playing <propfemale> today  smile  i  love  him!
started high intensity interval training today    1st session    20 min   i want to die
in clarksville until tuesday  smile 
heading back to memphis  we had a great time in clarksville!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everyone! making the best of my day off and relaxing all day until it's time to start the big christmas dinner  i have to work tomorrow at st  <propfirst> so we are having our big dinner tonight when will gets off  i also plan to get up early tomorrow to make us a big christmas breakfast  i have a feeling i'll have a happy hubby  he loves to eat lol 
"exhausted from cooking, but it's going to be so worth it!"
the christmas dinner was a huge success!!
"<propfemale> christmas everyone! i got some really nice things from my awesome hubby, pics to come  smile "
on my way to st <propfirst> and it's snowing!! so excited  smile 
3 hours of work left  sad  getting sleeeepy
"we woke up to snow on the ground this morning  smile  a white christmas 1 day late, it's ok i'll take it  love "
"please if you can, say a prayer for my aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst>  their house has burned down and they lost everything  sad  they also lost a beloved dog and some others pets     i'm so shocked and heartbroken for them "
i need a job for after graduation
for those who said a prayer for my aunt and uncle    prayers work miracles!!! their beloved dog thought to have died in the fire was found by a neighbor running around!!! she made it out alive and has been reunited with my uncle!!!
"very sad right now  i lost a beloved earring today that was given to me by will somewhere at work  i have no hopes of ever finding it   sad   sad  i know it's just a material possession, but i am devastated   sad "
2010 was a rough year for us  we're praying 2011 is better! it has to be   smile 
what's staphacocalus?? bahahaha
"so, we do have to go to rotation if uthsc is closed?? i remember last year we didn't have to go if the university was closed    did anyone else think that?"
i wish i knew if i was supposed to go to rotation   it actually looks pretty bad out there      sad 
still not sure if i'm supposed to go to rotation today *stressing out*
"hanging out at st  <propfirst> till 3 ish, then heading over to st  <propfirst> to <propfemale> out till 8 smile 0 or 9 surprise 0 pm     yay     lol"
"blah     got a headache and not looking forward to heading out into the cold to go to work, looking forward to going to bed!"
oh my goodness is anyone watching toddlers and tiaras??
the 3rd floor of st <propfirst> bartlett is an interesting place 
snuggled up in my slanket  smile 
so am i a gemini or a cancer???
"have you ever had an une playful lainable, total lapse in thinking? i was looking all over for my sweet mint ice cream, it wasn't in the freezer and i knew it was nearly full (as much as will loves it, i knew he didn't polish off an entire half gallon)  looked in the fridge on a whim and sure enough it was in there!! wtf was i thinking?  playful "
did 5 songs on just dance 2 and now i'm watching atonement   oh how i love weekends when i'm off  wish my sweetie was home though 
gonna go wake up will  wink 
going to sephora today  love  squeeel!!!
buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzed    that darn waiter at el mezcal made our margaritas toooooo strong    he got a nice tip hahahahahahahaha
"(reposted) this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11  11      now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal to 111    "
"wow   i'm watching \obsessed\"" on netflix and it makes me really thankful i'm somewhat normal lol"""
excited for hardcore pawn tonight  smile 
"the new allstate mayhem commercial where the guy plays a not updated gps     pure brilliance! hahahahah \recalculating!!\"" hillarious!"""
"i was browsing pubmed and came across a case report titled \an old lady with hyponatremia and recurrent falls\"" i actually chuckled out loud  :b"""
i'd be enjoying this snow a whole lot more if it wasn't necessary that i go out in it  sad 
"i'm all of a sudden exhausted  i needed to start on my project tonight, but think i'm going to bed instead "
soooo sleepy today  sad 
very very very very disappointed with the usps today  sad 
so is there anything i can do if the usps lost something of mine but it was not insured?? i'm so upset over this i couldn't sleep last night  sad  i hate usps 
procrastination   we meet again 
sooo struggling with this presentation  and i need a rough draft by tonight  wahhhhhh  sad 
got my rough draft done   going to bed!
last full day of rotation tomorrow   nervous about my oral exam  sad 
blah woke up in pain again    think i'm gonna have to go to the health center on monday  my frontal sinuses hate me   sad 
really enjoying my white russian    yummmy   smile  the hubby has been on my good side lately   he randomly got me red roses the other day and made me yummy drinks tonight   i wonder what he wants?? hahahhaha love you will!
last day of rotation! just have to do my presentation  smile 
"got our taxes done last night    we're getting a little less of a refund than last year, but still pretty nice, we're using it pay off our new windows for the house and some other home improvement projects  smile "
"wow lots of birthdays on my friend list today! happy birthday to: <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> pehmoeller rushing, <propfirst> keele, <propfemale> yocolgan, <propfirst> kurtich, and <propfirst> newcomer! hope y'all have a wonderful day!!"
it's sooooo tempting not to go to class today  hmmmmm
"watching \storage wars\"" one of mine and will's favorite shows to watch together    those men on there are so hateful to each other bidding over storage units lmao """
"my contact and i had a fight this morning, still not sure who won     "
hudson disparately wants to catch a squirrel in the back yard   smile  too bad he's too slow 
woe is me post of the day: i really don't wanna go to work today and whyyyy won't the mail come?  sad 
ordered pizza! excited because i don't have to cook!  and because i like pizza  wink 
i don't even have to watch the superbowl  i'm getting a complete play by play right on my newsfeed  lol  smile 
"waited too long to make my yearly eye appointment and ran out of contacts, now i have to wear glasses until tuesday! boooo  sad "
will only worked 3-7 today but i missed his punk butt  wink 
no class tomorrow  smile  squeeeelll!!!!
i can't get my exam to open you guys!!!!  sad 
so how long are we e playful ected to wait for it to work again??
had a great <propfirst> date with my hubby   love 
thank goodness i don't have to be to work until 11 smile 0 tomorrow   just sayin' 
"happy <propfirst>'s day everyone! celebrating our 6th <propfirst>'s day together, can't believe it's been that long! love you will!"
fml!!! i just dropped my laptop and cracked the lcd screen  sad  does anyone know if it's worth trying to replace on my own? you can buy replacement screens      so upset!!!
will says i'm a ham- hot ass mess! lol
why am i not the least bit hungry today? all i've had is coffee and an apple all day 
"my laptop should be up and running tomorrow!! i found a guy on craigslist who's willing to sell me his broken <propfemale> for real cheap, but the screen is fine  smile  i've already removed my busted screen, so just gotta do a little switch and i should be good to go!"
"how do i go about deleting almost 30,000 messages from my inbox?? lol"
my dog's nose is a work of <propmale>  i just love it   surprise )
went to the cajun catfish co  yesterday (pure delicious fried bliss btw) but burned the heck out of the roof of my mouth on some fried pickles   sad  it's all peeling this morning *sad face*
95 days until graduation!
i really don't want to take this test  sad 
omg   blackboard again? really??
finally done with that test 
not really feeling this presentation today   sad  i just want it over!
the sirens have been going off for like 10 minutes and we are under a tornado warning  sad  the worst of the storm should hit us right at 7 surprise 0 pm  i'm getting a little bit nervous 
it sounds horrible outside! me and hudson are hanging out in the bathroom     just in case   
has anyone done the oncology final yet?
"facebook will be closed for maintenance from february 29th to 31st  facebook wants you to share this message with at least 15 of your friends for the best <propmale> of alerting everyone  many people will try to login from february 29th to 31st, just to find the site closed down for those days no warning  help your fb family - repost this!"
i start my second to last rotation tomorrow!! excited but i feel like i'm already done and 2 more months of rotation is going to be tough   smile 
had my yearly eye exam today      i'm still near-sighted and my eye balls are still flat  lol
"please say a prayer for me, i've lost my wedding ring at work and can't find it anywhere  sad "
thanks everyone for the good thoughts     i found my ring!!! i am so relieved!
"u-g-l-y! you ain't got no alibi, you're ugly-yeah yeah- you're ugly!"
methinks it's nap time 
"if you could, please spare a prayer for my dad and <propfemale> tonight  i don't want to go into details, but please pray for their healing   sad "
the wonder years has to be the best show ever made 
working on my journal club for tomorrow and struggling!! can anyone e playful lain to me what a propensity score and hazard ratio are in words i can actually understand? lol *tears*
whatever i feel like i'm gonna do gosh!
another friday  sad 
prolonging the inevitable   sigh  sad 
man   5 smile 0 comes early   yawn
to all my pharmacy friends applying for residencies: good luck with the match tomorrow!!  love 
oh wow   elizabeth <propfirst> died this morning  sad 
friday again  sad 
i think me and will finally found a church we both like  smile 
trying to keep the negative thoughts from taking over is getting very difficult 
"wow just did the \fit test\"" from insanity and   wow i am spent   geez"""
i have done 2 insanity workouts (well almost 2 lol) and i am sooooooo sore   i'm hoping this gets a little easier 
facebook friends i need a favor! i need as many people as possible to sign up for nomorerack through my link  no purchase necessary and it's free to join! please?? i would greatly appreciate it  smile  http annoyed  www nomorerack com ?cr laugh 72028
last day with kaleb brown  annoyed  but only one more month of rotations!!
"watching my favorite movie, the shawshank redemption  smile  but it's at the part i have to turn away   the part where poor <propmale> gets released from prison   sad "
working with pj bass today! yay  smile 
survived 3 days of trauma    hopefully i can make it through the rest of the month  smile 
yesterday was absolutely hellish   i'm pretty much planning on not getting off the couch at all today 
"i really wanna see <propmale> and <propfemale> at ballet memphis, anyone wanna go?  smile "
"wth would possess someone to travel on a scooter in the fast <propfirst> on the interstate?? just driving a scooter on the interstate at all, imo, is questionable, but then to travel in the fast <propfirst> so everyone and their mama tries to switch <propfirst>s at the same time to get around you? just a bad idea "
i am utterly exhausted and i have a headache   sad  is it may yet?
butt scratchaaaaaaaa?
i am in need of positive thoughts from my family in friends  i am having a rough week  thanks  smile 
i can't get rid of these hiccups  sad 
waiting really sux  that is all 
happy birthday to the best dad in the world 
spent too much $$$ at the agriculture center flea market!! but i got a really cute watch   a monogrammed lunch bag and some amazing jewelry cleaner!! lol    
getting ready to make turkey brats and sauerkraut for dinner  smile 
really hoping that everything happens for a reason 
"so heartbroken and honestly don't see it getting better anytime soon  thank god for my friends, family, and amazing husband reminding me that it's going to be ok "
apparently today is my ebay anniversary     7 years    haha i had no idea 
i'm still smiling 
happy easter everyone!!
yay!! got my computer back and it's good as new!
is it too early for dinner?? i want some easter dinner leftovers stat!
writing a paper and very unhappy about it   sad 
last presentation ever for pharmacy school today  wish me luck!
"presentation went well, now if i can just make it through the exam and the final evaluation, i will be home free!!"
am i sub-human if i care absolutely nothing about the <propmale> wedding?? lol   just wondering 
officially done with pharmacy school forever!!! graduation in less than 1 month  smile 
why is life so unfair?
"ever just really need a new pair of slingback pumps? yep, me too  wink "
gosh i feel crappy! still have 2 hrs 40 <propfemale> left of work    not that i'm counting or anything   
wow   i wonder if osama bin laden is really dead?!!
can our troops come home now??
lots of interviews coming up  smile  hopefully i will know where i will be working soon  wish me luck!
my blood pressure reading according to the walmart machine was 77 43   i think i need to drink more water 
i have 2 interviews tomorrow   needless to say i'm looking forward to thursday!
getting my hair done before graduation and seriously considering going full blonde! thoughts?  smile 
changed my profile pic for mother's day  i love you mom!  love 
both interviews went well!! now i wait  smile 
i think i'll go jogging at <propfirst> farms   it's a gorgeous day!
"started run with runmeter at 1 smile 3 pm, on a new route, see http annoyed  j mp iutxfr, runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me "
kinda sorta wish i didn't have to work today  sitting at home taking advantage of netflix sounds soooooo much more appealing 
