861bcfefe84a8f3eaf448684b1eae5bb
"work is, well, no fun  sad "
snow tomorow  sad 
class tonight  sad 
i like food  smile 
"407 at our memorial, and it was only our congregation "
just got home  drove all night  i had the last streach from ratone all the way home  now time to get some sleep!
flies for fun 
last week of being a teenager    scary thought 
<propfirst> swift concert tonight at 7 
"last day ever as a teenager     people keep on telling me i need to do something stupid, but what   ?"
mmmmmm monster 
just ripped a big hole in my pants right below the butt      i sure go through pants a lot   
"wow, wont work be great in the new system where we will enjoy it, and when we do it it will be for ourselves or ones that we want to help  will be great!"
"just had one of those double down sandwiches from kfc, it was amazing  i do believe everyone should try one  i had the grilled one, probably will try the fried one soon "
stayed home from work today  smile 
<<<happy
class was canceled tonight  yay!
"after wearing shorts yesterday, it is now snowing    gotta love colorado "
yay its friday!
life is just hard sometimes   
if it snows wednesday i don't have to work! bring on the snow!
"went to sleep at 8 smile 0 lastnight, got up at 4:45  8 hours of sleep really makes a difference "
yay no work!
fajitas!
"worked four 10's this week, and i'm so tired from it  hey, though, i get tomorow off so its all worth it  smile "
it just annoys me when people can't stick to their word   
so i think lost should have had a different ending   
"get a 4 day weekend  smile  doing the boulder boulder on monday, gonna be a lot of fun!"
boulder boulder!!!!
"got informed that i now have to start work at 5 smile 0am as opposed to 6  also in a couple of weeks that it's going to change to 5am  i think i'll be going to sleep a lot earlier then usual, and taking a lot more naps "
"\like\"" this status and i will write something i like about you on your wall  set this as your status if your brave enough """
"this past weeked was like a little taste of what the new system will be like  being surounded our brothers and sisters and taking in information for 3 straight days, it just went by wayyyy too fast  sad  have to wait another year for it again"
my grandmother died this morning   sad  we will be leaving for texas early in the morning 
"you would think having nothing to do all day would be cool, but not so much   "
"back from texas  it's so nice to be home, but sadly now back to the reality of work   "
satan just really knows how to get to people   
"no matter how hard you think life can be sometimes, theres those little moments that remind you why you keep pushing along, they are the moments worth waiting for "
"heading to the mountains for a long weekend, just to get away  thought we were going to stay in steamboat, but i guess we are staying in meeker now  can i survive being with my family constantly for  4 days? we will see "
great day!
"okay i know this is random, but i really feel like pancakes right now  smile "
another week at work down! yay!
"today was great and a lot of fun  no matter what you do though there are always those people who when they are with you make things just so much better, and i had that today as well  smile "
"just got the samsung epic 4g for sprint  i used my dads update for his phone though, and now he has to have the phone until i get the rebate for it, and then can swap it to my number after that  so i have the phone   but don't "
paramore concert tonight 
bbblllaaarrrggg!!!
going out and riding the atv's and dirt bike today  doing some shooting as well  will be lots of fun!
"i love helping people  today i realized, though, that i do not like dealing with shingles "
wow  love  nyquil
<propfirst> eat world on sunday night!
"concert = great  people busting your passenger window = not great  people not stealing a purse, phone, ipod, and all my tools from the car = awesome  good thing i had an alarm that looks like it scared them off "
ever just feel like the whole world is against you?
hall build today was awesome!
guess who just got laid off    reduction in work force = fun
i don't think that i knew what stress was before now 
finally got my phone!
filled out an application online and got a call in 30 minutes  i go in for an interview tomorrow   smile 
"i start on monday  except for the long drive up to coors everyday, it looks like everything will be good  smile "
so i was supposed to start on monday   but it's tuesday and i'm still sitting at home  took a drug test on friday and they haven't gotten the results back yet   
haha like 5 minutes after i posted that they said that i passed  so i can start tomorrow    at least 1 day of work this week 
"i see beer, lots and lots of beer "
who else is up at stupid early hours   ?
"it's kind of depressing going into work when it's dark, and then leaving work when it's dark again  oh well "
brownies!!!
good day at the circuit assembly  smile 
ahhhhh the smell of beer early in the morning 
"hey idk who hasn't seen tron, or who dosn't have plans tomorow, 11 30 at century 16  feel free to come  smile "
"when one things goes right, everything else seems to go wrong "
it's now snowing up here in <propfemale> 
"have to put <propmale> down this morning  it's hard, but with him like he was it's the right thing to do for the poor dog  bye bye mr  fatty  sad "
"just watched <propfirst> and <propfemale> split a whole 50\chicken mcnuggets thing from mcdonalds     crazy"
so today i woke up about 3 minutes after i usually leave for work  still made it to work on time somehow 
guess who just got laid off again   
found and reserved the place for the reception! that's 1 big thing out of the way   smile 
yay! have an interview tomorrow 
alright i start on monday  smile 
"hmmmm, what to eat after the assembly tomorrow   "
i am now helping build a mini water world!
anyone interested in going to the linkin park concert with <propfemale> and i on feburary 26th? tickets are a little pricey   
got all the invites for the wedding ordered  smile 
"just got my finger sized, i have fat fingers, ring finger at a whopping size 11 5   "
hmmmm wonder how many will be at our 4pm meeting tomorrow 
just registered at target   mom said that we had nothing on the list compared to other registries she's seen   idk why just felt bad scanning stuff  guess we are doing it at bed bath and beyond tomorrow 
looking at apartments today 
linkin park tomorrow  smile 
at the linkin park concert   its almost an hour late starting already   
just spent the first night at my own place   smile 
muffins!
well satan really is working hard  just got laid off once again this morning  time to start looking for a new one   
"oh and now i just noticed someone hit the front of my car this morning, no clue exactly when   kinda bad tho "
"so many things i could be doing, but i can't seem to be able to get out of bed to do them   "
i have done     nothing all day  i do not like this 
interview today at 1 
i go in for orientation tomorrow morning and start working on monday morning  thank you jehovah  smile 
"i start monday, will be working at wings over the rockies for now "
"back to the normal work routine  in some ways i like it, in some ways i really don't "
