318f8ed940682bec0f3a89b38ab7db63
ohhh wah ah aha ahhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get down with the sickness!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
never shout never!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love them!!!!!
had fun tonight with tylerr  laugh  hahahaha
rawr!!!! hehe
e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e654!?!?!?!e6
takkkkk to nickkk!
yay im on facebook  laugh 
is thinksing to get off here    so all 5 or 6 humdred of you should text me at 5024357654
lisint to some stainddd
playing with this facinating 2 dollar dart gun form kroger  laugh  ohh and one more thing e654!!!!
chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chubby!chu
losers     make <propmale> mad
eh im bored someone call me? 5024357654
trying to figure out how soda gets in a can
yeaaa check out my new picturesss and text me  smile 
is hurt    
i think i might seriously be gay for <propmale> schnieder
<propmale> is a faggot!!!!!
no im not you smelly arab
im not the smelyyy one you lil querrrrr boooyy!!!!!!
cookin text meh!  laugh 
feeling odd and poetic  laugh  as i gaze upon my peculiar looking photogratific production as a display of my awakwardness and malproductive attuide towards life  laugh  wow    im am one werid lil child
im a homosexual
inspired  everybody should beat me up
ahhh    a crappy day indeed  annoyed 
i cannot wait till christmas    new bass!!!!  laugh ddddd yayayayayyyy!!!!!!
isn't gonna post some status about his new year    
wonders how some people can live with themselves
"is satisfied, thanks  you know who you are smile "
spread the love peeepoolle  laugh 
i love the new facebook setup  laugh 
weighing the faults in my perception  im the one questioning you  unfortunatly im talking to a mirror
im a beta tester  laugh 
i want a touchable computer!
"hard rock was great, thanks all of you who came out to see me"
kinda excited about something    blah
i have only one thing to say    oogie boogie   goodnight 
oogie boog
so dramatic   eh   
super glue on the slap hand   eh    im in pain   
is sitting in the creepy florida condo 
"the tension is geeeting hoooooterr, id like to hold her head unnnnnder water -sublime  wink  haha"
shaplooperdoopers ultra magical turbo boost magic <propfemale> power 
ribs hurt   sleeping 
time passes by   but time isn't real  so what passed by  ? dammit 
"my shadow sighed so amplified, keeps comming back disatisfied  an elemtary sun but its old  my love affiar with everywhere was innocent, why do you care?"
"why would anybody wanna be a \b\"" ? stupid song   """
fly on my zeyphr  were gonna live forever 
i can do something you can't  shine 
mr glass is the cooler end of authority lol and i made a few new buddies
is in love with rain 
iloveyou!iloveyou!
chill  smile  hehe
no time to weap it's time to sleep my selfish thoughts in mind i mustn't keep  goodnight
and now the lake i shall approach 
i have a jesus bracelet  laugh 
"\act like your age not your shoe size\"""""
"\act your age not your shoe size\""      laugh """
i will not be where i obviously need to be and i will not do what need be done  the talent show can suck it  500 times!!!
i want a double bass!
cruelty is only the realization of truth
today rocked quite nicely   smile 
i love the weather  smile ))
i wish i was at school lol weird  
hanging with the ever so lovely <propfemale> 
vacation kills sometimes   lolololol
so i finally saw avatar  i also figured out hat all the hype was for now i wanna be a blue person 
ecplise comes out at the end of the month that was supriseingly fast  
i'm on vacation and i'm so excited about the billions of exciteing things in the future i have to look forward to  but none fill that missing space in my mind it's like a lost puzzle piece 
parasailing yesterday was amazeing
i find myself puzzled to a point of defeat  the day ends and im questioning myself my reason for existing  am i for others amusement?
my last status is dumb    im at a hotel and i wanna be home !!!
"what i would give to take it all back, to find what i lack, to give it some slack, to fly with the pack, oh run to the shack, clean off the rack, for what i have a knack, it's time to hit the sack "
i'm coooooooooooold!
skinny dipping is tha shiz tehe
<propfemale> <propfemale> is <propfemale>  lol
new sea wolf cd  smile  hehe
working on geting a new synth  laugh 
"your lips are metal, your tounge is white  laugh "
"blood sugar baby, shes magik, sex magik sex magik  blood sugar crazy, she has it, sex magik sex magik  heheee"
i love stupid people  laugh 
im on facebook! yayyy!  laugh 
if i saw a stranger with <propfemale> i would beat him senseless 
tbh i think my bass is the best bass ever made 
i need to get some party  laugh 
beep beep beeep  laugh 
senior english and english 101 complete  laugh 
i wanna fly 
i love how you can like a coment on a status that you like and you could even type the word like as a comment and like the comment 
drug tests taste gross 
going to some concert with the fam
blech yesterday was neto
got the htc evo 4g don't get it battery life sucks returning it tommrow
i want to juggle  somebody teach me preferably some carnival e playful erience please 
yeah i know everything i have in life can fit in a gig bag  lol
next time i see you  you little social rodent  i'm gonna make frogs legs outta you  lololololol
what a shitty night   
"they say evil prevails when good men fail to act, what they should say is evil prevails "
super bummed      annoyed 
<propfemale> brewer is my new bestest buddy    she is gonna make me baked goods  
blah     blahh blahh blahhh    blah!!!!
bsajheiogfvlcfgkmrenbwhdsuyfiogymtrendfjugif status update 
bike time  laugh  blah   
blackberry curve hmm   
"is watching one of his all time favorite movies, public enemies "
i've spent the past 2 years of my youth running away from myself  look where that's got me    
summer rain  laugh 
"is cutting the grass, because i'm sure you all actually want to know what i'm doing   "
weeboo
yes! it's facebook time! let's engage with old pals! let's chat with new ones! if it's sex you want there is craigslist  creep elsewhere please 
<propfirst> bond in    octopussy    lol
for today's youth the end of existence consist of puny easily repairable problems 
"give me a miracle, change my life turn it where it needs to go  anybody do that and i'll be yours forever "
hmm i was a lost person and i thought that i'd need some sort of spiritual help in my life but i got it together with a normal person now to sweep away the old dust    lolol
how do i deserve such perfection?
"things are good, not good enough "
lame lame lame  laugh 
kait june its only been a few days and it feels like months have passed  sad 
school isn't lame at all             isn't the sarcasm just burning through the screen 
actually not  working today  laugh 
wishes he could trust people 
like allways a time for change is approching
"get off facebook    now its a <propfemale> day enjoy the company of a friend, and have a nice life"
    
"big paycheck, and now for my amazeing vacation "
"today is that day we all dream about, the day yogi bear tried to pull me out of my car "
"time to scream, for all to hear  take away there dreams, replace them with beer   laugh "
no school   lololol
amzeing weather  forealleoo
please  who likes new stone <propfemale> pilots? if any?   seriously
enjoying the sweet groves of one hot minute  wink 
pretty angry atm  
groove  smile 
makeing too many mistakes
no school   hmm
likes your lack of common sense  laugh 
"playing at bearnos in the highlands, people should come watch me  laugh "
is dissatisfied  
so aggrvated   and laughing
chillin with tub tub    laugh 
is snowballing with <propfemale>
"the world is good place, its the people that are cruel "
not sleeping  till the cows come home ofcourse   
is on a walkabout 
is still on a walkabout 
my feet are getting tired    (from the walkabout)
"at the mall, with people who are worth my time  smile "
"facebook causes 42% of life stress, but everybody still has one "
on my way to 'cage the elephant'
amazeing show    i'm in awe
work was lame    as allways
"you people are great and all, but sometimes i hate you "
"my nipples are very tender, thanks dad"
"if there's little crystal-like stuff coming out the tip of my penis, is that bad?"
i hope i don't have herpes   
<propmale> <propfirst>    get off my faceboook
"nevermind that last post, <propmale> <propfirst> doesn't have my ipod and isn't wreaking havoc"
"no, <propmale> is just a faggot  that's all   "
a gaggle who loves messing with you <propmale>
did facebook replace faggot with gaggle? haha
"apparently so, do you like blueberries?"
why yes i do my leige
jolly good let's tell the world
"we already told the world, because were on facebook, the social network"
(insert witty facebook status here)
can't sleep  so i enjoy the sweet sounds of <propfirst> fruscainte
banjo time  wink 
is it pathetic   i couldent even go a day     lol
"i find myself stuck, between you and the rest of the world  i seperate myself from them for you, but you go farther with more effort  so what do i let go?"
oh what a shit day
can't wait till tma
can't wait till today!
omg! can't wait till yesterday!!!
<propfemale> <propmale> is offically a lesbian
"i love how everything happens just like i say it will, not nessarily because of a plan i make  just because its like i can see the future   laugh "
tommrow should be fun smile 
i should jump off a bridge when the only right way to do something is wrong haah
nothing to do tonight  sad  help?
good night   smile 
"i wish i cared more, you do too  fortunately we can wish for whatever we want, ' wanting' has no limits "
my parentals dislike me  sad 
can't wait     smile 
nothing to do all day  anyone wanna chil?
"no, i'm really sorry "
<propfemale> meade bailed on a haunted house     really?
facebook is lame enough without people fighting 
i hate you    
today should be a good day
really reaally really likes you
reaally really likes you
really likes you
likes you
you 
likes you
really likes you
really really likes you
really really really likes you!
work   haa
"exists, how bout you?"
needs to leave
goodnight smile 
amazeing evening  
worked till midnight  on a saturday   annoyed \
q: what the hell is with all the 'q and a' ?
listomania!
i wanna do the truth thing somebody like my status!
"i feel like everybody in this world should love everything around them, everybody needs love !"
"what an amazing night, but a but too much to wake up to"
my grandpaw is funny lol
"ahhh, she has my lifeline, my everything, and it seems she has what matters most to me right now; my ipod   playful "
haven't fallen asleep yet  sad 
is enjoying his life  laugh 
"enjoys long walks on the beach and listening to the backstreet boys perched upon my gazebo situated in the backyard of my summer house in the denali mountains which resides down the street from the pope, which is an excelent friend of mine "
best day ever
nsn's new album is actually pretty beautiful
"snows out, happy time "
tends to over think everything 
its the first day in a long time that no birthdays showed up on my facebook 
is immensely stressed 
1111 just ended
"if you like my status, ill do nothing at all, because anything other than nothing is just too significant for a bunch of images on a computer screen  thank you for your input though "
my great saturday plans have sequentley fallen apart  who's free? lol
"nevermind, working  sad "
is aggrvated that his 'co worker' got on his phone and posted mean status's
cant go anywhere but up from here
today shoud be a good one 
is quite satisfied
"enjoied his week away from everything, now he is considering leaving his old world behind"
is offically a boo!
"is going on a walkabout, to find out what its all about "
thinks circa survive is unbareably beautiful again  laugh 
loves when people like other peoples depressing status's
is up early for school    laugh 
had a great night  smile 
bipity bopity boo    b
is working !
feels so amazeing
just recorded a demo  laugh 
is starting to feel better  laugh 
fun day 
has short hair
"is doing, nothing   "
"write nevermind tonight, was horrible"
"so if the avett brothers were invited to mtv unplugged, what would they do? lol"
wants to go back in time and steal <propfirst> plant as a child and raise him to be my singer!
just fished my long long long nhd paper
longest day night ever  
has been up all night!
laughs at you 
loves watermelon spring gum
tuesday needs to be here now!
just fell in love   lol
is abour have a jamgasm
thinks he should break his leg just to get out of work 
"just got off work, who wants to kill me?!"
is a bad boy 
"thinks christmas should be rather <propfemale>, considering the hundreds of updates stateing its <propfemale>-ness"
"is laying in bed with a smurf, thinking about wakeing up tommos"
"will throw you a bone, just promise me you won't tell anybody "
had an amazeing night    smile 
"thinks she's blood sugar crazy, she has it, sex magik, sex magik"
"changed his bass strings last night, gotta love that new during buzz"
"excuses himself, he changed his bass strings last night, gotta love that newstring buzz"
"just like new years, he refuses to post a status about dreading tommrow  school isn't gonna start "
was walkin down the street when a pretty little thing approched me 
is confortably sunken between 2 conforters and lots of pillows and blankets   laugh 
is loveing the beautiful sunshine and warm weather 
"cut the cord, she's a creep, aberdeen"
is in regret
had an amazeing day!  smile ))
can see the silence   
's is bigger
is such a hard working individual that he believes each of you should donate 5 dollars to his 'jar of misc  funds for weekend excitement'
thinks his female companion is a good person to spend the day with 
is e playful osed
"is open 9-5 today, or you can visit our website at facebook com nicktehrani"
"is looking at life through the eyes of a tired hub, eating seeds as a pastime activity"
wants to go to glove world with his <propmale> <propfirst> 
heyheyhey!
nipple
likes that your still here  smile 
is tired of this weekend    sad 
"i would tell you to blow my mind, but that would be disgusting, and i dont think i would be aive afterwards"
intimidates you  laugh 
what a great night  smile 
had a fun filled day   if only   
"here we are, argueing day and night\the end is far, as we yell and fight\ill yell rawr, because i know im right\but here were, every day and every night"
"my birthday, and going on vaction!  smile "
98 rock fest tampa tonight   smile 
"the more time i spend in florida, the more i feel sexual  the intensity is rubbing off on me "
