0eb4ab934fad69072ce70331bd64f913
do we all need to update every minute of our life? if you feel this way you obviouly need some attention 
tis the season to go burn a bunch of stuff!!!
anyone else noticed that disney channel is on the verge of being porn?
http annoyed  verydemotivational com 2009 12 15 thats-one-hell-of-a-fail 
"the six truths of life  (comment after you finish) 1  you cannot touch all your teeth with your tongue  2  all idiots, after reading the first truth, will try it  3  and discover that the first truth is a lie  4  you're smiling now because you're an idiot  5  you soon will forward this to another idiot  6  there's still a stupid smile on your face "
baby seals?!
wow this average human life is monotamous    
why is there never ever a happy ending?
         moo           
things is getting beterz
if you happen to know a creationsim vs evolution debate website pls send me link k thx bye
oh napalm why do you drop on me so much?
have you ever seen the ninja turtle movie? i was the third    clansman
painting eggs tomorrow  smile 
"i feel like a snorlax, all i want to do is eat and go to bead "
after you finish getting shot you should really stop screaming   it wont help
"based on the trajectory of the <propfemale> and the sun i think they are at the bottom of the ocean, i bit lots of holes in them "
i
a depressed whale
did you know im riding this horse backwards?          hiya
teh sound of forgivness and drowning sound alike  screaming then silence
got my middle college acceptance letter!!!
we shall settle this argument like men  with a children's cardgame!
lets play the yugioh drinking game! everytime friendship is mentioned take a drink 
in soviet russia pikachu chooses you
"adios mi amigos, i'll be in florida and south <propfemale> for the next 2 weeks!!! disney and the beach here i come!"
"omg florida is fun and all but i miss my technology and such  leave me a post about what's happening  mr  gardneer pls tell me what i've missed with machinima, roffing, and others  miss everyone  k thnks bye =p"
nice to finally see portal 2 maybe this time the cake isn't a lie 
snack attack mother fucker!!!!!
swan dive
floor 7 is between flours 0 and 1
go rot in a hole
hello dangerous prarie wolf 
can't beleive that school starts tomorrow  annoyed 
what if i want a knife? what if i want to get stabby?!
anyone who plays pokemon heart gold  soul silver pls give me your friend codes so we can battle 
"jesus is holding a raptor    you argument is invalid, but the image is awesome "
<propmale>
i fucked up        
redemption!! fuck yea!!
shame accompanies this patheticness    
never in this lifetime
"todays top emotions: rage, boredom, depression "
chalk one up on the fail board 
apparently dreams and wants are easily crushed 
guess it wasnt forgotten   
no point in human interaction if everyone hates you and feels guilty after they are done talking to you 
i never seem to grasp the big picture  only what is direclty in front of me 
to the <propfirst> goes the spoils
let there be zombies!!! and let them eat brains!!!
"not the end but simply a new begining, confusion will ensue  thats ok though becuase it is all part of the process "
halo reach capaign is fucking awesome    its ending its ok compated to the other halos 
my brothers need a good stab in the soul
sweet school week is cut in half starting monday  <propmale> military service teachers!!
i would never have beleived if it came from anyone else 
curse you shitty nazi zombies team mates!!!
drive the falcon correcly or shoot greandes from it your pick
imagination could you please go dormant like you do for the rest of the day so i can sleep? pls?
it prints money bitch awww snap!!
first time in forever that i have woken up happy!
dr  <propfemale> has a phd in kicking your ass!!!!
no matter how many times i read that message it always makes me smile
good night facebook
im going to cut facebook
god ive got a terrible headache
best video ever 
this is serisous man  like aids serious 
lol i cannot beleive she even listened 
pls work facebook i want to talk to some people on here
sweet i found a machete in my closet =p
this could be awesome!!! or a night of pain and missery
christian if you attempt to scalp me before i am top of the list i will be sure to aid in the decapitation plot that is being held right now  just so you know ^ ^
" sigh wasted time, all of it    "
i hate going to bed angry but insomnia ends when insomnia ends   
i love this make-shift flamethrower!!!!
dislikes how some emotions are getting in the way 
quickly heal the mt!! dude hes dead     oh shit 
"post this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the death <propfemale>, when it was obliterated by rebellion terrorists  i wish people would understand that the rebellion is a band of murdering scum  the empirewants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the rebellion continues to kill our soldiers  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this yourstatus for at least one hour?"
hey christian what are you doing? im popping your brothers back  oh really? then why is there a knife in your hand? cause    mhm ok continue
gotta love zombie apoclypse discussions ^ ^
curse you infant children on xbox  stop quiting all the time
and so depression replaces euphoria tonight    for all
your ignorance amuses me
good night facebook
facebook you are causing me unnecessary problems
when in doubt frag grenade out!
exceptionally
i feel beyond drained but im not tired 
i feel like i am bothering everyone   annoyed 
knowing the problem always helps
peace of mind at last
fuck yes!!!! finally proof of my zombies returning!!!
what do i need to do to make this better?  sad 
if i could i would remove your spine and burn your insides why you live 
i wonder if the situation was reversed if you would still feel the same way 
"its like a fantasy, only its real!!!"
i almost feel bad about this =p
take one down and i feel inspired
your about to be cut worse than if you got in a tribal war 
"not what i had come to e playful ect from you, but a positive development none the less "
im always up for a juggernog
well arnt you rather high and mighty all of the sudden 
tonight was just aweful
gotta be at our saddest so we know what we will be like when we are the happiest
whoo unfrigginbeleivable  40 kill streak owned  just owned
- -
my efforts seem to lead to failure   annoyed 
miss you hope you come back soon 
psat was easy 
dubba dubba dubba
leeroy drinkens!
"do not play waw with your half your team drunk  they will leave you to mix drinks, and you will die terrible "
gotta love how much nerd rage carries  <propfirst> if you read this calm the fuck down!
id-10+$ your job security
today was fucking awesome
tonight was awesome
historic figure trolling  laugh 
today needs a replay button
i think it is time that you learned that no one wants you around 
why does this bother me so much?
finely done with today's family get together  so bored and nothing to eat - -
computer is the best operating system ever
*happy comment about snow*
epic christmas so far  got everything i wanted and plenty of money besides  laugh 
fallout new vegas radio< fallout 3 radio
middle college needs to hurry up and cancel  annoyed 
wrong generation
