54384f5b686f9f0d3a3cbc3598151574
"long days, short nights    "
"there is a time for roaring, and a time for lying down    belly up "
heck yeah!  my children are old enough to read icculus!!  tomorrow baby!
watching the sunrise is fun    but passing out right afterwards is more so   
anyone got diabetes?  serious question 
so    its official     diabetes caught me 
holy cheese batman!
"my deadness to the world ends tomorrow   thankfully!  until then, chicken and dumplings for the win!"
no sleep!  yay!(?)  haha 
dead to the world
"i myself wonder, whats on my mind right now   "
"sex, drugs, and rock 'n roll    i kinda miss you right about now "
"my laptop is alive! \its alive    its alive!!!\"""""
"the fog has lifted!  ridin the crazy train tonight    and tomorrow    and maybe the day after that too    hmmm    what is a crazy train, anyways?"
six flags    i wonder   
"i can finally run 3 <propmale> again, woohoo!  goodbye depression   hello sunshine "
anti-sleep!
hey!  who can move all the joints of their body simultaneously??  i can't   
gettin ready for this weekend    kinda early   
"its true what they say    but i've already forgotten what it was   something about present day dark-ages, because of super technological advancement that has lead to increased crime, which leads to cruel laws, and crueler enforcement of said laws    yeah    somethin like that   i think i may be a bit off here    like i'm forgetting something   oh well, more ranting to come, for sure    someday    somewhere   "
holy!!!     the spider bite was poisonous!  x_x
"yeah    so this may not be the best way i can spend my brain power    but why is it that every place sells cheez-its, when cheese nips are obviously so superior?!  come on man!"
holy cow    monday is a blink away    i'm definately not ready for this semester  @_@
"i recently discovered \notes\""! haha """
hello freedom   its been awhile 
ananda
"so    what about a sitcom where people live in huge oxygen tanks?  fish rule the world, and they buy us from stores, and we act like the fish?  we'd be dumb as rocks, runnin around in circles all day, finding joy in discovering the same treasure chest, over and over and over and over and   "
"pancakes, the cure-all "
i'm startin to feel old for some reason   
"sadly, i think i hafta start bein a jerk   "
"who reaches for the sun, will be burned "
a tree of knowledge in your soul will grow and the helping friendly book will plant the seed  but i warn you that all knowledge seeming innocent and pure becomes a deadly weapon in the hands of avarice and greed 
why is popcorn so friggin tasty?
"the sun is out, the sky is blue, its beautiful, and so are you!"
yes    i'm awake at 4 in the morning   i'm just waiting for the zombie outbreak   
"hmm, i totally forget yesterday was happy twin towers day   "
meerkats   
stargate sg-1 marathon!  thats awesome!!!one!!  haha 
"electrical impulses firing and misfiring, creating a reality pleasing to the eye   which is it though that makes it so pleasing?  the fire or misfire?"
thought is the arrow of time   aim well 
man bear pig would be the most awesomely epic costume ever!
decemeber is coming ever closer    can't wait 
i can't shake this feeling of impending disaster   
"it wasn't impending disaster    it was disappointment   new plans    er the new plan is to make a new plan   or maybe just let the universe plan for me   i'm a planner   no, plannest!!"
i just gotta have some dominos pizza   
"afternoon delight, in breakfast form!"
home   
this pirate speak thing is awesome 
regenerating   
5000 south with main street minority!!
"something something, no big cypress, something     sad "
"sneaky <propfirst> @ r bar tonight   be there, or be an equilateral parallelogram!"
suoicodilaipxecitsiligarfilacrepus
blackhawks on the win   now heres a chicago team we can rely on!  7 game winning streak people!!
i feel like a bad person lately   
tragedy   
dead to the world
"growing up as the only straight kid, in an all gay highschool, was tough  =p"
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes   now i'm old enough to read icculus!
"up with the sun! woke up, gott out of bed, dragged a coooomb across my head *doo dahs the <propfemale>*"
i'm looking at a huge drop    has anyone seen the bridge?  where's that confounded bridge?
oh yeah!  thor - july 16th!  by mjolnir!  haha 
sneaky <propfirst> @ legacy tonight 
we can stage a golf cart marathon 
"wow, the sun ain't got shit on me today   time to start i guess, everything is happening for a reason, and you can't stop the flow of the river "
"if you put your soul into it, anything is possible "
dunno
<propfemale> pong battles!  the spot tonight 
bleh    just slept my whole day away   
damn you neptune!
p-funk played chicago last night    and i had to be sick 
"first day of work in awhile    now what to do, with the rest of my day    as i bleed to death "
thats it for the other one   
one more saturday night 
cold comforts
"up with the sun! don't you wish you had a  \sleep schedule\""  like me! haha """
doctor appt    but then i get to wander aimlessly!  hit me up 
"is it wrong for me to wish sometimes, that i might fall through a temporal warp?  or that i could e playful erience spontaneous combustion?  i just think that'd be fascinating   oh, what about implosion?  i've never actually seen anything implode    i gotta check this out "
life    what the hell are you doing now?!
"as the thunder peals, and the lightning toils    march rolls in   "
a 5 minute break from reality would be awesome   
"springtime!  birds are literally chirping outside my open window, as i'm typing this  yay!"
"sometimes, i watch fox news   just to torture myself "
to what end   
j d  <propmale> and the fuzz tonight @ dilligafs!  see you there 
"discord and lamentation!  the universe has deemed that i am not fit, as pain and failure follow me like a shadow    but damn you universe        failed me first "
"people try not to look at things, they don't want to see   anyways @ the spot tonight "
positive self-image! go!
well    so its drinking day again    i might have one tomorrow 
i guess i lost my phone   
"i have no real clue whats goin on tonight, and my phone is mia    blah"
my prodigal phone has been tracked down    hurray
"something wrong happened last night, in the universe    its there, i can feel it "
"june 11th    then august 12th - 15th   five days of phish, that i'm plannin on "
wheaties  then bed 
"today!  the vernal equinox   hold the love deep inside people    set your intentions for a good one, and happiness will follow you like your shadow "
starting to feel the feeling i forgot   weightless 
holy cow   super tired   i'm so tired i literally have those little x's for pupils right now 
"making the new fangled guitar strap, of the future!  watch out world!"
the soul of garlic is starting to rot   
i'm the broccoli monster! broccoli!!!
prep time    then down time 
now i sleep    only to spring into action!! at 2am   
roarin to go now   thanks you 
epiphany?  i'm just watching the <propfemale> grow?
no sun makes <propfirst> a dull boy   
"what color alert is it, when you haven't seen your faithful feline friend for over 48 hours?"
"my day is totally shot now    i'll be in k3, mourning the loss of my cat "
free! to be what i want to be 
"my phish prerequest is in, with 20 minutes to spare   whew cuttin it close "
"its been 4 days, but this 1-man search party won't give up that easily "
"goose island wrigleyville, sat  april 24th  shadyside allstars gonna destroy that shit "
strife = life
nazi's freakin suck 
my chances are looking pretty slim right now   damn you music today!
june 11th added to my calender   yes!  my children are old enough to read icculus!
"i knew there was a show tonight   5000 south @ no dogs, tonight   show starts at 9 smile 0"
"the universe has returned my cat!!!  possibly a reward for good behavior?  joyful   so happy, so happy!"
its ironic    i should be 110% happy   
te desidero   
bleh    gonna be a blah day out   
"haircut, then some sunshine "
"time for work, then time for play "
"everyone's already busy    i don't want to go alone this friday, to see ekoostik hookah @ reggies   sad   i will if i have to    jerks "
"i've got room in the car, if anyone wants to come see ekoostik hookah friday "
see   you're all jerks  =p
i just beat the shit outta this cold 
that was a nice lazy thursday morning 
"i need to find a lesbian bar, and turn some ladies straight "
and the world turns
"i've been retagging my entire music collection   so far i'm 5 hours in, at the letter m    i should take a break maybe "
"i just witnessed a bird swooping down out of the sun, to poop on my neighbor cat   hilariousness ensued "
last night was just what i needed 
"cleaning the spring, then springing the clean "
huzzah!  my tickets are here   yes!  my children are old enough to read icculus!
"who can stay in, on a day like this?  sunshine, drive away my shady grove   "
my allergies have been waiting for 24 years for this day   apparently 
center ave w  <propmale> & <propfirst> (sneaky <propfirst>) with special guest <propfirst> swanson tonight and then a wakeup for spring-into-action clean-up day! 
stargazin in the south   with moonlight and moss in the trees 
epiphanies rock 
nice lazy sunday   to nap in the sun 
jams tonight @ the spot   table tennis too  =p
were there always this many stars?
its try and find work day    lets all celebrate by throwing jobs at me  =p
"me and <propfirst> bosman, goin out to see kickass tonight @ 10:20   hit us up if you're down "
i can't remember when i've been so psyched to see a movie   <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world looks great   an epic of epic epicness 
"eliminating   if my life had a face, i'd punch it in the balls "
earthday!  i'll be back from chitown by noon   hit me up 
"<propmale>'s fingers be silver, <propfirst>'s voice then be gold "
"my whole house is shaking, as they rip up my driveway, and put huge things in the ground  o o"
i opted to not have my crazy flakes today   
"my mothers name is gaia, and my father is uranus   for i am cronus, and it is saturday   saturns day "
two shows tonight 
webster poe was the epitamy of awesome tonight  <propfirst> trobaugh was awesomesauce as well 
"who's down for some open mic, and table tennis tonight?  come on out to the spot then!"
light!
"i can't wait for june   c'mon time, daddy needs a new pair of fast-forwards "
lookin to be a loooooong day 
screw all that    enjoying the day 
so its gonna be a wet weekend   there's room in the car if anyone else is thinkin  :  big wig mechanic  :  ghetto sexuual  :  indigo sun  :  webster poe  :  @ the kinetic playground 
it's my soul we're talkin about here   
let's boycott the hate 
i fell asleep in my chair watching avatar last night   i don't see whats so great about this movie   
well    its a semblance of plans  ha 
naptime   then the kinetic playground to see webster poe tear it up 
holy crap   i ran out of the stuff that's keeping me alive!  no nap for me   annoyed \
no chi-town tonight   two shows in town though   
i've had my fill of crazy flakes for awhile   it was a dark beltane this year   
long days  longer nights 
e g g# b e d b f b d b
i've got -=it=- back!
"anyone interested in coming to chicago w  me on saturday, for some bluegrass revival? tickets are super cheap, and its motherfuckin <propmale> bayliss and <propmale> <propfirst>  30db: \once or twice it would be nice to see you \""  =p"""
the opposite of baby-sitting  grandma-sitting  =p
a very string filled evening 
"happy mother's day, mom! <propfemale> laney you're the <propfemale>'s knees! thanks for squeezing me out  =p"
i can't wait to get the hell outta dodge   
iron man ii: stay classy   i can't wait for thor!
"<propmale> marley, you are missed \february 6, 1945 – may 11, 1981 \rip"
"july 17th, umphrey's mcgee is in indianapolis w  rusted root @ the lawn   who's down?"
i lost alot of things today    i hope they come back to me soon 
"i hope i find my phone, and other    jazz    before i hit up my journey for knowledge "
universe bubbles and inflation theory   
we are our brother's keeper 
sunshiny daydreams   
smile
"i am never going to give up   i am never going to quit   not ever, ever "
"well in the words of <propmale> marley    \sleep is for the weak \"" none for me """
"in my body, things    eating away the evil   terestrial possessions no more! not even a bit "
? is going to miss his regular doses of ?
"okay    so i know 2 people are comin w  me to phish in june  i remember there being some other people who were coming    who are you?!\hit me up, cuz i forget  =p"
i'm just    not important   i guess   
long rests    after sunday 
my brain is hurting my stomach    or is it my soul hurting my brain?
this weekend shall be the shit   i get see my buddies 5000 south! and    webster poe is playin 3 times in 2 days?!  sweet!
nights like these
man  having the joemobile again sure is nice   
"stax, potluck, and city   sounds like a plan "
i believe i proved my iron-chefedness tonight 
i'm definately out of commision for awhile   
i hope i'm not dying    anymore than usual that is 
"if you're coming to the chicago fire stadium toyota park june 11th show with me, send me a message "
"i'll have to get my table tennis fix, later this week "
kinda wiped   
balls out for  illinois citizens who support senate <propmale> 1381     maybe it'll happen still    annoyed \
"i woke up, and there was a stranger in my kitchen   she witnessed me w out my clothes on "
have fun all you s-campers 
"i'm falling \oh, i'm floating \no power left to land "
kinda bummed   can anyone say chocolate cake for breakfast? mmph yeah
"well, i just got home from having an unavoidable\ car accident   the whole front of the car is smashed     i'm fine, but \i'll be m i a  for awhile though "
hopefully they get my honda up and runnin today   
isuzu rodeo    i'm behind the wheel of a sports utility vehicle now    what? haha 
i love this weather    out tonight for some jams and pingpong action @ the spot!
"hey <propfirst> legris, had a great time today in that awesome downpour   the roads were flooded on my way back home, and cops were out directing traffic!"
ohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohman!!!! it'sjune! i'vebeenwaitingforthismonthforsoooooooolong! soexcited! yayexcited! superduperduperexcitedyay!
lookin like i'm gonna miss out on the funkin' gonuts   
sunshiney daydreams 
sneaky <propfirst> @ r-bar tonight  the possibilities are endless    but i hope they cover some dead tonight  *wink*
i got that from the infinite void that fills my head!
<propfemale>'s summer vacation! it should be interesting to say the least 
entering a week long hiatus   don't miss me too much 
i'm <propfirst> for sleep 
"i got sleep! nightmare filled, but sleep nonetheless "
some jams @ plush tonight 
grivin my shoop out
"there's just something about walking outside, naked, at midnight  the breeze is awesome tonight by the way "
"man, i can't wait for all the awesomesauce to come this weekend "
and its time to stage some runaway golf cart marathons 
"a few hours ago, i was reminded of what i used to live for "
i can't get over how awesome this place is 
"water as far as the eye can see! with dolphins, sea turtles, sharks and more!"
i've been in the foothills of the blue ridge mountains for the last two days!  breathtakingly awesome!
up @ 3 am for some fishin! @_@
i'm going to stay stopped smoking cigarettes   although chewing like <propfemale> wales looks pretty badass  =p
maybe an answer  maybe some sweet oblivious cure 
truth or farewell 
"so, are we all veterans of a drug war? i've been told to choose a side my entire life  =p"
hey everybody  30db is gonna perform the national anthem @ the cubs game next saturday! tune in! they're awesomesauce 
wow  maternity's gradeschool reunion this saturday   lookin forward to it 
pancakes: the cure-all for everything   everything 
"no more hints are needed   i prefer the obvious way, besides "
there is a consipiracy against talking about conspiracy!!!! ahhhhh! of course conspiracy theorists are cracked 
"man    so tonight, theres center ave  doin city tavern, lefty playing breakaway, the dal bash, and 5000 s  @ the <propmale> park   you know i'm at the park tonight "
it's that time again 
i feel sorry for superman    he'd never be able to grow a beard and keep his secret identity!
workin in the sun 
man    it takes like 45 minutes to make this special porridge! whew 
rawr!
no phone for a little while 
"if anyone has seen a purple hat w  a phish insignia, i'd like to know where the heck it's at   thank you "
umphrey's mcgee in indianapolis!!!!!!!!
"umphrey's mcgee, rusted root, and the <propfemale> tonight! awesomesauce is what today is!"
just woke up   last night was the best ever of ever!
"man, i got super sick   now i'm not, but i ask myself    where'd all this sawdust come from?  i'm literally covered in it   "
string cheese is playin va for halloween   i'm definately lookin into this 
"responsibility   it's pretty cool, sometimes   just gotta practice at it "
"trying to find a bayliss+austin sbd from 8 27 06  \i know i gave this show to plenty of people; if you've still got yours hit me up, thanks "
"i have my alpine tickets, in my hand "
later illinois   see you thursday 
home   i like to be here when i can 
"i've got phish tickets for alpine   if you wanted one, you better get at me sooner rather than later "
i can feel the perseids    in my dreams 
"so    when i got my phish tickets back when, i figured other people would be comin with  i've got tickets for both nights @ alpine valley    hit me up "
"<propfirst> legris and <propfirst>iel gemo, you guys turned me on to phish, and i love you for it   joyful "
"hey guys and gals    i'm not a jerk(okay, maybe i am kinda), i simply have lost my phone and all my contacts   i'm not planning on getting another for awhile either   "
the <propfemale> sets @ 10pm   perseids tonight!
culminating!
selling my computer  it's real nice   hit me up 
"common cultural conditioning, and predetermined patterns of behavior "
"cool, tetris battle! i don't share my game things, but this shit is some cool juice right here!  reminiscent of super puzzle fighter ii turbo!!!"
"okay   so the universe is trying to tell me something    so it must be important, because it knows i don't take messages "
"false dichotomies, and unsubstantiated oversimplified generalizations "
we should have a party in honor of <propfirst> horkheimer 
eternal sunshine
new show @ the planetarium tonight 
soon   
"i feel like i should say something witty or whatever, but whats the point? =p"
yes  i am still alive folks    just dead to the world 
"anyone interested in making a few extra bucks, hit me up   lookin for some help w  moving "
"well, my mom and grandma are moved out   now my car won't turn over    some great timing "
i'm still not sure what to do about my car   bleh 
anyone with superior car knowledge interested in comin out to look at my car?  i'll make it worth your while 
"so, i've been watching true blood    this show is 50% soap opera, and 50% fucked up!"
"the latest wheel of time book in paperback   it's been out for a year already, sheesh    i'm a sucker for delayed gratification  (i really just don't like hardcovers) =p"
well this is random    grace potter and the nocturnals are on the <propfemale> degeneres show today 
i need a new nemesis    who wants to face off to cool ass battle music every time we see each other?
for breast cancer awareness    i like it in my mouth 
some people will never be truly happy   
i met a skunk on my evening walk just now   it was really cool   i was tempted to call out to it   
my computer is alive!
"need help movin my bed and dresser, anyone got a truck or trailer?"
this huge metaphorical bear lumbered up to me today   
the weather is fitting  wish me luck 
awesomesauce!
get spooky with 5000 south this weekend!!
"fuck you, fuckers, for not voting "
"again    fuck you, fuckers, for not voting "
so i've effectively cut out the rot  get the message 
lots of driving in the rain    followed by more driving in the rain   yay   
no rest for the wicked   
"so what is qatar, and where the heck is it?"
"i just watched superman and capt  <propfemale> get their asses kicked by <propfirst> pilgrim   oh yeah, and love<self-confidence "
"~\northern dilemma\call of the cold\the arms of the arctic\begin to unfold"
small is my universe these days 
"today especially, <propfirst> sanders is another reason why i'd love to live in vermont "
it's no longer today   
lunar eclipse tomorrow night!
anyone doin um this new years?
"i'm not alive anymore, so leave me alone "
e = that's what she said!
keller or darkstar    i have to choose 
"dark <propfemale> crashes    into the vic next saturday, and i will be there!"
"so yeah!  i was born into the sign capricorn   no one can take what sign you -=born=- into   i'm not a sagittarius, i'm a cap, and will forever be   all the people born after now though won't share our zodiac dates    why is this so distressing to me? =p"
thanks guys  you too 
i'm the man from the mountain
"siiiick    if i don't feel better by tomorrow, i'ma put a cap in the universe  dso!"
"one of my favorite books is coming to life on hbo, in game of thrones, this spring   nifty "
uh oh   
i'm about to do something awesome  don't shit your pants 
return of the son of shut up and play your guitar!
"<propfirst> the grouch was kind of desensitizing, don't you think?"
it's going to be a dark and cold imbolc this year   
i wonder what kind of furniture pinocchio made    only <propfirst> knows i guess 
i was so looking forward to that god damned burrito!
"greatest weekend of 2011, so far "
no one can have my cooties    they're mine darnit 
yes! in march! heck yeah!
"gee, i like your pants, carnasie   ship ahoy! deathless horsie, shut up and play <propfemale> guitar some more      pink napkins?  laugh "
holy cow   
april 15th @ martyrs' for some ekoostikalityousness! i'm totally there!
and we shall stage a runaway golf car marathon!
"yes in a bit, then ekoostik hookah in another bit    laugh "
"politicians debating whether or not google is a verb    thanks morning <propfirst>, you put it all in perspective   > >"
"a man without a mustache, is like a cup of tea without sugar "
danced in a shower of bubbles    great night 
i wonder what <propfirst> gilmour did today   
soap  a collaborated virtuoso of immense awesome-osities 
"poor japan    first godzilla, now this   "
i wonder what i'll be doing at 1:59:26 5 pm   laugh 
"so i finally figured out what stumped everyone else, when all those bees died   auto erotic asphyxiation   "
ok  i have to go outside 
what? spider-man from '02 is now the most watched movie ever? i still haven't met a person who hasn't seen back to the future 
house of blues chicago! hell yes! no pun intended 
"<propmale> howe is still on my mind  dude is a beast, jumpin around the stage at 64!"
"someone wanted to borrow rebooting the american dream by thom hartmann, but i can't remember who   "
escape to freedom i need to be there 
i wonder if my computer will get back up from that dickpunch   
"hell yeah! thanks thanks <propfirst>, for tellin me about sunday funday with <propmale> bayliss!!"
yeah    i was born in the desert and raised in a lions den    what about it?
its depressing to think about the current cultural references on vampires   
the rain smells like the lake 
