3af5c559139e49d95b9be6bc0f6b3361
is cracking up over all the people on the east coast complaining about the rain
is having heart palpitations from the 6 shot iced coffee she just knocked off 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"thanks for all the b-day greetings, peeps!  smile "
"if you are in the usa text \haiti\"" to 90999 to donate $10 to red cross relief efforts in haiti """
"    if you & i woke up  in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me?  copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your  friends say     (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your  status  fair is fair )"
"isn't feelin' the new \homepage\"" layout"""
"fuck you, hallmark "
sending out good thoughts and positive energy for the people of chile and for everyone on the hawaiian islands 
"my horoscope today says my mood is creative  if wanting to take a nap is creative, then i must be a god damn savant!"
why does fb say my status update was at 10:11 last night when it was at 11:11? doesn't fb recognize dst?
"i'm fighting a terrible, viscious chocolate craving  curse you, ovaries, curse you!"
facebook on my tv    crazy
"oh, happy happy joy joy for 3 day weekends and pitchers of hefeweizen!"
"thought the sky was blue this am when she looked out & didn't see gray or rain falling from it  turns out it's really white gray  enough w the rain, god! jeez!"
"i just looked up again and saw blue! thanks, god! you're the man!!!  wink "
"thank you god, thank you for bringing sunshine today!"
needs a rock <propfemale> like nobody's business    ugh
wishing the rain would just stop and let us have summer already!
"fuck the fucking world & all the people who play you for a fucking chump  that's what's on my mind, motherfuckers! fuck all the people who can't nut up! hahahah"
ahhh     a new day 
wishing i could fuckin fall asleep! (and stop saying 'fuck' so much)
roooooaaaad triiiip!
finds it ironic that you can't bring fruit into a state that has 600 mi of fwy that smells like nyc subway stations
"sweet baby <propmale>, just crossed back into oregon  woohoo!"
medford & red bull to the rescue!
wants to blow shit up
blistered sunburn    ugh 
some road raging ass hole followed me for a good 20 <propmale> today  lost him by exiting the fwy the complete opposite direction from home  wtf is wrong w people!?
time to uncomplicate things i guess
ugh 
3am photoshoot in downtown portland  gotta love portland in the summer!
totally and completely unmotivated to do anything today  don't even want to get up to go pee  i hate days like that!
feeling supremely bored  would somebody please entertain me!?
suddenly i want chinese food  why doesn't the west coast believe in duck sauce? oh how i'd love a really good egg roll or spring roll with duck sauce  sigh   
my body is at work but my mind is elsewhere   
wtf is tv fanatic and why is it suddenly appearing on my wall? what the hell?
"so i'm reading up on the mosque near ground zero thing, & have mixed feelings  then i read what really throws me off; probably the only thing newt gingrich has ever said that i've agreed with! \\mr  gingrich", while recognizing that there are more than 100 mosques \3af5c559139e49d95b9be6bc0f6b3361,finally getting that pedicure i've been wanting for like years  pretty sure they're talking about me in cambodian or something though  but it's so worth it!
bad dreams all night  i feel like i want to hide out from the world today 
okay so i've reconsidered and am willing to face the world  sure would be better tho if someone could crack my upper back & give me a backrub!
what's on my mind? derma  duh 
"perseid meteor show starts tomorrow night  gotta get lots of rock stars & go someplace dark & far away for the night, i'm not missing it this year!"
who's got a canon (or canon dslr compatible) 50mm or 35mm lens they'll <propfemale> me for 24 hours?
"okay for real now, i really really need a canon 50mm f 1 8 for tomorrow night    anyone?"
"patiently waiting for more meteors  getting sleepy, camera battery getting low  just want one good shot! maybe sunrise?"
"i think i'm becoming manic  going on 43 hours awake, freakishly determined to get the shot of the perseids"
<propfemale> pooped on the rug at 4 am and blamed it on izzy 
finally went to crater lake! only took me 12 years to get there!
"the horoscope thing keeps getting more interesting this week: a new colleague or neighbor and i turn out to work quite well together-- so it's a great time for joint projects  i'm supposed to offer one up if i don't already have something cooking, and see how it all goes  looks like for sure i'll be rebuilding a deck on saturday, since i offered it up this morning! i guess that means i'm right on track!"
performance review at work today  wonder if fbing from work will come up at all? lol
"performance review went great, had an awesome weekend with friends, time to quit while i'm ahead & get back to reality"
"last nt i dreamed there was a retired circus alligator walking near me  it was friendly but was still an alligator, so it's keepers cut its teeth so they were dull & wouldn't hurt people  i remember feeling scared; i knew it could hurt me, but i also felt very sad for it because people screwed w its nature by domesticating it & clipping its teeth too  i kept looking in its eyes, wondering if it was going to hurt me "
"good bye, sunshine, thanks for the great week  see you next week  i hope  eff you, stupid clouds!"
today's mantra: fuck 'em with a <propmale> garden weasel!
"today, i did not roll over and lie down  today, i did not take it  today, i bitch slapped the shit out of somebody who had it coming with my intellect, fierce determination and willpower  i just hope to hell it doesn't reverberate back to me—but if it does, hell will hath no fury like this bitch scorned!"
nothing  nothing is on my mind except beer & cocktails  woohoo!
"leave\ a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter\ of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this \on your wall, so i can leave a word about you!"
it seems that the powers that be do not want me to be able to leave work early today!!! argh!
"um, it's 9:45 in bfe on i5  and there's traphic!!! wtp!?"
"google, i think you're the best thing since the <propmale> but your thoroughness & military precision phreaks me the phuck out!"
the man burns tonight  i'm so going to burning man next year  i must 
i retract my statement about google's accuracy  i missed my turn & am now in san <propfirst>  google says i'm in idaho though  wtf!? this is gonna get interesting
"sweet babymoses, i have rejoined i5  i now have a full tank of gas & a fresh cup of ice for the monsterrrrrrrrr i stole from <propmale>  i am armed & ready now!"
god damn i can't wait to be home!
9 surprise 0 went great and i phuckin rocked it hard!!!
i can't believe gen is six ephin teen today! it really does seem like it was just yesterday that i was carrying her 3 year old little self around on my hip   
arrrrrgh i can't sleep!!!
today <propfirst> negherbon wished me a happy 5771 year of the brisket  lmfao  for real  brilliant! bwahahahaha!
wishes she could take a pressure washer to her brain or find the fucking reset button 
still looking for that reset button    considering sandblasting instead of pressure washing 
"if it were any more humid here today, i'd need a snorkel  wtf!? this seriously rivals the east"
dear vizio people: thank you so much for the gift of wifi magically in my tv & the fabulous widgets  dear pandora people: i love you!!!! your technology adds to my quality of life!
sunset! woohoo!
my kingdom for a gatorade right about now
it's 11:11
"totally pouring outside, but only in the front yard, not the back  i see blue sky & puffy clouds up the street, too  ahh, autumn in portland "
"last full day of summer    good bye, summer  thanks for coming (such that it was here), drop by any time!"
"why, oh why can't i get back to sleep! 4am is so gay  hahaha"
"best wedding rehearsal dinner evar! not much rehearsing lol!  thanks <propfemale>, renzo & <propfirst>, & thx <propfemale> for the best talk we've had in ages  total catharsis   smile "
"<propfemale>, crisp air, bright blue autumn day  perfect day for a wedding  game on, moore-gonsalves!"
"almost recovered    man, partying sll night sure gets tougher as you get older  poop "
"nobody tries to carjack me and gets away with it  nobody  don't mess with my celica!\http annoyed  www thenewstribune com 2010 09 25 1356064 vancouver-female-driver-foils html"
"does anyone (local to me) have a verizon phone they don't need, that they'd be willing to give me for free? i need it for my friend's son so she can get a hold of her kids during the day!"
"redux  \does\ anyone (local to me) have a verizon phone they don't need, that they'd \be willing to give me for free? i need it for my friend's son so she can\ get a hold of her kids during the day! thanks!"
emptying the dishwasher should not be a task that evokes sweat  eff this weird ass humidity! argh!
"of course by \evokes\"" i mean \""induces\""  muh bad """
posting status updates from my tv  i think i've reached a new low 
dear god: it's 5:46 am and i've been awake for half an hour  you know that's not how i roll! why have you forsaken me like this?
"canadian bacon: neither canadian, nor bacon  discuss "
"it ain't me, it ain't me, i ain't no military son    it ain't me, it ain't me, i ain't no fortunate sonnnnn"
it's autumn in portland today  the way fall should be 
is thankful to babymoses for gifting me with the crossword while she sits hostage at the pharmacy 
thinks she might still be drunk from last night  wtf 
"is trapped in a mini <propfirst> with screaming women and <propfemale> <propfirst> blaring at me to turn around, bright eyes  fml "
wishes a beer would magically appear before her 
everyone change your profile pictureto one taken in the 1980s  be a good laugh to see how much we've changed    for the worse   or the better! change your picture and repost this 
is ready to go see some hot bitches on skates beat the shit out of each other  life is good 
"i've been up for like an hour and a half  why is it that i can get up at 7 surprise 0 on a saturday when i don't need to, but i can't seem to do that during the week when i do?"
"is making macaroni & cheese on account of no one bringing her a chicken pot pie and a pbr, preferably barefoot "
is back from an amazing weekend & feels like a whole new woman
"would like a philly roll, cali roll, tuna roll & miso soup to magically appear before her now, please   "
"there's a marching band trudging across the inside of my skull in stilettos  thank, mystery red wine, jenga and <propfemale>! <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
is craaaaazy hungry!
is actually eating fruit 
is gleefully watching jeopardy and binging on leftovers  weeeeeee!
"i need to find a forever home for <propfemale>; one w property or a fenced yard  i rescued her, having been dumped in the woods, & have given her tons of love  she's now happy, sweet & loving, eager to please  it's time for her to have the life she deserves  she's a red heeler, app 1 1 2, spayed, chipped & current  great w kids, dogs, cats  i'm willing to travel up to 250mi for the right forever home "
"i want to run, i want to hide  i want to tear down the walls that hold me inside "
wants to know who knows somebody who knows somebody who will replace my windshield stat for the smallest amount of $$ possible for a really nice yet really broke lady whose stupid insurance doesn't waive the deductible for windshield replacement!!!
"peanut butter & jelly, and then sleep time, and 5 days off that i get to spend with an amazing woman  doesn't get much better than that "
steen davidson-frost let's do this thang!
home improvement tip #436: simply putting clothes in the dryer isn't enough  one must depress the start button in order to maximize a dryer's efficiency and to ensure clothes are adequately dried in a practical and sufficient amount of time 
"happy thanksgiving to all of my friends! i love, value & am thankful for all of you  now i'm off to bend to meet \complicated\"" relatives and eat turkey! i'm also thankful for wine  smile """
"lounging on the couch with <propfemale>, post thanksgiving omelette  snl marathon on hulu  gorgeous woman just pulled up in the driveway  life is good "
every return to reality seems to wear my <propfemale> thinner and thinner  time to change my reality 
never was a cornflake girl 
"is turning japanese turning japanese turning japanese, i really think so "
feels unbelievably happy right now  life is good    damn good 
is wondering what that blue shit is up in the sky over portland   
"today i awoke to a dark night sky that is turning blue, as opposed to gray, as the sun comes up  it's gonna be a great day!"
"<propfirst> o'neill here's your snow, lady!!! and it's coming down again  not sure what the official report is, but it looks to be about a good foot of snow  (maybe i should've taken last night's winding up at the goodfoot as an omen lol)"
"dear xmas drivers trying to park \closer\"" with no regard to other traffic or pedestrians",\3af5c559139e49d95b9be6bc0f6b3361,"dear xmas drivers trying to park \closer\"" with no regard for other cars or pedestrians",\3af5c559139e49d95b9be6bc0f6b3361,vodka+oj+cyan+fucking awesome girlfriend+her bff+disco wii=holy shit i'm old & drunk but this is funnnn!
"happy festivus, everyone! i hope it brings you peace, joy, happiness and love "
"woke up to an amazingly blue sky, mimosas, bkfast & resident evil  sushi later, then new year's festivus action  incredible way to spend the last day of 2010!"
dear work: please please please pay whatever effing <propmale> needs to be paid so we can have heat at work again  kthxbye
thinks it's time to seriously figure out her next tattoo  this is getting ridiculous already 
i will send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here! they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
"\i love buttsauce \""  ~ <propfemale> d  morrigan"""
thinks it's an oregon state holiday or something    there's an eerie silence out there   
"is listening to the best 80s pandora station evar!!!! thanks, steen davidson-frost"
"helloooooo, drunken scrabble! goodbyeeee winning streak   annoyed "
a man breathes into a saxaphone; and through the walls you hear the city groan  outside it's <propfemale>  outside it's <propfemale>   
25th anniversary of the challenger e playful losion  damn i'm getting old 
i am the highway   
"i'm on my 2nd pb&j, roughly 9th episode of arrested development & 3rd glass of chocolate milk  pms & insomnia annoyed ethal combo  tomorrow's gonna be a rough day "
"i want all my facebook friends to please, comment on how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
"doesn't  know about the rest of <propfemale>, but being way full of nachos has me acutely aware of the lack of rolaids commercials"
brooklyn peeps! wondering if any of you know have been to night of joy in williamsburg?
"is really really snowed in without electricity, which is seriously impeding the \work remotely\"" process """
"eff you, pouring sleet  up yours "
¡tengo hambre!
is over it all  fuckit! bwahahaha!
"we are not on this earth to see through one another, but to see one another through "
"had finally succumbed to the ailing economy, and is officially unemployed "
wants a hamburger something fierce 
easy listening covers of 80s songs makes me feel stabby 
can't wait till summer!
