1259e10560c4f193f85c0a1edaf5e60b
is super psyched for wild waves tomorrow~!!   laugh 
wishes there were better things to nom in her house 
hair cut today (finally!!)
"wholey crap, it's hot!"
recently discovered the best way to play apples to apples     wink 
is looking forward to tomorrow!  laugh 
"is facing a rather grey, cool, dull day   "
it's late - wtf am i doing on fb?
parents   
why is it so hot??
"why is it so hot??    oh, it's just me~!"
wtf - it's only 10 and it's already 90+ degrees out!!   surprise ;;;
"blue angels!!! i  love  airplane noise! (wish i had brought a swimsuit, tho)"
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone~!!  love  love  love !
"hmm   another one of those sad, dreary summer days  where'd the sun go!!  crying "
i appologize in advance: damn you coors light and <propfirst> in the box!!! your stupid comercials make me lose the game every time!!!!  *foams at mouth*
is ready for school again   god summer can be boring 
ahhhh    i love the rain!!  love  love  love 
god   my brain is packed out!  if i have to fill one more box     x_x;  back to school soon!!
is sleepy   but super excited for collo workshop and orchestra!!
"hmm   monday   blagh    so, we meet again, eh monday? so   we meet again   monday! monday! we meet again! heeyaaa! *ninja epic skillz* *but mondays win - she falls on her face*"
"fuck you, monday "
exercise endorphins + awesome cello buddies = happy monday
oh all around the mullberry bush   
=_=  stupid mornings   i need to start getting more sleep
"rain, rain, go away   "
"can tell that tonight is simultaniously going to last way too long, and be way too short "
"really, really needs to remember to buy some cream cheese so she can have a bagle for breakfast   "
e playful ects to stay up too late again tonight - this time because of laundry   (you know you're in college when   lol)
just calculated that she will spend about $18 75 on laundry every quarter - that's about $56 25 a year on laundry!  (another edition of you know you're in college when   lol)
you remind me of the babe 
friday
   monday     playful 
   monday   and i still have a sectional and orchestra     =_=;
whadya mean it's not saturday?
whadya mean there's still school tomorrow?  sad 
tuesday!! *du dudu da!*
friday!!!    almost     >_>
"hey   guess what   it's friday, for real this time   laugh "
"i was going to do something productive, but i've done that thing where you walk into the room and then forget about 5 times now   so instead i'll just brag about how it's snowing here   laugh "
"saturday, attempt 1: dropped half of my english muffin in nasy, dirty dish water  fail   saturday, attempt 2: made eggs and \bacon\"" with toast and english muffins  win """
mornings should not start so early   playful 
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, right click(mouse), up, down      magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>  put this as your facebook status if it worked  it worked for me!"
"ok, well aside from discovering that the magic fb trick works    sleepy "
it's still too early to come up with a good status   stupid practice   and homework
december 1st!! start your advent calendars!!!   laugh 
"today's advent picture was a squirrel, my kills test is over, and chamber orchestra will be entertaining   from starting off pretty crappy, today's looking up   smile "
"thinks that it should snow, so that finals are more entertaining "
1) the wind is ungodly cold   2) concert today!! (incase you didn't know   ) 3) have i mentioned how freaking cold the wind is?
"1:10pm and still in my pajamas   dead day, i love you "
"k, srsly - 12 degrees?? srsly "
is on fb instead of doing her english paper   
"is, rather randomly and une playful ectedly, in a bad mood   do i really miss everyone already?"
"doesn't really follow why we all are pokemon now, but couldn't resist the <propmale> to be ponyta   although it was a tough decicion between ponyta and vaporion "
"is cleaning her room   right now   dang it, facebook wins again!"
ate some of the tastiest fish i've ever had   :9  i wish i could cook as well as my mom   
"wishes that the ps2 wasn't broken so she could kill some bad guys   well, kill anything    *twitch*"
"is really, really excited for christmas!!"
"never underestimate the power of stupid people, especially in large groups   stupidity increases in contagousness as more people are infected   beware "
of course the snow would start to melt as soon as i went out and bought good boots and a jacket    > playful 
has a very sick computer   but it's not dead yet   it's getting better   i think it's going for a walk      surprise ;
is getting her computer fixed on monday!!   laugh 
is trying to find the remote for this week so she can get it back to regular speed instead of 1 2 speed 
"mrs  c  was fond of <propfirst> ives, and another worry she had was that she might have \an ives hallucination \"""""
is more dead this morning than usual     playful 
successfully did <propfirst> squat today 
back to school again   why is it that 3-day weekends always feel so short?  sad 
let me speak for all of <propmale> a:  if we ever find out who the douche who pulled the fire alarm at 4am today is     *makes slashing gesture across throught*
is nerding-out with musicophilia and is feeling a little overloaded music wise   but can't bring herself to turn her music off   it's a good feeling
there may yet be a sliver lining to this cloud   
"is tired, doesn't want to go to studio, is melting her brain from listening to her beethoven movement so many times, and hopes that she can get to sleep at a decent hour tonight   =_=;"
"is gonna jinx it, but thinks she might actually be able to pull off a decent jury   *knock on wood*"
"america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this "
thank god the dorm has industrial-strength toilets   
wants to punch the economy and <propmale> copland in the face 
what is the air speed velocity of an unlaiden swallow?
dioasfenaiu hio wink sainfeailhf iho; hisfqailf klk lnfkdsalij   anife 
ahhh   closing in on the end of a long week   weekend - here i come 
"tgif!  rehearsal w brandon, possibly wings for dinner, then it's ~ahhhhh~ relaxing time "
has decided to root for the saits - only because they've got a cooler emblem   
is sad that the common sense and the common courtesy have become endangered species 
"had an epic practice session (after some much neede coffee)   bring it on, playing test!!  >w<"
tuesday?  it's only tuesday?!  t_t
"to captain <propmale>!  thoughts to the <propfemale> <propfemale> crew, and all the fleet "
happy lunar new year!
is looking forward to a restful 3-day weekend 
stayed up watching olimpic skating and trying to find whoever is using their room as a bouncy toy   sleep happened sometime after 1 smile 0   this might be an interesting day 
has nothing to say about this particular wednesday   
"no orchestra today!    actually a little sad about that, but looking forward to having more time to practice "
"really hates the weather right now   it's so <propfemale> and pretty, but it's still cold     playful "
gah   it's tuesday   again   playful   no me gusta   
yay for a little sprinkle of snow~!  and easy theory homework~!  and good practice session~!
is rediculously happy:  just had a 3-part email conversation with dr  gries   almost entirely in limricks!!  why is he leaving??  t_t
fuck - just found out that she can't go hear mozart's requiem because of orchestra and comp  concerts!!!!  >:e
"well, today was   interesting   woke up feeling like i got 3 hours of sleep; my bow popped appart and needs fixing; left my keys and my phone in my room, and subsiquently got locked out for 1 2 the day; probably got a bad grade on my aural quiz   but i did my laundry with out a hitch   lol"
"ok, lets try this again   "
is pondering wether or not she will go try to be useful 
randomly woke up at 7 this morning   what will this day bring?
friday!!  where have you been all my week?!
ahhhhhhh   finally gets to take off her concert shoes~!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> stocker and <propfemale> schmidt, i will make you to come to a meeing of the peanut gallery next quarter   there is no escape "
ate lunch at the surc and couldn't figure out why so many people all got the memo to wear green today   then remembered what day it is 
"one more rehearsal, then home   it's kinda creepy being one of maybe 5 people still in the building   "
loved the rain on the way back!
"first day of classes pt 1 - had crappy sleep, but feels optimistic, and only 2 classes   comming tomorrow: first day of classes pt 2!  including 8am class as a special guest artist!"
"oh look, snow   for some reason, this strikes me as hilarious   *goes outside and frolics*"
"today is almost over, which means that all too soon it will be tomorrow, which means that i will have a 6-hour class all too soon    playful "
"early orchestra, then cool traditional fiddle concert - whee~!"
thorsday! convo! longhorn burger!
is avoiding macgamut and other homework   
"hooray for easy macgamut!!  (well, except for the aural chords, which hold a special place of hatred in my heart )"
"<propfemale> <propfemale> stocker and <propfemale> schmidt - peanut gallery meeting wed, 14th, black hall 142, 7-9p   just because i have opera rehearsal 7-9 doesn't mean you'll escape for long   lol"
why are we still here?
"of course i have to get sick right before opera production   classes all day, rehearsal 7-10 *cough cough*   i really need to get a little more sleep "
"the weather today looks like how i feel - not good, but ok "
hmm   
<propmale> <propmale> can divide by zero 
avatar is officially on my list of movies i must own 
"ahhh   finished with solo ensemble, feet hurt "
macdamut!!  laugh 
"\volfvagnerstrauss!!\"" <propfemale> <propfemale> stocker and i are gonna ace that first question on the mid-term!"""
<propfemale> burana is amazing   love 
"you know, i don't usually bother to complain about the wind on fb   but today is definately an exception   the wind is fun when skinny people get blown about - it's intense when people like me get blown around "
i ask again:  why are we still here?  why?
"awesome   suitemate's douch-bag of a bf came to visit, and looks like he'll be staying for a while   awesome "
"    \the white dragon\"" is a kung-fu chick click!!  those exsit??  simultaniously the funniest and stupidest martial arts movie i've ever seen!"""
"i know it's old news, but wedell hill: i hate you sometimes   fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me   so are we gonna go for a third round?"
"you know those days where you lock yourself in a room for hours and get absolutely nothing productive done, but come out feeling better than you have in a long time?  yeah   it's good   smile "
"<propfemale> j level  it's facebook official:  i love you, mom; happy mother's day!!  love  love  love "
karma: thank you for burning my fingers this morning; i guess i had forgotten about you 
"you know, if i'm not careful i might actually start saying \macdamut\"" as a swear word   """
"here comes the sun, little dralin'; here comes the sun, and i say; it's alright!"
"feels like i need to toast to this state-wide beautiful day   grr, wish i was home b c i know that we'd be playing badminton and having a party to celebrate   if i had my own place here, i'd throw a bbq fo shiz "
<propfemale>
decided to wear her contacts today   has it really been that long since i last wore them??
tea  love  love  love 
"weekend!! you're taking too long, hurry up!"
<propmale>!    and somehow got a little sunburnt on her face 
"\oh wait - i forgot my jelly beans!\""     \""you can fit through those bars?\"" \""yeah \""     \""you are such an idiot \"""""
"ok, seriously?  i mean, come on    seriously?!?  wtf"
"morrell hunt, <propfemale> run thru, morrell nomming, epic nap   so far, so good!"
5 more days!!
really?  do you even try?????  at least attempt   
"geology final:  start time, 8am; walk out of building, 8:40am   win "
"what??  weird and cloudy all day, then as soon as all the schools finish for the day suuuuun~!  you lucky punks   "
has recently fallen in love with her chinese health balls 
3 b+'s and 2 a's!!  gpa @ 3 4  oh yeeeeaaaaaaah~! (coolaid man voice and everything)
"is probably a little too happy that discovery channel brought back the \i love the world\"" commercial     laugh """
is willing to bet that this summer is going to be pathetic as far as sunshine and over 70 degrees goes   
kooza was so awesome!! i  love  cirque!!
"given that we celebrate independance day with fireworks, does any one else see the beauty that the best fireworks come from the indian reservations     wink "
is super happy   laugh 
"is wagging her finger at the ref and spain for not-so-clean world cup   some were deserved, but some were blatant falls   but that's soccer - what can you do   "
at kairos lyceum!!  yay~!  and super psyced that her old internet connection left over from school still works! lol
walking: many who like reading like this 
project runway!!  love   i forgot how much i love it!
t-7 days till i'm 20   when did this happen??
"i was gonna be ninja, but then i missed   "
my computer loves me today: music on random and every thrid to fifth song is radio head  good computer ? 
"definately rocked out to schubert's \death and the maiden\"" today   """
"thanks everybody!!\ love  love  love "
rain makes me strangely happy    laugh 
meteor shower!!!!
had the poop scarred out of her when the jets boomed over today   surprise ;;
my brother is a buttface   love 
"tonights dinner: shrimp, leftover beef, garlic dip, and chocolate chip cookies     win"
here's a shout-out to all my still-in-high-school peeps   happy back-to-school 
definately just fixed the printer   smile 
dude   craig's list is awesome 
the only difference between a warning and a threat is how you react   
"you're both idiots   grow up   this is why i'm so commited - to try and prove that i'm better than you, that i can make it work   so far, it's not that hard   get over yourselves!"
's student appartment pwns  ? top floor and gigantic!!  laugh 
"all moved in, got my internetz set up, and 80-90% of my crap put away  still need to put up my posters pictures  seriously, though   this apartment is win "
"please\put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on\alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that \people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the \rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil \   empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy past this  \will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"dear housing and connection card people - i don't know if you guys had some falling out in the past, but please reconcile your differences and talk to each other again   it's leading to some problems for the rest of us, since you're both integral parts of this university "
successfully spent $55 bucks during fredmyer night and got all the stuff she needed! woot 
is stalling   audition!! *shakes fist in air*
"doesn't feel good   i just want to curl up on my sofa and watch labyrinth, but convo's in an hour      sad "
is feeling better   might go for a walk   and is kind of happy   
has decided that she definately cannot live without baroque chamber music in her life   love 
walking past a marching band practicing makes me feel like i'm in a show movie and have a sound track    lol  love 
"monday, you were weird   but tuesday - tuesday's looking pretty good    smile "
dear crows who sleep in the trees in the courtyard   you kinda suck  gtfo already 
\cellos," you are not born unto yourselves \"" - caoile\"1259e10560c4f193f85c0a1edaf5e60b,"you know how some people just have to move when the ~spirit~ of the music takes them?    yeah, well because of your stupid ~spirit~ i starred at the damn floor the entire concert!"
"omg - the weather outside is totally like that first fight scene from \hero\""!!    *nerd*"""
who wants to come do laundry with <propfemale>?? hmm? any takers? it smells good and it's all toasty; you know you want it    laugh   lol
really needs to make some friends who aren't in marching band    -_-;;
die fledermaus   
"if i prayed, it would be for you   love  rip"
*sigh* why isn't it friday yet   
like my status and i'll tell you 1  what i've learned about you while looking at your wall 2  what color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you 4 what animal you remind me of        5  ask you something i've always wondered about you 6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird nickname 8  challenge you to post this as your status
"really, really wants palace for breakfast   but isn't sure if she wants to spend money   "
"in case you haven't heard it enough yet, halloween concert tonight at 7!! be there!"
"just to make him squirm a little   brother week  if you have had a brother who has made you laugh, knocked you around, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall or tripped you, once or twice picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and most importantly loved you, then copy & paste this to your status "
cello-bration begins tonight~!!
"is really looking forward to today being done with   cello celebration is fun, but quite draning   - -;"
is going to attempt to do no-shave november on her legs    let's see how long it takes for her to go insane 
"1  how can it feel colder after my 8am class than it did before?  2  already got a great idea for next halloween~ this one's gonna take some work, though   "
"wow, hello rain   love "
tech juries today   and litterally every single practice room is taken   even the elevator had somebody practicing in it! (not kidding)    and yet it just makes me love the music building even more because then people have to come out and show themselves a little bit 
the cold is back   brr 
"come on, weekend!"
may or may not be on the verge of something awesome   
is not in marching band   and is slightly sad about it   
"fellow women in my life feel free to join me in this menacing fist-shake to the sky \*grr   *"
"this sunday, november 14th, at 4pm -you- should be in the concert hall listening to the chamber orchestra play some freaking epic music   you will not regret it!  be there!!!"
"ok kids, tomorrow at 4pm cwu chamber orch is putting on a concert   you should come listen   why?  because we made prof  rehkopf speechless for a second   that's why "
i just spend 1 1 2 hours studying for the extracredit quiz im music history   the problem?  class started 1 2 and hour ago   fml 
"has discovered that her \snow\"" voice is almost as bad as her \""kitty\"" voice """
look at all those cute little sparkles of frozen water that are just heavy enough for gravity to bring down to us land-bound creatures    laugh 
"at 8am there was no wind, not snowing, just cold and pretty   11 smile 0am it's snowing nicely, and the wind is throwing it everywhere   happy 1 2 of monday "
snow is pretty~~  *w*
"best part of thanksgiving:  saying grace, and then at the end little 4-year-old cousin says \and because i can spell cat!\"" with a menacing poke to the chest of an aunt   love """
my body can't seem to decide if it's got a fever or a cold   or both    playful 
   has a cold     playful   yay for tea and dayquill!!
stress
not as bad as i thought   
finished her chem final in 40min   what?
"all snuggled up for a long winter's nap, when all of a sudden there was such a flash, i <propfemale> from my bed to a slight thunder crash  the window i opened, excited not forlorne, to behold such a wonderful winter-time storm! the lightning went flash! the rain came down! and the wind swept everything all around!"
can i please go back now?  t_t
~snow~  *frolics*
"<propfemale> <propmale> will appreciate this:  fuck, that was good pizza!\super1 pizza is win   love  om nom nom "
"awesome  that was pretty much the worst fucking audition i've ever played  probably not so bad that i'll get kicked out *hopefully* but still, worst fucking audition ever "
feels good today 
"needs a job, so that she can have insureance, so she can have a car, so that she can get groceries "
