41aad64ae9d362e1a052fd6ae6ff438c
i was just browsing through my feeds and i've just come to the conclusion that i terrible at responding back to messages  im gonna have to wrk on it   lol 
you know i was thinking that i miss out on so many things due to some pore choices ive made along the way but it is was it is and i guess ive gotta make the best of it 
"err>>>where the heck is this darn \how evil are you quiz\"""""
"ok so i took the evil quiz and im only 8% which suprises me   lol   i thought id get a little higher but 8 is good  my swear word is apparently \wanker\"" lmao    how funny is that becasue i could see myself usuing it """
ok so i've been reading about what the cpsc has reported about the toxic metal in the paint on the shrek glasses  from what i gather the recall is only a precautionary measure because the metal (cadmium) has been known to cause such affects  but what i want to know is in what amounts and how long before we would know if anything serious would come from e playful osure  how much do we know about this metal?
"to everyone from work that i forgot to say bye to, thank you for the great times we've had and to the bad ones as well    lol  it was loads of fun and it has been a pleasure    hopefully ill see all of you from time to time  keep in touch "
"to\ everyone from work that i forgot to say bye to, thank you for the great\ times we've had and to the bad ones as well    lol  it was loads of fun\ and it has been a pleasure    hopefully ill see all of you from time to\ time  keep in touch "
"ok, so im up late and bored and thought id give a shout out to all my peeps at amh and everyone else that i havent talked to in a while  miss you guys and hope all is well  things are going great   lots of spanish to learn but for now its what we call \spanglish\""   lol  hit me up sometime """
i hate being sick! hopefully i'll feel better tmrw 
i'm so tired but just don't want to sleep 
you know with all this rain we could at leave have a thunderstorm or something!
i think something gets lost in translation when i send posts from my phone to here  a word always seems to get misspelled or left out entirely    errr 
so what exactly defines a friendship?
"dr  <propmale>'s test (what do others see in you?) -- my result: \the loyal one\""  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 465309 referrals status?aid=1180987724"""
"b movies are so funny to watch, the acting is so bad   lol "
"the synchronicity principle\\the synchronicity principle as psychologist <propfirst> <propfemale> described it was \based on the belief that, \there are no accidents \"" he felt that all \",41aad64ae9d362e1a052fd6ae6ff438c,hate when my internet connection is spotty on rainy days  goes off and on 
goodnight facebook friends 
"ok so bad things happen to good ppl, and good things happen to the undeserving, wtf, at some point somethings gotta give  am i wrong in thinking so?"
so all of a sudden i have the urge to carve some pumpkins   lol   whose with me?
thank you to everyone for each birthday greeting!!
"i mean really, who's bright idea was it to create a computer virus!"
"holy cow! 1lb of hashbrown potatoes are a lot  add water to this <propfemale> box from hungry <propfirst>, wait, then cook  wow "
"mmm!! sausage gravy and biscuits, well gravy and crescent rolls cuz i didnt have any buscuits, lol  what a great way to start the day!"
"so, i've come to conclusion that i think to much which brings me to ask where exactly do they find the info in order to write horoscopes "
i need coffee!! <propfirst> valdez!!!!!!!! lol
"ok, i feel dumb! why cant i figure out how to take pictures off of here and add new ones!!"
"seriously! someone help me out, i cant figure it out  sad really cuz i put them on there a while ago and now have completely forgotten how to do it again "
"so how do i remove photos from the \photos of me section\""?"""
thank you to all that commented on my photos  it's a great pleasure that i can offer my creativity to the world  just wish that i had more free time 
why am i still up   gotta wrk 6-2 tmrw  sleep?
sleep is a good idea  goodnight facebook 
good morning!! love early mornings and late nights 
indie is just great! goodnight fb 
so apparently i need to grow up  all i have to say is that if ppl dont like me for who i am then they can just suck on a lemon and be sour because im gonna be me and thats that 
i wonder why it is that songs remind you of certain ppl or events  is it the words or something else?
its kind of amazing that music has the ability to evoke all emotions while painting quite a picture in your imagination  love it 
going out for coffee and just talking is the shiznit 
ok so between the two of us here at ihop i think that we've drank 2 pots of coffee just talkin  so does anyone think i have a <propmale> at some sleep?
lol   can we say cut off!!
"random   so why do they call \miracle whip\"" or similar products salad dressing because we don't put it on salads """
wtf! is my dog just dumb or doesnt want to listen  he keeps doing things that he knows not to do 
i think its sleepy time   well for a lil while atleast  tired     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
something is def in the air today 
happy thanksgiving!! gobble gobble   lol 
