d9aea9f60a43339b10afb38f823f6348
i like really like my friends
you guys should look at my vampire picture found to the left of this post  my eyes are normally blue but i made them bright topazy!
ycl evaluation at the stake center at 6pm today wednesday and *caugh* can anyone give me a ride that lives near me anyway?
im at summer school with my friend sibo right now  yay for learning!
just went to a dance sooo awesome!!!!!
i like totally miss a bunch of people right now: you know who you are  love 
i got some new shirts at <propfemale> russe-thank you mom  :j
"ive now been to lodo lower downtown and i spent the afternoon at the 16th st  mall after getting very lost but taking some fantastic photos of <propmale>, very interesting architecture "
"it's my birthday and i was born at 10:55 i spent my day in a very relaxing fashion no one let me lift a finger, <propfemale> let me win all the games, and i took a very long nap  so my birthday was made wonderful and special by the wonderful special people in my life including all of you guys  you really made my day! thankyou "
heck yes me and <propfemale> my amazing cuzin in law are now friends on facebook!!
"im sitting in the car going to pick <propfemale> up for a swim, and theres a water bottle on the floor thats literally burning my foot   thats messed up"
dinosaurs and zombies are the scariest things in my head!!!--and no    i did not mean *in my opinion 
moving my stuff up to mesa today   seeing a movie- not sure which  and i really wanna go swimming!
i am very sad to leave my safford family! they've been so good to me and i love them   crying 
"la camarata is the best thing in my life right now!! no offence to all the other best things in my life  i love school, but my back doesn't  i'm still smileing!!"
i don't think performing arts is my thing   at least auditioning for them sucks! what ever happened to volunteering? if that's all it took then i'd be the first person in 
"i feel so happy i might cry and it's sunday so i think i can get away with it  my \cuz\"" is leaving on his mission  hallelujah!"""
let's go d-backs let's go! went to my first pro baseball game yesterday  i love my lacamarata peeps!
"three blonde friends died together in a car wreck  they found themselves standing in front of the <propfemale> gates with st  <propfirst>  he told them that before they could enter heaven, they had to tell him what easter was about "
"sorry nm wish i was there!!  stupid act, and homecoming  shh   don't tell my date or the test, otherwise it will give me a bad score  love you family  special shout out to my cuz <propfirst> for being such a great example and fulfilling his calling from the lord  your going to be great  hugs "
happy happy happy halloween!--hmm is this obnoxious? oh well happy happy happy   jk 
*squeels* i'm seeing <propmale> potter tonight!!!oh yeah  laugh dddd
yay! tomorrows british accent day i've been looking forward to this for like <propfemale>!
hmm   my printer is ringing  what do i do?
choir tour 2 days!!!!!!
