8f27c7429ea64542cbdc17eebed61eb6
loves being woken up by codey hitting me with pillows  at least it wasn't the memory foam one this time smile 
"1,000 ways to die "
just ask    http annoyed  www formspring me ashley801
awesome jam session with shelb and <propfirst>= lost voice
livin' like <propfirst>
"welcome, they said welcome to the floor "
still on my adrenaline rush from my car accident    perfect for work!
shockers weren't the best thing to eat just after waking up   smile 
finds it funny when people are so damn immature   smile 
"well, excuse my beauty!"
all i want to do is drive    drive so far away from here 
peanut butter mood  extra peanut butter   smile 
"love my new car!! thanks <propfirst>, you're the best   smile "
i would just like to thank whichever one of my neighbors it was that backed into my car and didn't have the decency to leave a note or call   you really helped me out a ton!
what a f-ing joke   
is this really happening?
can't unwind    adrenaline and i seem to have a love hate relationship 
last night was a perfect example of why i never go out    still way angry about it too 
"haha yep, you both were huge mistakes, no doubt about it  definitely better off without smile "
this week i was lucky enough to find out how my car holds up to being rear ended by an suv   
really wants an adventure right about now   
"<propmale> <propmale> once saw criss angel levitate, he just laughed and flew away "
"yeah, keep playing terribly  good idea "
"\batman wouldn't break those cookies\"""""
hoping wincent will actually eat this time  i really prefer to prepare his food as little as possible  
thanksgiving by myself  sweet 
"oh, how quickly that changed things  "
nap time smile 
just felt <propfemale> <propfirst> kick! so cute smile 
my poor wincent sad 
send a # to my inbox 1-500  i will tell you how i feel about you on my status   smile 
"#8 you grew up still live just around the block from me, yet i never see you ever  i'm still trying to figure that one out    from what i remember you're a pretty cool kid smile "
"#447 you're gay  also you're my best friend  we have some pretty good times together, i guess  haha i love you!"
"#50 you remind me of the good times in middle school   smile  you're super cute and always make me laugh! i really miss you a lot, can we please <propfemale> out soon?"
#11 you are so much fun and never fail to make me laugh! not to mention you are probably the cutest mom i have ever seen! i miss you and wish you lived closer! i think <propfemale> and i will have to take a road trip to see you again    i'm dying to see your new house  i love you!!
#12 cutest little pregnant girl i know and so much fun! i'm glad that i can entertain you with my amazing kinect skills    e playful ect me over at the house again real soon  i love you girl!
"#9 i was going to make you wait since you are being so impatient but i'm too nice    anyway, i miss you crazy girl! you and your no nonsense attitude    work just isn't the same without you! let's do something soon, okay??"
"#99 so much fun, and always down for a good time wink  remember the first night i had my new car and we went on that adventure? yeah, that needs to happen again soon  love and miss you!"
"#420 first of all, this is the perfect number for you for obvious reasons  second, i love that we have the same opinion on that one girl who sucks big time  third, you're crazy smile "
asap as possible 
making some delicious treats!  smile 
reese's peanut butter trees?? i guess i'll have a few smile 
"i've got a bad feeling about this, i've got it bad "
please just go away 
two weeks of this constant headache is starting to get old    that and the nausea that goes along right with it 
"cause i was half-baked, smoking doobies "
"may have partied a little too hard last night    love when you are here, though smile "
"can't get my dream off my mind    screw you zombies, hospitals, and all that blood "
"dear apple store, your customer service sucks "
"left work early and after two hours of stop and go traffic, and maneuvering around all the cars that couldn't make it up the big hills, i'm finally home!  smile "
looking really good with a swollen jaw
so done with you smile 
"not going to lie, i really missed our adventure nights    better be more in the future smile "
tattoo smile 
doesn't want to say goodbye   
"hahahah that's way too funny, you're as fake as they get  you really had me going there, when all along i was just someone you could use to buy you crap and let you use my car  you need to get real "
"going to go get an xbox and a kinect after work today, anyone want to come with?  smile "
"time is never wasted, when you're always wasted "
"<propmale> needs to hurry and download already!! going to be up all night watching it, let me know if you want to join smile "
"does anyone else think the <propfemale> looks really big, or is it just me?"
having a hard time transitioning back to my car from the sti    no turbo and about 200 less horse power  it's different to say the least smile 
"good morning, neverland smile "
"you didn't mean it, baby "
"cyclobenzaprine, divalproex, betaxolol, alprazolam, dextroamphetamine, rosiglitazone, zolpidem, hydromorphone    "
just watched a kid run down the street with a tie dyed cape and his acoustic guitar held straight out at his side    he made my day smile 
of course tonight is the night my hot hands supply in my car runs out 
i can tell already that this is going to be another sleepless night 
"heat, do you feel heat? cause i'm creeping up the side of your bed and onto the sheets "
anyone want to pay my ticket? i'll give you an iou smile 
