0c9edc757644ec683e10ec94e85f0b0a
"one resolution i have made, and try always to keep, is this — to rise above the little things                                         2 more hrs     "
got so much much i dont even know where to start  
long day ahead  
ascension   
cold and tired   hate i got class  
takin a hard ass quiz  
im good   
party mode  
fully understand imma rare find  
and i know wat to do with it  
shody  
party!!  
so much work with so little time   
nvr go unprepared 2 a public speaking speech   lol
mcb party 2night   
class at 2 
youv been offically blessed like you with a preist 
wat 2 do <propfemale> a guy like me doesnt know wat to do?   
"\great minds discuss ideas  average minds discuss events  small minds discuss people \"""""
we go get tipsy in dis club   
class in session  peace  
doin some critical thinking  
doin a paper on same - sex marriage      deff against 
"every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home "
"every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home "
shit i thought i seen all the chicks around erie    
i aint worryed bout it you know where you need to be   
"nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending "
back in business 
class in 10mins then i'm done for the day     
only wanna know yo name   
so ambitious    
"i don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody "
feelin pretty good    and its not even friday yet   
loos like its no school for me tomorrow  
i wanna be more then the words that i say to you 
just commin from a nice lil mens meeting at the church    nice 
ambition is pitiless  any merit that it cannot use it finds despicable
feelin a song its called everything to me by tye tribbett   check it out  
people love others not for who they are but for how they make them feel 
tryin 2 see wat tonight gonna hit for   
the motivaton for me is tellin mme wat i cannot be   
feelin good    lol
i hope this aint a dream     cuz damn shorty bad   
listenin to some of that donell jones    
i love my mom!!    
yea its deff time for some new pics    
"if you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up "
bless me with your wonder    
"got a thing for that pretty smile     and them pretty lips, along with them pretty hips   "
1 more class    
you know im in to you   question marks wat im finna do??? you dont know wat im finna do    when i     
wanna give you that feelin other females a kill for 
great night     nice morning   
too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are 
"if i never met you, i wouldn't like you  if i didn't like you, i wouldn't love you  if i didn't love you, i wouldn't miss you  but i did, i do, and i will "
when you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams 
the ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands 
chillin wit quwale this nigga funny as hell   lol
you gorgeous and im handsom 
damn i love you love 
feellin pretty good  smile 
nice day    
what you are looking for is what is looking 
"the right song at the right time, with the right volume does wonders     musical healing   "
"tomorrow always comes, and today is never yesterday "
doin a lil writing  good music in the atmosphere   feelin inspired love 
for it is in the valley when one truly learns oneself and begins to conquer ones greatest enemy…your self …for i consider myself blessed as the israelites where when <propmale> thru the power of our mighty god made the great exodus from egypt to the promise land …and so when i reach the mountain top i will never forget what it took to get there or ever forget the egypt that i came from… the philosophies of shody love 
i love my girl almost as much as my mom crzy!!!
lovley love 
"you've got a lot of choices   if getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice "
 love 
i love you shawnquill love 
i love you jesus!!
"that the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth , though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and <propfemale> at the appearing of jesus christ  "
"be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour    "
"and we know that all things work together for good to them that love god, to them who are the called according to his purpose "
my soul says yes!!
my life is not my own 2 you i belong!!! i give myself away so you can use me  
we can change the world!!  
for your <propfemale> i'll do anything!!!
i gotta be where you are!! we need your glory!!<jesus>
freedom!!!!!
"and because iniquity shall abound , the love of many shall wax cold   but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved  "
"being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of jesus christ:"
i want more of you   
"therefore if any man be in christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away ; behold , all things are become new "
"if the son therefore shall make you free , ye shall be free indeed "
its time 2 die more    
yes 2 holiness  
"wherefore lift up the hands which <propfemale> down , and the feeble knees;  and make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way ; but let it rather be healed"
jesus!!
there is a war every moment of our lives on the inside  and he wants 2 know will you follow me when it hurts you 2 do whats right  when no one else is around will you live holy??  its tough   we all know  hopfully your answer will be yes lord! 
adversity= i'll press a lil harder  
its all about him  
use me lord!
"nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us   for i am persuaded , that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present , nor things to come ,  nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of god, which is in christ jesus our lord"
what is your life? you are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes  ppl of god lets enjoy this mist in christ  lets live a life of meaning and not of sin  
i wanna be like jesus!!!!!!!!!!
what ever it takes!!
help us jesus!!
"its tough 2 put into words what god is doing, but all i know is tht i wanna be a part of it  saints of the living god its time 4 us 2 do or reasonable service and present or bodys as living sacrifices holy and acceptable unto god!"
lets be real 4 christ!!
lord you are sooooooo amazing!
i love you lord!
i live 2 worship you in spirit and in truth!
help me lord!
im ready 2 praise the name of the lord!
theres no hope outside of christ!! ppl lets realize this and govern ourselves accrodingly before its everlastin 2 late!  you can have the best job whatever but what profit a man to gain the world and lose his her soul?
thinkin about jesus  
"and they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for i am with thee, saith the lord, to deliver thee"
lord teach me how 2 love like u!
lord kill me if i dont preach the gospel!
2011=kingdom business
i aint got no horror story god kept me in my youth i give em all the <propfemale> the blood of the lamb saved my soul thts my testimony (da truth)
"bro <propmale> slade iii said something soooo profound so i gotta quote it! \if your relationship with christ aint strong how you e playful ect to have a strong one with me?\"""""
prayer!!!!!!!!!!!
it should be our personal philosphy to stay pure before the lord!!
<propfemale>'s idols are money power and sex   will anybody make a stand for jesus
sanctification on my mind  
jesus
"i want jesus!! not another woman, anymore clothes, shoes, ect    just jesus!!"
add me on oovoo rashody7
