1a7f209f9f3e7edeb332358d02b99df9
hates the hot weather
is in topeka hell yeah
you've got to trust your instinct and let go of regret
love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination 
just took tigger swimming for the first time   tigger does not enjoy swimming
just put some chocolate syrup on a piece of bacon   it was amazing
going swimming!
is having a good day
wants to go to the lake
there's a damn eagle running through the house
my burps taste like pickle and banana
is always flapping in the wind
needs a distraction
i dont want to wonder if this is a blunder
my heart sings when i think of you
wants to draw a giant chalk mural
has a new obsession
"think for yourself, question authority"
leather axe does not smell like leather at all
has decided to stop eating meat
smells the smelly smell of something that smells smelly
who would win in a fight: r  <propfirst> ermey or <propmale> <propmale>? i say r  <propfirst> ermey
what kind of magic spell to use?
will be there for you as the world falls down
is bummed
can't remember
is toasty
had fun at the navy ball and watching old disney movies
needs a lizard with a ladder
here we go
itches
had crazy dreams last night
is ready to get these damn drainage tubes out
will teach your grandmother to suck eggs
has had a good few days   feeling better!
you are entering the realm which is unusual  maybe it's magic or contains some kind of monster  the second one  prepare to enter    the scary door
is a very lucky lady
happy winter solstice
is addicted to <propfirst> kart on n64
with <propmale>'s help we beat special cup on extra   for those of you who dont know on extra all the courses are backwards    it was a proud moment for bowser
is a redshell bandit
had  an awesome time in topeka
is a shrub nugget
loves the <propfemale> traveler
this is just between me and you   smashed hat
is not made of tofu
if you hear any noise its just me and my boys
loves muffins  smile 
can't wait to see how it ends
tigger is no longer the smelliest animal in the land
"some of the greater things in life are unseen, that why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream   "
just saw one gnarly skullet
loves <propmale>
giggles at muddy feet
is a sack of potatos
at old chicago for <propmale>'s birthday
loves seeing mullets
would you rather be made out of chocolate or cheese?
which is better: pineapple or mandarin oranges
rocks and birds and trees and things
tigger enjoys the small turkey in life
"\money can't buy life\"""""
all pickles are created equal
may or may not contain filler
futurama tonight! finally!!!
had a good day
"\he enjoys true leisure who has time to improve his soul's estate\"" \",1a7f209f9f3e7edeb33235 laugh 02b99df9,loves surprise visits from an old friend
food for thought: which of your friends would make the best jerky?
really wish i had some strawberries to put on my pancakes   and bacon
has a typewriter  smile 
its all floopty loops and friberty gibit
i love drag queens
nothing like 311's transistor in the morning to put you in a good mood
had fun at the zoo with <propmale>
is officially a certified dog trainer
"\law creates crime\"""""
hazaa for the fall equinox
wish i could just stay in my dreams
damn  it feels good to be a gangsta
"knowledge is power, awareness is truth"
"\they eat potato chips right?\"" \"" probably    they eat garbage\"" hahaha opossums"""
aw <propmale> made dinner   and it was glorious
"when you sleep, where do your fingers go?"
warning the show you are about to see contains a violent reenactment of a prehistoric fight
no one is asking you to smell it
i have satisfied my craving for crab legs and it was good
hey you pumpkins on my porch   you're lumpy and you smell awful
has started the baby scrapbook
i have a mole?
adalaide loves pears
loves her baby's daddy
every time i call a bingo number my soul dies a little
"needed: individuals with beliefs in buddhism, hinduism, islam, christanity, atheist or agnostic, judaism, pagan and any other religion not listed, for an interview"
giant farts make me feel jet powered
"i'll see your 3 doritos, and i'll raise you 2 funions"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
"eat, sleep, fart"
happy winter solstice!
facebook is not a substitute for any kind of friendship
you'll shoot your eye out kid
had a dream i went to a pet store that sold mini armadillos
has nothing to do for new years
i miss my bed
everyone send good energy to little adalaide and keep her cooking
"bleeding has pretty much stopped, heart beat is good and she's moving just fine   keep those good vibes flowin"
"what do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula?"
has just finished crocheting her first potholder booyah
nothing makes a day better than taking a really good poop
adalaide is doing the fffsalad dance
"what a rough morning, thanks mama for getting me a puke bucket"
thanks to everyone who attended the baby shower! it was fun!
apparently all it takes is a good nights sleep to be able to fart again
really wants to go on a snow adventure
is tired of being a fat swollen tick
"so i guess all this bed rest paid off, the placenta moved so now we don't have to have a c-section wooo!"
missing old friends
"had a dream i stole <propmale> <propmale>'s station wagon, after leaving a party at a strip club with <propfirst> deniro and <propfirst> walken"
grape poptarts    as weird as it sounds
happy 311 day!!!!!!! turn up those 311 tunes!- goals for the day: write essay and induce labor so we can have a 311 baby
