58fbb94f17b0c5b867608f97c97c2ece
"i feel a whole lot lighter this year, like something was lifted off of my shoulders  maybe its just all in my head!?!"
i'm so gassy
"i was super mommy today! i cooked, cleaned, did laundry and braided my lil girls hair and this time i didn't get any 2nd degree burns while cooking!"
algebra class is getting tougher  i knew i shoud have taken a nap today  now i can't focus in class  i hope i don't ruin my gpa
yay!!!! i finally got my cable and internet turned back on  woot woot!
"enjoying my lunch break on my bosses computer, hope i dont get caught  n e wayz whats everyones plan for new year's <propfemale>? i need somewhere to go"
happy new year!!! *~*muah*~*  (had to get out my system)
this was one tough year! i am happy and fortunate to see that everyone i know and love make it through and i pray that we all make it through another year  sn: im getting so emotional right now
who got a new years <propfemale> kiss!?!
red
you can easily judge the character of people by how they treat those who can do nothing for them
empty heads have long tongues
the reason people blame things on others is that there is only one other choice
the hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn
its  ladies night tonight! where my bitches at tonight!
just got home from a long weekend in the m i a  had a great time  now i have to catch up on home work and school work
true friends stab you in the front
bored and bloated! lol
"just looked through my high school year book  all i have to say is, oh lawd jesus! lmao"
i need help! i don't know how to make a resume 
headed to the beach!!
what an amazing day with family and friends at the beach!!! the day couldn't have been more perfect 
i logged onto fb to do something but i forgot what i was going to do
"if you want to test a mans character, give him power"
write the bad things that are done to you in sand but the good things that happen to you in  marble
"i have such a bad headache, going to bed"
it's really hard for me to accept the fact that men will just be men so keep it movin 
happy mother's day to all the moms and mothers-to-be!!!!!!!!
"if you don't like something, change it  if you can't change it, change your atittude  don't complain "
"people don't change, they alter "
i like it on the kitchen table
free kittens to a good home!!!!!
i loves music!!!!
ok i think im done with the videos
i'd like to give a shout out to the one thing thats always there to get me out of a bad vibe                          music!!!
"women lie, men lie"
baby showers are great! i won the who can dress the baby the fastest game woot woot!
i'm so bored that i could poke myself in the eye repeatedly  how bored can you get???
i love my daughter soooo much  the things that she says and do surprises me so much  its incredible how much she knows at 2yrs old!
"i just found 2 spoons buried in the sofa while looking for the remote, lol    kids"
happy birthday <propfemale>
it's hard being <propfemale>
"yeah <propmale>!! bronbron and d wade, the heat is made! but i dont know who this <propfirst> person is!?!"
c r e a m  $$$
      dueces       
(singing) he's got   hiiiigh hopes   he's got   hiiigh hopes   he's got hiiigh apple piiie in the skyyyy hopes   
show me the money!
imma dude   he's a dude   she's a dude   we're all dudes yaaa      8-p
ugh   i need a vacation from life
"a woman's life is love, a man's love is life \-lil brother (taken from fatigue's <propfemale>)"
ain't no shame in my game
"its never people that hurt people, its people's e playful ectations that hurt them, but that doesn't mean you have to e playful ect less, it means you just gotta e playful ect people to be people  -lyfe jennings"
"can i get that dro, can i get remy, can i get that coke, can i get that henny         "
"after all is said and done, a lot is more usually said than done  lol "
"good judgement comes from e playful erience, e playful erience comes from bad judgement  true true!"
the person who says it can't be done shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it! lol clever 
what the hec is a kik and can metro users use it?
"wacka flaka is <propfemale> deep and poetic, i lud him!"
ren and stimpy (random thought of the day) lol
everyone has a photographic memory  some just don't have any film  wink        in other words     lol
i need a texty
circle belly (insider) lmao
pray for me     physics final today!
"seriously, the only goal you can achieve without any effort is failure!"
she get it from her momma   
word of the day: pudendum
club vs house party    ?
staying up with my big head to watch the lunar eclipse tonight
feliz navidad!!!!!!
i think i went over the 6 lbs limit i allowed myself to gain this holiday
they got money for war but no money to feed the poor -tupac
seriouly! driving is bad for my health   i know i must get high blood pressure or something
rumor mill: facebook shutting down for good march 14!?!      
changes are good for you       but dollar bills are better! lol
"real friends last forever  it doesn't matter how often you talk, as long as you can pick up where you left off "
finally!!!!  smile 
is anyone watching <propfemale> minaj on snl?
need  more  wine 
don't go knocking on death's door  just ring the <propfemale> and run  he hates that lol
"??????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????\? if you have an amazing sister, put this as your status!! ?\??????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????"
so my daughter decides the only way she'll eat her soup is by dipping her care bear in it and then sucking it off lol
so im on the road at a red light and the ice cream truck guy next to my car just leans out and starts vomiting like crazy!
having feelings or caring about someone is very different from actually loving someone
its amazing how much one can change for the worst when their soul is deprived of what is a large part of it  in turn you lose a large part of who you use to be!
good times last night! sn: mad headache
some people never grow up
i really need to be cheered up right now  sad 
i haven't seen any spiders lately     i wonder what they're planning???
