8d853b301e1694f60b2891299d3081c0
i'm just too tired     surely i can catch up tomorrow! zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is going to have to stay away from this puter    my left eye is killin meeeee!  plus i've ka-zillions of things to do before the 4th!!!!!!!!! sure i'll be back sometime tho   ; smile )
"2nd huge rain storm! keep losing internet, but sheesh     did we ever need rain    nearly 2 months of no rain and 100 degrees each day     ughhh!  my plants and i are both grateful      *smiles*"
"news just in    swine flu he thinks! sheeesh      just what i needed    so please forgive me if i'm erratic     yes i know, i am anyway    lol"
is really happy that the vet said <propmale> is doing better!  yay!!!  and thanks very much for the great comments on my photos!   happy weekend y'all!!! xx
"is really really really happy that the vet said <propmale> is doing better! yay!  and thanks very much for the great comments on my photos!  happy weekend y'all!!!!  and happy labor day, <propfemale>!  and thank heavens it's finally football season!!!!  how could i have left that out??!!  lol  xxxx"
"thank you everybody for the lovely birthday wishes!!!!  how special you make me feel!!! today is a good day!!!!  first day of autumn, even if i have to be a year older   lol"
happiest of birthdays to <propfemale>!!!!  xoxo
happiness is a warm puppy!
"well, i never woulda guessed this!  here's our weather forecast for tonight tomorrow!!! fridec 4 pm snow showers   high 41°  low 24°   precipitation 40% this is the first week of december right? hmmmm!"
hopes all her friends and family have had and are having wonderful holidays!!!  wishing you all a very happy new year too! xxx
"is in total shock and disbelief! been watching the saints for 30 plus years, never thought this would ever happen!!!!  how bout them saints???? laissez <propmale> bon temps rouler!!!!"
"happy <propfirst>'s day, a little late!  and oh yeah, lake tahoe is beaaauuuutiful!!"
wants bubba to come home 
happy easter to y'all! xxx
fb is so so so annoying     today and yesterday    will try tomorrow    maybe!
has no internet    working on getting it back     sorry!
thinking tendonitis is completely overrated!! so disrupting to my clicking    sheesh!
"sending prayers to montgomery county, arkansas   16 dead, more missing due to flash flooding  water <propfemale> 8 feet an hour    so sad "
some say stress is good for a person    i personally wouldn't mind never feeling stressed again ever in my life    so those other folks simply just  need to 'reevaluate'!!!!  baaaaa!
"there comes a time in life when you have to walk away from all the pointless drama and the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be anything but happy  repost if you agree, i just did"
101°f  feels like: 106°  details laugh angerous heat index  outdoor e playful osure should be limited 
"is wondering why i can't just 'pick up' being left handed again    just isn't happening for me   lol  had my appointment with the orthopedic doctor and now i can't use my right arm much at all    to his credit, he warned me    but but but!!!!  ooooh well, hope everybody else is wonderful out there!!!  xxx"
"i was going to answer each and every one of you wonderful friends' messages   but i am so overwhelmed!!!! lol  thank you so very very much from the bottom of my heart    i feel so loved right now    and i thank you for that, means more than i can ever write here      you're the bestest and i love you!!!!   thanks for making my birthday so special! xxxxxxxxxx"
"please put this on your status if you know, are related to or have been affected by someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to know that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for stupidity, and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness  93% won't copy and paste this, mainly because they are sufferers themselves and they don't know how to copy and paste "
"people\are often unreasonable, self-centered: forgive them anyway  if you are \honest, people may cheat you, but be honest anyway  what you spend years\to build, someone could destroy overnight  build anyway  the good you \do today, people will often forget tomorrow  do good anyway  you see, in\the final analysis it is    between you and god; it never was between \you and them anyway "
wishing everyone a wonderful thanksgiving! :~))
you can't have a rainbow without the rain~
"31-23 !!  was a greaaaat game, and the best part,   the good guys won!!!\woooo pig sooie, woooo pig soooie, wooo pig sooie!  razorbackssss!!!"
just wanted to wish my redhead a very happy birthday!  love you <propfirst>! xx
is in hibernation obviously    consider me an official hothouse flower    roll on spring!
