620155906bf5497fa39e45156741310c
joined free cycle  com      when i got up this morning  i had 187 e-mails in my in box  aaargh!
why did the gowns izzy liked; look like a vegas stylist would like them?  and why are they all strapless! don't they know these are being worn by 11 year olds?
making a fall arragement for my aunt
"white gloves , grown up hair , she sees the world without a care      if time could freeze i'd stop right here   just  to linger and ponder the sweetness of my daughter   hope eveyone has fun at cotillion tonight see you there!"
"here is the recipe that everyone loved at girls night out on sunday!hot dream cheese dip  use 3 8-oz pkgs  of softened cream cheese, 1 2 cup of mayonnaise,  2 cups of parmesean shredded cheese,12oz bag of frozen onions    mix, bake in a 400* oven for 20 minutes   yummmm  serve with frito scoops or totilla scoops   enjoy!"
"wishing for the old days when they actually knew your name at the grocery store !, i get tired of rude people who never make eye contact or acknowledge you, you wonder what happened to them to make them this way?"
"\it is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye \""                                                                                                \""the little prince\"""""
just got in from seeing pandorum it's bite your nails crazy! my heart raced  the entire movie  very very suspenseful  loved it!
off to the ghoul scout <propfemale> with two spooky nightmares!
our beloved hamster zipper has passed away- may she rest in peace   she was the best hamster ever she was 2 1 2 years old  we will miss you zipper!
getting ready to go bowling with izzy's class  yikes !
excited about the little rock mamas launch party on saturday
we won our soccer game again today! go screaming eagles oh yeah
if any one of my friends are still searching for a house my friend <propfemale> ferguson is selling hers she lives on greenoak dr 
i have a new cousin her name is presley <propfemale>  ! congratulations to <propfemale> and <propmale> and sutton ang auntv sa
"just found an awsome store last week right on parkhill , its called shop trio has a lot of things you won't find anywhere else"
off to a totally awesome halloween party  zombies rock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had fun at trachelles today  i wanted one of everything! no make that two  
enjoying my vacation from work soooooooo much!
ok rain rain go away come again another day <propfemale> wants to go out and play!
i finally get to go to bed  these projects are killing me
flu shots  for izzy i cry worse than she does
"exhale , relax  conspire for fun activities thank god it's friday !"
this is my favorite silent film <propfemale> <propfemale> bara in the 1913 film titled <propfemale>
"<propfirst>, izzy and i relaxed over lunch with our sweet nephew gaylan whose a freshman at ualr this year lots of fun to catch up with him"
happy thanksgiving to all my friends ! may you all get a seat at your table to share with everyone you love  enjoy your day   thanks be to god from whom all blessings flow  gotta get busy in the kitchen making some turkey day trimmings!
tis the season for <propfemale> making and forgiving of all trespasses   live in the light  banish ignorance and  negativity from your life and good things will follow
cotilion frenzy ! can't wait to see everyone dressed up and pretty tonight !
misspelled cotillion
yea! girl scout cookies on sale today !!!!!!!!! if you would like to know how to get some let me know
"hey everyone! poplar street multi cultural night is monday night wear a costume to win a <propmale> at a prize ! monday night at poplar street from 6-7 we will have dancers, a choir and a jazz routine  etc  many items from around the world  and many different cultures we will have food samples we hope everyone will come!!!!!!"
exhaling now that i 'm through with multi cultural night!
had an awesome time with my dearest friend <propfemale> yeaterday very leisurely its so nice to catch up and have the comfort of true friendship long live <propfemale> and <propfemale> !!!!!
can't wait to zumba with my buds next week !!!!
looking forward to a fun filled trip to hot springs with the destination imagination team   go poplar street!!!
oh please please let it snow and snow and snow no powerloss though!
ok if you and i woke up in jail together what four words would you say to me
woo hoo! snow day !!!!!!!! izzy is elated 
when you are born to stand out why fit in?
let it snow let it snow let it snow !!!! whoo hoo!!!!izzy's sleeping in smile 
no school again!
homemade hamburger soup cornbread and chocolate cake dinner was so much fun to make no hurry no burry
hope everyone has a great <propfirst> weekend !
i am very sorry to my sweet friends who have been baraged with my mafia wars apps had no idea they were showing up on everyones <propfemale> i am only selecting friends that are on my mafia wars family!!! not sure what to do i will start to hit non publish button i guess let me know if thede show up and ypo don't want them i almost always hit the skip buttonm a thousand apologies  to everyone
my cat is wearing a snuggie izzy thought it would make him warmer he seems to like it for now lol!
the quickest way to squelch active volunteering is to make the effort a private club
good night everyone i have to tend to izzys belly ache [)
"ugh been sick for 4 days not sure i\m ready to start a new week   wheres the snow when you need it?"""
can't wait until mardi gras izzy has the cutest mask to wear on friday she found a purple cat mask!
off to birthday fun and to party like a rock <propfemale> yeah uh huh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i was at <propmale> animal shelter yesterday they had some adorable cats- 1  even had a microchip from california but had never been registered  and they couldn't trace it -so everyone please register your animals   when you get their shots so they can be reunited with you should they stray from home  those cats were absolutly heartbroken to be in such a place adopt one or two today!!!!! smile )))))
we have a busy weekend izzy has di competition (a critical thinking and improvisational group) regionals this week end hope they get to go to state and globals!!!!! go creative cats!!!!!
just another monday      everyone have a great  week !
"it's daughter week !!! ? if you have one daughter or more, who makes your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living, copy and paste this to your status"
its lightening!
found a dog today in the middle of jfk- found the owner who had not bothered to put tags on his dog -he couldn't come get it - i had to go to work- when i got home found collar no dog! owner says this is the 3 or 4th time to get out wow what a complete idiot now his dog is on the loose with no collar to boot!    if any one in the parkhill area sees a pale yellow  lab- thats the one  i have the guys # if you see him 
grateful for sirens but they scare me to death izzy and all my cats huddled in the bathtub -when the sirens would sound the cats would go crazy!
relaxing tonight izzy at a party sleepover at her friends   <propfirst>  and i will get to watch some movies and not have to cater to the diva tonight
"very busy weekend soccer, cotillion- another kid party -i'll be lucky if i get to pet my cat won't be around to do much around my house never thought i would miss having enough time to clean my house!"
shortest st paddys day parade tommorrow in hot springs <propmale> <propmale> is the grand <propfirst> !
izzy has super student shindig today i v'e got to be a mom carny for their carnival today !
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  on your marks   get set   go i'm paying attention8 hours ago · comment ·likeunlike
<propfemale> alsup
 smile 
one more day of work for me and then spring break begins izzy is chomping at the bit to get on with the fun!!!
goodnight  all
"\you are never behind jump in where you are \""    the fly lady"""
goin to see diary of a wimpy kid hope its watchable!
i think the arkansas literary festival is this weekend for all you readers out there   lots of authors will be there to sign their books!
i 'm wishing for sunshine so we can go to russellville and win our soccer game!
wish i had not been awake since three o'clock this a:m   now     i'm sleepy this always happens when there is a full <propfemale>  ackk!!!
my <propfemale> is sick we are going to the doctor today 
"izzy is elated,she found a lady ga ga piano book now she's in her room trying to pound out a tune on her keyboard \my my my my poker face\"":?"""
good night everyone sleep well smile 
looking forward to open house tonight
open house was fun some things are different and somethings never change!
i love my husband he can always locate items i have lost !he found my brand new camera i got for mothers day i thought i had lost it at the soccer fields whew!
"went to strawberryfest at argenta market just now had strawberry pork tacos with black bean salsa, strawberry fondue and strawberry lemonade! guess who was providing the music      <propmale> bates!!and he was playing all the good stuff smile  and everyone was having the best time on this beautiful saturday!"
"been to the grocery store (actually three) the last 2hours looking for plain tenderloin finally found it and it was 20 00 a pound!!! i opted for angus sirloin instead at 7 99 a pound they'll never know lol! i'm making tenderloin(steak) sliders with sweet pepper spread blueberry corn salad and roasted baby potatoes,   with watermelon and lime margaritas and pound cake off to cook now everyone enjoy your day smile "
"i love my hubby who will go the grocery store for me , cook the meat and do dishes "
procrastinating      i don't want to get up and make my cat her homemade cat food 
seeing my daughter enjoy her friends tonight warmed my heart 
have a great day today everyone !!
"happy fathers day to my wonderful and funny dad , and to my husband who is the best dad our daughters and our cats could have!"
thankful for  very sweet friends i  had fun with you tonight !
had the best time at  the reunion lots of familiar faces and everyone still had their smiles even if they didn't have waist lines or hair lol!!!!
our friend <propfemale> has lost her dog they live in the indian hills area if you have seen a stray <propfemale> retreiver post it or call me  she answers to <propfemale>
just made a delicious chocolate cake mmmmmm!
really really  really ready for the weekend      
good night all have a great day when you awaken
well our baby cougars lost but it wasn't because they didn't try ! very proud to watch them play
"roasted a chicken  butternut squash , salt cooked potatoes ,purple hull peas, amish corn on the cobb ,corn bread  love feeding my family sunday dinner  now off to watch true blood!with my frans the twinkies"
prayers for <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> welch- their mom passed on sat our thoughts and sympathies are with you
world championship cheesdip competition was fun could have used more to drink they ran out of soda ! i voted for gypsys bistro 's cheesedip and mexico chiquito's ! razorback game on the jumbotron  too lots of fun with friends!!!!
enjoyed lunch with my beautiful daughters today warms my heart that even thought they are 10 yrs apart they still are very close and love each other very much
i hope we win the soccer game today!
fall wreath is up finally !!
making a list of all the haunted things we want to try to get to            
"\hot pattootie bless my soul what ever happened to rock and roll \""     trying to get psyched to see <propmale> horror picture show tonight its been a while but should be fun !"""
trying my hardest to be patient with those who shall remain unamed
happy new year everyone hope to see some of you at the three parties we may attend tonight
thin mints tag-a longs do-si-dos if your interesred in girl scout cookies  in box me my daughter izzy is selling them starting today!
heading to rivermarket for some thai soup from bangkock cafe can't wait love that fragrant spicy awesome flavor! love spending time with my <propfemale>
"thankyou to everyone who sent birthday messages , called and sent me cards i spent the day with my family and had my moms pineapple upsidedown cake it was delicious! love and hugs to everyone!"
"i really don,t like lhater political comments that's what ithe problem with people is these days no positivity just negativity don't be self righteous haters it only makes you look like narrowinded bitter lip ot spoied and discompassionate haters"
