6855d8c6cb2658899c2a11629f8b318f
state champions baby!!!!!
"cant believe some of the things ppl can say  all over one upset, angry, pissed off, confused, sad, lost person  telling everyone lies to try and make herself feel better, but she's just lying to herself  and its no ones fault except your own"
cant wait to get out of haines  october will b fun
6 smile 0am air alert workout    can't wait laugh 
"love it when they tell u to fasten ur seatbelt and prepare for take off   i dont c wat the point it, ur goin down with the plane either way lol  made it to seattle"
"in cannon beach, oregon! freakin amazing!"
im the luckiest guy in the world smile 
"get home tuesday! hav had a long enough vacation, can wait to get back to haines    "
"stuck in the seattle airport  on my way home, should get to haines 7am tomorrow"
ugh 2 an half more hrs of waiting  stuck in juneau airport playful 
"headin to anchorage in the morning! smile  totally stoked! <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> u guys r not goin to b happy campers in the morn lol"
finally home!  smile 
happy <propfemale> made it home  smile 
"wow, fuck today"
can't wait for basketball to start! totally stoked   
"wats up with this winter! it snowed, now its suppose to warm up and rain! at the end of frickin november?!"
haha why would we have a snow day? last time we had one u couldn't even c the school cus of all the snow    only the roof  dont think its goin to snow that much tonight
6am practice tomorrow   cant wait smile 
this was one of the better homecomings we hav had smile 
feel good about my finals today smile  bring on the rest of em!
"ugh! stuck in juneau airport, planes aren't flying     doesn't look good for flying home today"
just wat we need    a frickin winter storm warning! ready to get home
"i'm really going to miss running out to a gym full of roaring fans cheering on the haines glacier bears  i couldn't have asked for a more outstanding team of guys then each and every one i have played along side with these past 4 yrs  its been an e playful erience of a lifetime, but     the season isn't over yet"
go green bay!!!!! in ketch get home tomorrow
haha gotta love basketball trips!
tired as dump    and get to wake up in 3hrs to head home  laugh 
"thought i would've enjoyed this region v more, so far it kinda sucks"
"hopefully heading home tomorrow, the ferry better not be cancelled!"
finally have time to work on college stuff    
jus finished sat's     i think i got more stupider playful 
feelin a little country today   
"loving spring break, getting so much stuff done"
listening to <propfemale> telling a story     somebody should save me
i woke up and thought i was in heaven    
oilgasm
