f6c9f4e60252b96addfa8fdaac1adde9
wish school was over 
i was in court for six #$@! hours today   because of an arrest way back on new year's day   in 2008 
"just watched <propmale>'s ladder   i was a little underwhelmed, thought it was going to be at least a little scary "
"just finished a research paper   in about a month, i will be done with school for the foreseeable future!"
i am now the owner of a titanium spork 
i just got an a on the research paper i was worried about!
done!!!!! with!!!!! school!!!!!!!!
"2010, do me a favor and fuck off out of my kitchen!"
just watched avatar and district 9 (a little overdue on that one)   both of them were pretty damn good 
"when i'm older, i want my friends to kick down my door if they don't hear from me for three days "
"and, where power and riches existed, so did corruption- especially since the lord ruler tended to police his nobility far less than he did the skaa "
"just watched \ink \""  incredible movie """
"if i ever consider bidding the east side again, perhaps one of my friends would be good enough to take me in for a mental eval   eleven months to go    "
bike repairs completed   now if the rest of the lessons go more smoothly    
"good-bye, january!  you sucked like few other months before you "
sometimes being sick is better than being at work!
another day in the tenth circle of hell comes to an end!  only 321* to go!
"just watched dr  horrible's sing-along blog   took me a little while to get into it, but it was actually pretty good!"
needed twice the usual dose of caffeine at work today   daylight savings is no one's friend!
i haven't felt this good for a long time 
is looking forward to not going to work for the next ten days   maybe i can get my head back in the game after taking a break 
"just spent the day tearing out the carpet in <propfirst>'s room   vast improvement, but i think i might not quite have the <propfemale> of \vacationing \"""""
capsaicin is a better cure than medicine 
vodka is better than rum 
"today, a grown man asked me to put him in <propmale> care because he can't move out of his mom's house until god gives him a job \\he better have one bitchin' resume "
i just cleaned <propfirst>'s room with a snow shovel!
"tomorrow is the last day of \camp\"" for the kids   <propfirst> & i are going to try to go see inception while they're out """
<propfirst> has jury duty!
doctor says my mcl is sprained   at least it's getting better 
go see inception   damn good movie 
"<propfirst> just got out of surgery, she needed a pin in her tibia  she's in recovery now, might have to stay overnight "
didn't have to go to court today!
<propfirst> is watching twin peaks   she just bought a dvd of the entire series     i'd forgotten how weird this show is 
"thanks, guys!  it was a pretty damn good day   ridiculously busy, but good "
so this is why my parents yelled at me so much when i was a teenager  i get it now   
"they just sent out the seniority list, but what i really want is the bid schedule so the official countdown can begin!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=qxottvkfk2e
just finished setting up wifi   is this what the 21st century looks like?
"in court today, they wouldn't let me say where i was dispatched to because the judge considered that hearsay "
55
"the bid did not go as planned, not even close  good enough, though "
"apparently, standard 45 lb weight bars are not weightless "
it took about five minutes to get <propfirst>'s license renewed on-line   beats that hour that it took me   
people throwing pee at each other    long day 
witnesses on call: the court's way of screwing up my day without paying me for it 
"finally watched <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world   very funny movie, but i'm not sure that even i was ever geek enough to fully appreciate it "
"goodbye, district two  go to hell!"
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except, a punch in the face  99 99% of people won't re-post this  why? because they probably need a punch in the face!"
"tonight, i'm going to get drunk and read directives!  smile "
should've just got drunk   directives gave me a headache 
"the heater in my car doesn't work very well   whenever it's this cold out, i have to roll the window down when i drive so that the window doesn't fog up   after about 20 minutes, i might be able to roll the window up "
