5159ff75d234cc447bfbae49be1c6655
   the other people's name was macgreggor
   it looks like a meat 
oh look at that - no arm over there   don't you hate it when that happens?
"wants to see ponyo, but wishes they would play it in the original japanese, instead of dubbed english"
"was sort of considering wandering down to the freedom whatever at the tabernacle this evening   but now it's gonna be all soggy, so maybe not "
frickin' terrible ref took away both of byu's goals tonight and called the entire game for the other team   we should have won that game 
and <propmale> miss you   we want you to rejoin the band again 
"and yelyena say to you \shouldn't we have something to eat?\"""""
found out that she is pretty beast at being goalie 
has been watching lost for the past couple days    what is the world coming to?
's harvest <propfemale> cows give birth by immaculate <propfemale> 
thinks we need to make cookies and go caroling while we still have time   friday or wednesday?  input who is coming?
   <propmale> take a <propmale> take-a take-a chan-<propmale> take a <propmale> take a <propmale> take-a take-a chan-<propmale>   
thinks paper dolls and people are a similar shape 
has to go to a mandatory meeting about customer service in sixandahalf hours   sad  but commando was fun   gabe and lars are pretty much my heroes 
rain! thunderstorm! rain!
's momma told her too much <propfemale> gonna rot her soul 
got 92% on her human development test!  yay!!!
is almost finished with commander keen 4   because she's that awesome 
is sick     sad 
just beat commander keen 4   booya 
could while away the hours conversing with the flowers   
learned how to pray in <propmale> today in class   i love byu 
"is sort of trying to write a paper, but can't bring herself to really mean it   "
oh goodness - the sun's up   when did that happen?
"watched 'the 5,000 fingers of dr  t' yesterday   hadn't seen it since i was a kid, but it's still awesome   the evil dr  t hypnotizes bartholomew's mom and plans to force 500 little boys to practce piano 24 hours a day   check it out "
is thankful for all the men and women in the armed forces and wishes them well 
"is cold  why do we have to have winter, anyway?"
has the second movement of beethoven's 7th smyphony stuck in her head   not that she really minds or anything 
"\   willoughby    willoughby    willoughby   \"""""
"wants you to come to adventssingen tonight at 7 smile 0 because how often do you get to hear beautiful <propmale> christmas music? it;s in the provo tabernacle (university and 200 or 300 n) and free, as well   smile "
"sort of prefers washington snow to utah snow, because in washington you can make snowmen with it and here it just gets flaky underfoot "
"'s encounters with the space-cold that is provo, utah (16 degrees this very minute) are turning her into <propfirst> bowie "
"has been trying out the fan-made commander keen 7 and so far has found it not half bad   i do keep dying, though   "
"cried a single dragon tear that turned into a jellybean all the colors of the rainbow, and now she isn't racist anymore "
"wishes you could see the awesome nativity scene she assembled on the dining room table   she saw a baby doll and a cow-shaped pillow and just went from there, though a couple snowman decorations had to be wrapped in robes as stand-ins for <propfirst> and <propfirst>   her mother was impressed "
has a new haircut  laugh      do we have a camera?       hmm 
january? who said it could be 2011?
is sad when commander keen dies 
might kinda dig being a pirate   aside from the fact that i'd be on a little boat with a bunch of scurvy-ridden unwashed outlaws   and probably no other women   and rats   and bad food   hmm 
is waiting for the zombie apocalypse 
"just succeeded in making the strangest-looking chocolate cupcakes ever   seriously, they look like aliens made them "
thinks denmark is a prison 
likes the summer olympics better than the winter olympics 
wonders what petrov is eating  (it looks like a meat   )
"likes that at least 8 other people are still on facebook, but she is going to bed "
gets up early and stays up late   now all she needs is a (relatively) short skirt and a loooooooooooong jacket 
"just got 100% on her stats exam!!!  (excluding, of course, the 15 points from the written portion which are as yet ungraded) "
is happy that it rained tonight because rain is awesome 
wonders if she could make all her hair stand up if she applied enough gel   
"isn't tired today like she e playful ected to be, but her stupid alarm didn't go off this morning either, so she missed her first 3 classes     sad "
doesn't know where she's living next fall   
is highly illogical 
makes first class baked goods 
wants pizza 
has snowflakes on her nose and eyelashes 
is puzzled by the fact that seattle is only about 110 <propmale> (less than 2 hours) farther from provo than san <propfirst> is   it seems like seattle should be farther away   must be the stretch effect of flattening the map?
would really love to be not sick 
"and <propfemale> frary are absconding to the alps where we intend to live as gypsies   gentelmen, feel free to come along "
"wants to go to sleep, but is going to write about the summer she was 12 instead   auf deutsch, natürlich "
is bored bored bored 
is so indecisive   curse my middlechildness!
thinks it's a gorgeous day 
knows that heffalumps and woozles are very confuzles 
gave blood today because she is that cool 
got a census today and bets you did too!  you should fill yours out!  laugh 
has a sudden <propfemale> to watch the long pride and prejudice   why is that?
"likes life, life likes me, life and i fairly fully agree "
is currently making the best pinewood derby car in the world   with a pocket knife and fingernail polish   laugh 
is cleeeeeeeeaan!  so happy!  but the festival of colors was awesome!
"hmm    it's april fool's, but i can't think of anything to april fools anyone about "
feels like it's time to watch a very potter musical again 
forgot her phone at home today and won't be able to get it until after 4     sad 
likes the rain 
hat hunger 
is almost certainly staying up all night   because she is really cool like that 
gave a mouse a cookie 
wonders if your chewing gum loses its flavor on the bedpost overnight 
has an exactlywatt on a chain 
"feels a bit like she just crawled out of a pond   though on the brighter side, the rain smelled absolutely lovely "
has discovered that commander keen 4 on hard really is hard 
wants to thank public broadcasting and viewers like you for making this semster possible (and amazing!)
got a haircut   just waiting for it to look normal again  
finished reading the road   interesting book 
wonders if it's weird to be excited for the world cup   in <propfemale>   over a month before it starts   
"made dinner tonight and it was a bit of a soupy mess, but to be fair it was a last minute change of plans with my mom giving me a crash-course recipe over the phone   at least it tasted okay "
"is digging the windstorm, but it would be better if it wasn't <propfemale>   <propfemale> windstorms are okay, i guess, but rainy windstorms are cool and intense "
finally finished painting her room this afternoon! yaaaaaayyyy!  it's so awesome   it'll be even better when i've put my bed back and i can actually sleep in there again   laugh 
is going to see iron man 2 tonight   laugh 
loves her mother  laugh    happy mothers' day!
"likes the lovely washington spring day: it's light out, but overcast, it's cool, but not cold, and it could rain at any moment, but it hasn't yet   laugh  perfect "
"thouroughly enjoyed <propfirst> hood, despite the fact that from any kind of historical standpoint it seems to have taken place in an alternate universe (just like <propfemale> trek  smile  )   also, some of the things that happened were a little bit silly   good movie, though "
"pray tell me, does it matter that on your first dui your license is suspended for a 90 days and not a year, or that you are supposed to switch off your brights when 500 feet from an approaching vehicle and not 300?  i didn't think so    playful "
likes singing hyms in <propmale> with her brother  laugh 
wonders if it will rain like this all summer    and the verdict is it probably will 
would go to the aquarium if it didn't cost $17 to get in 
"wants you to stop, hey what's that sound - everybody look what's going down   "
really enjoyed the choir concert  {her brothers are the best  smile  }
is always losing things   currently her phone and two games of backgammon   
wonders why people love waffles when pancakes are so much better   waffles are difficult 
"hears thunder, but where's the lightning?"
nobody should ever attempt origami at 1 in the morning   it's basically the most frustrating thing ever   i don't know what possessed me 
likes it when you get perfectly cozy and you start falling asleep and you knooooow that you have to get up and do things like change into pajamas but you really don't want to   
got a job!!!!!!!!! finally!  i am sooooo happy 
"is digging the hot july weather and the sun and blue skies   oh wait, i'm in washington   we don't get that   \\hope it doesn't rain on the fourth   laugh "
really likes fireworks   and the way they sound   and the way they smell   and the way they e playful lode   especially the way they e playful lode   laugh 
got such a sunburn at the celtic festival in mount <propfirst>   but it was soooo awesome  laugh  
"absolutely for sure does not have tuberculosis   the people at work stuck me in the arm and tested for it twice, and it turns out i really really 105% do not have the disease   good to know "
is right about to see inception   should be awesome 
got another sunburn   i guess i don't learn from my mistakes   laugh 
requires pancakes 
ist hier 
almost killed a mole today 
is leaving for provo the monday after next 
sang bohemian rhapsody out the window at her brother tonight   hope i didn't wake the neighbors   
"finds that getting a driver's license is rather like having a birthday - it's nice and it's a change and all, but it doesn't feel all that different   "
goodbye everyone in washington!  i'll miss you until i see you again 
"is alive, in provo, and has internet again   laugh  life is good "
is probably ridiculously awesome 
saw the sorcerer's apprentice last night  liked it 
"made a bizzare, rather carroty pizza   it wasn't quite horrible, though, so she can't in good conscience give it up as a bad job   it will have to be eaten "
cried a single dragon tear which turned into a jellybean all the colors of the rainbow!  and suddenly she wasn't racist anymore 
is journeying to delicious and beyond 
"counted and yes, we have seven frying pans in our cupboard   and that doesn't even include mine, which is packed up in my closet "
is in the middle of an oh-my-goodness-amazing storm   smile 
loves thunderstorms 
found the byu spectacular spectacular 
*gasp* we won!!!
feels <propfemale> in the middle of the night   isn't that nice?  i think it is 
"ist ohne mitbewohnerinnen   eine ging nach hause, eine arbeitet, und eine ist mit ihrer mutter einkaufen "
feels like posting something cryptic and then not e playful laining it 
"carved an excellent pumpkin tonight, but it isn't even in the same league as the chewbacca which certain other members of her fhe group made   that one was fantastic "
"went and saw jigu! thunder drums of <propfemale>, which was amazing   then came out and it was ohmygoodness snowing really hard   but it's melting now "
"sooo everyone, my brother has a show tonight at the velour down on university avenue   it starts at 8 and costs $6   there will be a couple other performers, but obviously he will be the best part   so if you're not doing anything tonight and you want to hear some awesome music, then come   don't think about it, just do it   laugh "
went to blockbuster and couldn't find a single halloween-y movie!  (meaning of course that they didn't have arsenic and old lace or young frankenstein   )
"oh yeah - happy late halloween, folks   go eat some <propfemale> "
is hungry and her food is not going to thaw out before she has to go to class   annoyed \  lame 
is watching the i voted ticker climb by the thousands   i wonder how many people actually voted and how many just wanted to click the button 
"'s roommate is on her account  despite trying to think of something embarrassing or funny to do, my mind is blank  darn "
forgot it was daylight savings     sad 
"supposes it's alright that it's snowing now, it being november and all "
is watching a very potter musical   so amazing 
misses washington  annoyed 
sun it rises   
"was beginning to seriously doubt the existence of the blizzard, but then the wind picked up   a lot   we'll see "
can't get into elevators without thinking of inception 
i totally just scared my roommate   day got awesomer by a factor of 3 
"ohmygoodness folks, we have a christmas tree and it is fantastic "
"ok people, shocking and amazing:  i have a plane ticket for christmas   anyone who i asked for a ride, never mind   smile "
"oh cleaning check, you are not my friend "
"one down, four to go "
"make that 2 down, 3 to go  smile  and i totally got an a on the latest one "
one more   just one   cross your fingers for me 
"done  for better or worse, my finals are over now   nothing left but to wait for the grades "
"btw i'm back in marysville now, folks   laugh "
totally just got a haircut   looks pretty awesome   smile 
"so totally ready for christmas   finished the last of the shopping yesterday, wrapped it all this morning      now what?"
christmas <propfemale>  laugh 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone   it's almost over, but make the last hour or two <propfemale>  laugh  "
"is going on a wiki-walk and learning about potatoes and tomatoes   did you know that they're both members of the nightshade family, and that potato plants also produce poisonous fruits?  fascinating "
is there life on mars?
"so i decided to make some calzones, because what else does one do at nine-thirty-ish at night?  but the only meat i had was salame and bratwurst   so i put them both in   only time will tell if that was a horrible idea or not "
"fire on the mountain - run boys, run!"
"the sun was shining on the sea, shining with all his might"
i'm not a large water-dwelling mammal   where did you get the preposterous hypothesis?  did <propmale> tell you that perchance?  <propmale>   
"a pinch, a glug, half a handful, a dash, to taste   i know there are more good vague cooking terms, but somehow i can't think of them   got any?"
"though counting in the usual way yes, 21 i've been alive "
"what causes bieber fever, and what are the symptoms?  is there an inoculation or a cure?"
"what if i ran away and joined the peace corps?  wait, better question: how does one actually do that?"
i wish i had bacon 
"minji is doing homework and <propfemale> is who-knows-where, so i am now inviting one or two people to come over and help me put a third coat on the unicorn piñata (more than that would just get messy)   i might even give you a couple lemon cupcakes with raspberries in them as payment \\this would be starting when i get back to my apt, say roughly 4 smile 0   this means you "
i decided this morning that if i don't do my homework on time the terrorists win   and i don't want the terrorists to win 
byu won  laugh  we won we won we won 
i love my roommates so so so much! &hearts;
"i got up and went to class today even though i was tired, and only the <propfemale> was there because there wasn't any class today   and i'm pretty sure he announced it in class   sad "
"ohmygoodness jimmer fredette is completely epic   and the rest of the byu basketball team too, of course   it takes a team to win   but dang, jimmer "
strongsad is sad because the san <propmale> team is populated by monsters and they destroyed byu 
" sad  it was a sad day for the cougars   stupid tall, energetic gators   they beat up jimmer fredette   and they won "
"but um   i still don't understand rugby   i went to a game (well, 2 really) and i liked it, and i paid attention and everything, but some of the rules still elude me   and i've no clue what the various positions are   they apparently have something to do with their <propfirst>, though?  otherwise why would one of the guys have changed jerseys between games?"
"well i guess it wouldn't be conference without snow, would it?"
