e9eea9d3ed97dd723d99681445bca80e
wishes every one good fortune for 2010!
"sweet 16 part 2, spa day today "
a long weekend and lots of sunshine   that's what i'm talking about 
i am going to the spa   
is trying to decide when to do the next karate belt test   
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph into your own status update and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you   "
everyone always tells you to gage your job by how much you enjoy the environment you work in   i am screwed 
"enjoying the long weekend, doing some much needed nothing!   smile "
starting our belt test tomorrow   this is the third karate belt for us and the kids    wink 
"loved the weather today, i wish it could be that nice every day!"
my second baby is 18 today 
headed to the gym to let go of some stress!
its cold!!!  there's just something about living in a state that gets so cold the weather guy doesn't have a color for it on his map that i don't love   
bronchitis ugh
finally i am starting to feel better 
"working weekends is never fun, but at least its over for now "
off to watch scrubs!
it's going to be cold today!
at least when its cold like today a good warm meal is appreciated 
i am seriously enjoying not being at work!  smile 
i am officially on vacation!  woohoo!!!
"if i get any lazier, i think i will stop moving    smile   isn't vacation great?"
"somehow i got roped into making 7 pies!!!  good thing i like to bake!   smile   hey <propfemale>, you should come help me!"
getting ready to go back to work tomorrow 
its so cold   brrr!
christmas cookies   yum!
gets to do a few of my favorite things!
"ok, i have to pass this on from a friend      this made me laugh!! call the nestle crunch hot line at 1-800-295-0051  when you are asked if you want to continue in english or spanish, just wait quietly for about 10 seconds & you will smile  keep listening   press 4 & listen to the options     (if you comment    on this after listening, please don't give away the surprise)"
is sooo blessed and ready to spread some christmas cheer and hope for a great new year!
had a really nice time at our company christmas party last night!
"i really wish i had something clever to say   hmm, instead i hope you are all well and having the time of your lives!"
"new year, new profile   why not "
all work and no play makes <propfemale> a dull girl 
going to barstow in march   
today was fabulous!  smile 
"i miss friend time, but i did have fun with my girls this weekend "
"i have not missed the snow the last few weeks, but it is january "
my toes are done   sleepy sleepy time    smile 
"i used to think i didn't understand men <insert not surprised look>, but now i am starting to think its people in general    <insert growl here>"
is really glad its friday and i am done with work!  time to have some fun!!!
i was really hoping duff would win iron chef <propfemale> 
i am soooo glad it is friday   all my girls are home and looking to goof off together   these are always good weekends    love 
anxious for vacation!  i want to go go go!!   smile 
what a great day to not have to be at work on time    smile 
3 days   only 3 more days   
"6\ of snow in two hours   this is why people don't come to colorado for spring break!!!"""
one more day   i so can't wait to go on vacation  smile 
packing   packing   packing   smiling   packing   
so good to see everyone   boy am i tired    smile 
having soooo much fun!!  the birthday party was great!!
getting in the hot tub  smile 
what a nice visit!
so here we are planning a whole day at the grand canyon   the forcast is 40 degrees with snow and wind    sad   boo grand canyon!!!
finally home after a long and very fun trip 
happy easter everyone!!
i got a new job!!! woohoo!!!
if you are going to tell everyone that you are following god you should really make sure that you aren't acting like an absolute jerk to the very people who care about you   that is not how god leads or behaves!
enjoying the sunshine!!
we have spent all weekend outside   it has been <propfemale> and beautiful   a much needed spring weekend!!!
spent all day shopping with my girl  i am exhausted but it was great to spend the time with her!
do you ever just wake up and realize how much you hate your life?
"ahhhh, the last day that i will be my job long enough to actually do anything   i am glad this time is almost done   new job on monday yippee!!"
enjoyed avatar last night 
my life would suck without you
all of the prom girls are soooo beautiful tonight!  so glad i got to see them all!!
"please don't call me during the day, i won't talk about this at work   your prayers are appreciated "
"thank you all so much for your prayers   though i cannot share details at this time, i can tell you that your prayers have held us up through the darkest storm of our life ever  the blessings that are happening are unimaginable!  great is our god!!!  we have a long road ahead, but it is indeed a blessed one   god is with us    love "
"just found out that a lot of my personal info is on this new website spokeo com  if you want to be creeped out - go look up your name and see how much of your personal info is available on this site  you can remove your listing - find yourself, go to privacy and follow the instructions "
"he is with me, he leads and guides me   he comforts me   i have walked the valley - you are not alone   love "
is duck sitting <propfemale> and danger 
"getting ready for graduation, making cake, cleaning, visiting with family   i'm really looking forward to the long weekend too "
"<propfemale>'s graduation cakes came out really cute, she really likes them   and they smell wonderful   all that chocolate   yum!!"
my baby graduated on saturday and got a job today   so proud!!!
90 degrees for the 3rd day in a row   lovin it!
finally a weekend that i'm not working 
seeing the specialist for <propfemale>'s knee at 2 smile 0   they have already mentioned surgery   sad 
"swelling is going down and she if finally feeling better   more tests, mri in a few days "
"i can see <propfemale>'s kneecap!!  it's the simple things in life sometimes   it's turning green though, like pickles   "
haha leaving barstow is on hbo
"is taking <propfemale> to her mri   and she is \walking\"" """
"don't waste your time on me, you're already the voice inside my head   "
is so thankful for so many good friends and their kind words   you are awesome and mean so much to us!!!
they say what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger   but sometimes that strength comes after a little something inside dies 
swimming in the pool then grilling brats with family   life is good   smile 
this has been a very nice weekend   smile 
three beautiful summer days to spend doing the things i enjoy   it's like a mini vacation 
i haven't taken the day off for my bearthday in a long time   its nice to remember how to relax and enjoy being alive    love 
"thank you everyone, my birthday was great!   smile "
things that really piss me off: people who butt in and act like they know everything about you when they really have no clue at all   stop pretending like you know what's best for anyone when you don't!
it was good to see my happy family today   love you!
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live    repost this if you are lucky enough to have atleast one friend like this       "
happy august already   can you believe it?
draining days and sleepless nights
ready for a long weekend 
had a good time hiking with my hubby and my dog   smile 
young love   watching the kids trying to get their sims to fall for eachother   sweet memories of things me and <propmale> used to do!  smile 
"<propfirst> 5:8   \8 you also, be patient  establish your hearts, for the coming of the lord is at hand  #bible http annoyed  j mp 98vvig"
"<propfirst> 22 smile 7-39   \37 and he said to him, you shall love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind  38 this is the great and first commandment  39 and a second is like it: you shall love your neighbor as yourself  #bible http annoyed  j mp cx88nn"
"mmmmmm     spoonbenders\     "
"colorado state fair, what a beautiful day!"
"stop blaming others for where you are in life, its the trait of a successful person to just work through it "
sometimes all it takes to narrow the distance between two people is compassion 
"<propfirst> 6 smile 5   \35 jesus said to them, i am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst  #bible http annoyed  j mp ciw08y"
"annie: we went on a metropolitan hike today \love her!"
you did what with who for how many cookes???
has a headache  sad 
hmmmm    cake for <propfemale>'s birthday   
"philippians 4:8   \8 finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things  #bible http annoyed  j mp cqvvbl"
"broken i run to you, for your arms are open wide, i am weary but i know your touch\restores my life, so i wait for you"
god's grace and direction are so refreshing 
ahhhh   friday   smile   have a great day everyone!
i am so amazed at how other people see the world  you should stop talking when you don't know what you are talking about!
what you think paves the way for what you do and what ultimately happens in your life   you can change your <propfemale> just by changing your mind 
spent the day at <propmale>'s jujitsu tournament   good job <propmale>!
great time at dinner tonight!
done with work and finally ready to relax   ahhhhh    smile 
what was the last thing someone did for you that really touched your heart?
"galatians 6:1   \6:1 brothers, if anyone is caught in any transgression, you who are spiritual should restore him in a spirit of gentleness  keep watch on yourself, lest you too be tempted  #bible http annoyed  j mp cb3akq"
"1 corinthians 13:7-8   \7 love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things  \8 love never ends  as for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away  #bible http annoyed  j mp dearta"
"1 corinthians 13:7-8   \7 love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things  \8 love never ends  as for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away  #bible http annoyed  j mp dearta"
the way to have a friend is to be one 
fridays are best when you don't have to work the weekend 
"1 corinthians 2:9   \9 but, as it is written,\what no eye has seen, nor ear heard,nor the heart of man imagined,what god has prepared for those who love him        #bible http annoyed  j mp byqk84"
baked potato soup at panera bread   mmmmmm
"77 degrees, beautiful day to spend tooling around town with my sweetheart "
and back to the gym   
"•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•?? •*¨*•? put this on your status if\you have the most beautiful daughter in the world •*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*\• ¸¸¸ •*¨*·"
it is not too early to have christmas spirit!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"2 corinthians 5:17   \17 therefore, if anyone is in christ, he is a new creation  the old has passed away; behold, the new has come  #bible http annoyed  j mp bnbrhi"
"shopping with my family, we had a great time and it really wasn't even all that busy   great day!!"
"o christmas tree, o christmas tree, today we will find thee      smile "
"i need to replace a window in my living room, anyone have some advice?"
"facebook, i really do not like what you have done to my profile   i can't see anything and my screen scrolls forever   please fix it!"
have a fantastic friday everyone!
few things feel better than starting a long vacation   
had a good time watching <propmale> potter last night and eating sushi    wink 
"a day that started horrible and ended fantastic   i'm not big on roller coaster days, but if i had to pick, this is the way i would prefer "
happy christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! while we all open gifts this morning i hope we remember the greatest gift of all!
surprisingly green chili pizza is really not bad   
dinner for schmucks - really funny
"proverbs 14 smile 0   \30 a tranquil heart gives life to the flesh,but envy makes the bones rot  #bible http annoyed  j mp dz7r7z"
<propfemale> gets a new acl today!
surgery went well and we are finally home  only the acl needed repair  she is in a lot of pain but glad to be home 
beautiful day to just be outside with people i love 
"try as i might to be a better person, all i do is fail "
"when you feel really depressed, i just want you to remember this:  your dog is house trained    sad "
winter winter go away!
hold on to your hat toto!  i don't want to go to kansas!!
do any of us really know everybody on our friends list? here is a task for you   i want everyone on my fb friend list to comment on this and tell how we met   then copy and paste this on your status if your ready to get rid of the strangers 
omg she is getting soooo big!!!
we're  dancin like we're dumb dumb du-du-dumb
"for those of you who don't know, my step dad has been fighting cancer, now the doctors give him 3-6 months  to those who pray, please d0  they have been married almost 20 years and both are 70 years old   not only are we praying for his recovery, but also for my mom to be strong and that god will comfort them both   god knows their needs before they do and has been with them all along   thank you "
"<propfirst> 6 smile 5   \35 jesus said to them, i am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst "
so i did it   i broke down and read twilight 
"exodus 14:14   \14 the lord will fight for you, and you have only to be silent "
if you ever loved somebody put your hands up   
papa johns   new moon   good way to end a really good week   wink 
"psalm 27:14   \14 wait for the lord;be strong, and let your heart take courage;wait for the lord!"
why am i awake right now? arg!!!!!!
"while i don't like going to weddings, it is nice to see some good friends!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while you humiliate, offend, and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence & mental abuse"
now i remember why i gave up reading non-technical books   
i'm gonna give all my secrets away
<propfirst>! come back!   smile 
sooooooo cold!
when the night has come and the land is dark and the <propfemale> is the only light we see   
on to eclipse   definitely team edward   all - the - way 
"if its 30 below outside, there is a 100 degree difference between inside and outside   remind me again why i would go outside???  weatherman says this is the coldest air we have had in 14 years "
crushed
the only way to get to a new beginning is to have an ending 
"<propfirst> 6 smile 5   \35 jesus said to them, i am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst "
"the wind is back, the snow is falling and so are the temps   why couldn't this have been here for christmas instead???"
look at the stars and how they shine for you
"yippee! it's my song!  \jennie don't change your number 8675309\"""""
i hear that the school districts are already looking to call a snow day tomorrow   guess that means we won't get a blizzard after all   
need   motivation   
i was told yesterday that i am like a modern day <propfirst> of ark   is that a bad thing?
"when did \bucketize\""become proper english?"""
some things can only be cured with bubbles   
i'm not crazy i'm just a little unwell
your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul
so   if i really liked the twilight series   what else will i like?
heard a jazz rendition of amazing grace   that was cool!
"romans 13:10   \10 love does no wrong to a neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law "
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, well that's alright because i like the way it hurts "
"for those who have been praying for my step-dad in hospice, thank you!  he is walking, driving, and acting like himself   i am always so excited to see him being a miracle and a testimony to all of us   he insists on staying here on this earth and i for one and glad!"
tonight i'll dream in my bed while silly thoughts run through my head   
mmmm   watermelon jolly ranchers
thanks facebook for deciding that i didn't want to see everyone's posts!  at the bottom of the news feed check edit options   the default setting is to see only the friends you interact with and not everyone!
"<propfirst> 5:24   \24 truly, truly, i say to you, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life  he does not come into judgment, but has passed from death to life "
everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved
i love the ginormous shining <propfemale> on the pastel horizon  so pretty!
we saw an accident happen on the way home   horrible!
"dear  mag, i hate you  please do not put out anymore games "
don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head
jesus got to smile today when he saw my step dad's face 
"philippians 4:13   \13 i can do all things through him who strengthens me "
when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while 
"i just ran, i ran so far away"
working saturdays sucks
don't be a drag just be a <propfemale> 
i was ok   now i want to be ok-er
leaving for ca thursday morning eaaaaarrrrly   or wednesday after work   
arizona has such beautiful sunsets 
oh socal   why do i love you so?
i feel like my family just trippled in size   and its good!
"dear friends at home, it is 60 degrees and <propfemale> here   i'll enjoy it for you   smile "
saw the new <propmale> <propmale> movie   it was cute 
the worst part about leaving colorado is coming back 
ahhhh    82 degrees  laugh 
"philippians 2 smile    \3 do nothing from rivalry or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves "
"solitude is necessary for intimacy and is where the lord heals our wounds  jesus said don't worry about tomm, we'll take care of that when it arrives  a prayerless life is the documentation of our pride and indication of our arrogance & independence  thinking, worrying and talking about our problems is not prayer  stay long enough in his presence to be broken, healed and renewed  james4:8\~pastor <propfirst> cowart"
"<propfirst> 6:14-15   \14 for if you forgive others their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you, 15 but if you do not forgive others their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses "
all women are angels     and when someone breaks our wings - we simply continue to fly     on a broomstick     we are flexible like that     keep posting this girls  smile 
"2 corinthians 5:17   \17 therefore, if anyone is in christ, he is a new creation  the old has passed away; behold, the new has come "
"proverbs 18:24   \24 a man of many companions may come to ruin,but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother "
