f14c51029314b297144405e69c90c521
climbing again today hellz yes  smile 
so tired of things being like this    i want my life back  i miss you 
dentist  then babysitting 
noooo sleep  again  but i'm goin to work the haunt  love 
taking a break  i is tired
i think i'm gonna go climbing today  
dont even get me started  
back to work i go  painting masks
"just another day to push through, another mountain to climb, and countless moments spent over the thought of how much i do miss you  "
hates feeling like this   when is it going to stop? i'm still waiting   
all i wanted was a family  
going to take the dogs to the dog park 
"babysitting, hangin out with <propfirst>, then workin making more masks  so little time  "
grrr    i wanna go climbing but i cant  sad 
haunt  kati's wedding!
 smile 
babysitting and working at the haunt today
classes start today  whos ready? nooooot meeee
babysitting then its back to the haunt  smile 
kids = amazing  opening night at the terrorfest!! come to terrorfest   so i can scare the shit out of you  smile  kthanksbye!
class today  woot?  troubled 
xbox keeps me company  smile 
another day of class *yawn*  troubled 
come to the terrorfest!! tonight! doors open at 7 smile 0pm!!
"about to go get some more supplies for tonight, then heading to the haunt  come to terrorfest!!"
time for school  sad  but i is sleepy   nooooooos
kickin it with some children (aka babysitting) then going to make people poop their pants at the terrorfest mwahahahaha!!!
"thanks for all the happy birthdays everyone, i love you guys  smile "
chuckie cheese with tab and <propmale>  love 
screw sleep   class today 
stupid rain  i hate you 
the terrorfest then trauma! be there!!
"last weekend for terrorfest  dont be a fucking pussy, come check it out! www theterrorfest com"
tonight is the last night of terrorfest  sad  that makes me sad  
babysitting little <propmale> today!
modern warfare 2 is the shit 
i want to get another tattoo   
anyone wanna make me smile? please?
gonna make some eggs and toast mmmmhm
bought haunting in connetticut and i love you man on sale today whooo!!
errr i dont have a resume  but i need one  dammit 
 annoyed 
"sleep, those little slices of death, oh how i loathe them  "
going to babysit little <propmale>
work 5-11
silent hill  *dramatic music* i need to finish what i started
my car  sad 
working at (yes hot topic) 5-11 tonight come see me!  smile 
work until 5 then babysitting until like 2am
 sad 
watching <propfemale> haha
working 4 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 woot woot
going out with the scioto girls haha it's been way too long
freeeeeeezing
going climbing today whooooo
working today 10-5
"got up all early thinking i worked at 10   but no, got there and discovered i dont work until 5  pretty sweet start to my day"
where to look for a second job     hmmmm  
going climbing today  love 
"the past few times i've been supposed to climb hasnt happened, hopefully today it will work out "
"<propfemale>'s birthday party tonight, woot woot parrrtaaayy"
film making with <propfirst>!  laugh 
bought paints for my air brush gun today
"recollect me darling raise me to your lips,two undernourished egos four rotating hips hold on to me tightly i'm a sliding scale, can't endure then you can't inhale clearly out of body e playful erience interferes, and dreams of flying i fit nearly, surrounds me though i get lonely"
"kichorror is beginning the process of creating a short zombie film  i need 3 female and 2 male serious actors, and about a dozen or more zombies  if you are interested in being apart of it or just helping out in some way, let me know  smile "
the supernatural only comes natural 
someday  maybe  if i am lucky  
spending time with booboo  love 
feels like crizap  troubled 
sick sick sick  sad 
"sooo i went to the doctor today, i have strep throat  sad "
what am i supposed to do all day?  troubled 
sleep   those little slices of death   oh how i loathe them  
"still getting over strep throat, i don't think i'm contagious anymore? fever went away"
umm yeah it can stop snowing anytime now    troubled  so not loving it
"law abiding citizen is a great movie, fyi"
climbing tore my hands up tonight! still   thinking about going back tomorrow  
xbox now 
working 1 surprise 0 - 7 surprise 0 come holla at ya giiirrrl
"it's 3 surprise 0am, i must be lonely"
1 surprise 5 in the morning   facebook is fucking up   who the hell am i supposed to talk to?
job interview this morning!  laugh 
climbing again tonight
got the job at step by step academy!! whooo!!
i has no one to climb with me  troubled 
can't sleep  don't want to sleep  no one to keep me company   
why is pogo so addicting??
waiting to go work on my mask sculpture  need   vehicle!  troubled 
really liking the weather   i feel like i need to be outside  
my brother got a ps3 and gave the xbox360 to me with all the games hahaha hells yes  smile 
sooooo irritated! my car was supposed to be out of the shop by now  troubled 
my car has been returned to me  smile 
babysitting the helders this afternoon  smile 
hope it stays this nice out  
i'm tired but i can't fall asleep  troubled 
second day of training is over  babysitting the myers tonight
hot topic 5 to close 
"going to climb, then doin a shoot for ms  <propfirst> stafford"
work then climbing  smile 
babysitting the myers and the turners tonight  woot woot 
myyy baaaacck hurrrtss  sad 
wendesday = climbing
exhausted 
ahhhh it's so nice out today!!
today = evolved and rock climbing
sweatin tonight @ axis  smile  if you like the the faint you should probably be there 
working on the haunt fell through today   now what  troubled 
the haunt and hot topic today  smile 
work work work
"the new nightmare on elm street is out today    i wish they would have just left this series alone   however, i feel like i still have to see it "
happy birthday bri!! i love you man thanks for being there for me on everything   
monday = monster work
"climbing today, yes "
rough day at work  milkshake please 
work is finally over  monster time! > smile 
climbing this evening  laugh  yessssss   it's going to feel amazing 
<propfemale> and jd are getting married today!! ahhhh!!!  laugh 
zombie walk is in 3 three days!!! who is excited??? i am!  laugh 
zombie walk!!!!!!!!!!!! be there and bring canned goods!  smile 
don't let em take the fight outta you 
ugh monday's  what a day
my whole body hurtsssss
finally friiiddddayyy omg
world cup!
monster mondays  smile 
not loving all this humidity 
it's almost friday   it's almost friday  
happy 2ed birthday <propmale>!! i love you booboo  
it's almost friday  it's almost friday  
climbing = yessss
babysitting my little <propfemale> loo  smile 
relaxing  pool side is totally goingto happen  then to <propfemale>'s lovly get away
vacation is over  sad  i don't wanna go back to work tomorrow   i need about another week
"climbing felt really good today, i needed that "
tattoo today at 3  smile 
evolved lost power  sad  tattoo moved to tomorrow after work
lookin forward to gettin my tattoo
i wish i could fly like superman    it's not fair    sad 
car needs the shop  again  schweet  
didn't you hear?? i'm superman 
hangin with briden  smile 
work was   rediculous 
in <propmale> with megs  smile 
missing a certain little boy
<propmale> evans  smile 
i finally got an ipod  laugh 
tgif!
if you are interested in becoming a creature of the night and getting $$$ to scare people; come to the terrorfest haunted house in the brewery district next saturday between 9 and 6 for our open house for actors  message me with your questions 
i wish tomorrow wasn't monday i'm not done relaxing yet 
at the haunt  smile  hell yes 
been sick all weekend  annoyed  good thing ms  <propfemale> has taken such god care of me
working on monster props and watching swamp thing  smile 
i'm on to the next one   on to the next    jaws 2  bun-um   bun-um   bum bum bum bum bum!!!!! swim bitch!! go!!
i can't wait for this cold to be gone 
just made everyone my bitch in call of duty hahaha  love 
oh yeah  it's friday  smile 
the haunt is looking fantastic  now it's time to go to hot topic  wheee
enjoying the weather  smile  not really looking forward to working tomorrow   
man vs  food  love 
tonight was opening night for the terrorfest  smile  it's gonna be a great season
watching tank girl  smile 
gotta love monday's  especially the rainy ones  troubled 
come to terrorfest tonight 7 smile 0 to midnight
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!  smile  now come to the terrorfest tonight and celebrate by letting me and my fellow menions scare you to death mwahahahahaha!!!!!
dinner with the family  go away migrane! you are not welcome  troubled 
wow  what a night   
come to the terrorfest haunted house tonight!!! www theterrorfest com
climbing = happy
come to the terrorfest haunted house tonight!!! then trauma!! it's going to be a looooong night friends 
come to the terrorfest's last night of the haunt season     sad  as sad as that is   we are going to give it hell  so you better be there!!!
 love 's my new xbox  love 
why does tomorrow have 2 be monday?? :[
awesome night 
home at last 
"no work for 5 whole days  smile  excellent  now, what shall i do??"
misses th spooky season  sad 
break ends tomorrow morning    
hittin up gallery hop tonight
i want to watch ahh real monsters  such a good show  
work christmas party tonight 
needs to find a simple photo editing program to download    suggestions???
"only 4 more days left of work before vacation  who is ready??? \<------ this chick "
last minute preperations before leaving for colorado tomorrow morning  smile 
waiting to board the plane   keep your fingers crossed a don't toss my cookies 
in colorado and loving it  smile 
i cant be the only one still awake   
"going to manitou springs today [aka, hippie ville]"
<propfemale> christmas too all!!!
"soooo when i booked the flight here   apparentally i only did it one way    so i didn't get as good of a deal as i thought  so now, i had to pay, again, to get tickets home  awwwwwesome about $600"
about to head to the airport  goodbye colorado =[
<propmale> city parking   up yours with a twirrling lawn mower  i hate you 
"the time has come   work begins once again  ready or not kiddos, here i come!"
p s    black swan was awesome
cant stop sneezing and blowing my nose    this is like the 4th time i've caught this cold  really? come on 
going to cosi today wif my lady  smile 
"anyone want a yellow lab named bear??? no, seriously   "
"off to work, but then it's mooonnssterrr mondaaayyy!! mwahahaha!!"
just bought some sweet make up  smile  thanks boneyardfx!!
"so who can i talk to about getting a jetpack?? for real, no more dickin around lets make this happen people!"
relaxing  shopping  drinks  dancing  who's in????
new make up and prosthetics have arrived!!!  smile  can't wait to try them out!
delicious sushi lunch with <propfemale> gosnell  then picking up murphy then monster time!! and making a lovely dinner with briden <propmale> schueren  not a bad day off at all i'd say  smile  thanks friends!
"sittin here with murph eating chips and salsa, watching spiderman  smile "
what a day whew  now it's time for the fun to begin!
watching face off  smile 
thank you ice day  smile 
celebrating both of my bosses birthdays tonight  smile  happy belated birthday <propfemale> and <propmale>!!
likes boys
wants to start getting warmer weather now 
tomorrow is friday  and payday  finally 
drag show tonight  smile 
