3be7c32000f18ec973a4490fa00d004b
it is bed time  good night all 
has yet another night with nothing to do 
has a massive infected blister on her foot annoyed 
loves when it rains love 
is currently unemployed   
looks like a crazy wild woman!
loves showtime tv 
"made seared salmon and whole wheat spaghetti w  <propmale>, lemon, and capers  all on a bed of fresh baby spinach  it was delicious!"
is extremly nervous about her phone interview with the dm from pacsun   
"doesn't believe the new day of the dead zombies are realistic  if your body shuts down you decay, not run really fast and climb walls like spiderman   "
hopes her interview went well   
wishes she was a vampire smile 
just made gravy from scratch  yum 
is watching <propmale> of the hill and they're playing roller derby laugh 
may have had a few drinks   
is trying to sleep on the way home but can't get my mind off the game!
is wondering why she is so sore  it's not like anybody hit her lat night and she only fell 3 or 4 times  
"is enjoying the storm, wheat thins, and some beer smile "
is ready for practice and needs a job 
is hungry yet again 
just had a grilled <propmale> & cheese sammich with jalpenos  yumtastic 
loves beer 
needs food 
hates people who turn the air off when its hot outside!!!
is hurting in places she wouldn't think possible 
is done with practice  now it's time for a snack and some wii fit time 
feels great after working out 
thinks the new girls did awesome with hitting tonight!
needs to sell a lot of her clothes but has no clue where to start 
pulled a muscle but should be ok for the game next week  cross your fingers 
is glad my leg is feeling a lot better 
is listening to the beach boys laugh 
thinks it is waaay to hot outside 
is ready for practice and is glad blakely will be joining us tonight!
is watching the rt66 roller girls on man v  food  i wanna be on tv  
"has the greatest boyfriend ever! when i dropped him off at work he handed me his debt card and said \in case you want to buy <propfemale> in wonderland\""  laugh """
is ready for the game tonight and excited about all the new girls we have playing!
"<propfemale> <propfirst>, snoop dog, and roller skating dancers  could there be a better performance?"
needs a new battery for her car annoyed 
so my car works   sometimes?
had a dream last night that she chopped a guys head off with an axe  
is watching casper then is  going to try to be productive today smile 
really needs a job  who is hiring?
is waiting for <propmale> to get back from swimming and watching food network 
wishes she had a source of income  there are things that need to be paid for 
"doesn't understand why people \like\"" bands and such on here and then just leave mean comments """
"thinks this nose ring feels funny, but at least i can hide it if i need to "
is watching <propfemale> silverman 
has an interview on friday laugh 
wants to go to the new <propmale> potter theme park that opened today   
is about to go to her interview   
"got the job  it's seasonal, so it only lasts until aug  oh, and i won't get more than 15 hours a week  so i'm still looking "
is watching <propfemale> in wonderland again before going to sleep 
is heading to fay-town for some derby fun!
we didn't win but como did so i'm just as happy laugh  way to go ladies!!
is bored and has no car 
"is drinking some hazelnut coffee, yum  love "
is bored 
is mad about this dumb blister  i wish it would just go away so i could skate harder annoyed 
had an awesome practice!
wants to go shopping  i'm having withdrawls   
is excited about going to okc  laugh 
is back from okc and had a great time but i'm glad to be home 
is about to go to speed practice and then derby right after that 
had a great practice  now i'm sleepy 
is really hungry! i can't wait for <propmale> to get back with food 
is going to try and be productive today  lots of things to do around the house 
is hurt but not injured 
is watching ferngully  i know you're jealous 
is bored out of my mind and i wish i could go back to sleep 
"if a squib and a wizard had a baby, would the baby be pure blood?"
is ready for the scrimmage tonight! go black team smile 
woo black team!!
gotta love blu <propfirst>  love 
is ready for some derby and really wants to work out more 
"loves that neighbors from hell just called inline skates \fruit boots\"" haha """
is up waayy too early 
is going to go swimming smile 
wants to be in bed annoyed 
went to work and saw that they moved the meeting back an hour and as i'm walking out the door they tell me that i didn't have to come to this meeting   
is watching the phineas and ferb roller derby episode  what a perfect way to start a game day smile 
is uber tired after tonight 
"is feeling sore after last night, but i can't wait until the next game smile "
is going swimming with some friends 
is huungry 
got my hours cut for this week 
needs something to do 
"loves her boyfriend for everything he's done no matter the situation  he's amazing! anyone he refs against better be nice or i' ready to fight, lol "
is ready to skate!
is ready for some derby!!
"is really sore from last night, but had an awesome time "
has had a very boring day  i hope tomorrow is more exciting 
"is glad to have found a job, let alone an awesome one "
really wants some chicken tacos 
has a sore hip but had a great weekend 
needs a new book to read 
has nifty hair smile 
is ready for the scrimmage tonight! hope to see everyone there!
has a hurt finger 
"is cold and wet from the pool, but a pretty mcuh awesome day  one event kept it from being completly awesome "
hurts all over 
wishes her body wasn't hurting so bad 
has had a good week  let's continue it 
just woke up  is it monday yet?
is watching anime and eating ramen 
is going to read some <propmale> p  i'm excited 
needs to move her stuff still 
is cold  i need a cuddle puddle 
<propfirst> roya is the greatest person ever  just thought i'd let everyone know smile 
is done with her first day off work  i feel successful now  i got an awesome work out while getting stuff done  now i'm off to watch some fighting practice smile 
had two great work days and loves her job  can't wait to open smile 
"is tired, but excited about the fact that the store is almost painted! it's been a lot of work, but it's paying off  i'm so excited! everyone needs to get all their stuff together to sell to us starting on september 20th!!"
is on her way!
got mvp tonight!!
is getting her hair did 
"loves her hair  i'll try to get pictures up soon  thank you for doing an awesome job, <propfirst> roya"
"is about to go to work at plato's closet fort smith, ar"
is in <propfemale> ear mode 
had a crazy night  i think   
is having fun 
is doing some more training today! who's excited about plato's closet opening next week?? i am! i am!
is regretting the nap i just took  now i'm all groggy  annoyed 
"has a great job, an amazing boyfriend, and awesome friends  life is good "
hopes to see everyone out at the red black scrimmage tonight!!
"is getting lots of training done at plato's closet fort smith, ar  i'm so ready for us to open so we can buy all your stuff!!  laugh "
"can't wait until tomorrow! plato's closet fort smith, ar will finally be open to buy your stuff! so clean out your closets and start bringing it in!  laugh "
is drinking some coffee and going to try to get some stuff done around the house finally  today has been a lazy day 
"is ready for the day! plato's closet fort smith, ar is now open! so go take your gently used clothes and accessories down there  we take guys stuff too! let's make the first day a huge success!!"
"is up and ready for the long day to come! everyone should come see me at plato's closet fort smith, ar today and bring their gently used clothes! i'll be there all day!  love "
"had a great day at work  now it is time to sleep, so i can wake up and do it again smile "
"had a great first week plato's closet fort smith, ar!! we're closed tomorrow, but everyone should continue to bring stuff to us on monday! now it's time to head down to la huerta's for $1 jello shots at fall crawl on garrison ave  with the river valley roller girls! i hope to see everyone out there laugh "
has finally caught up on some much needed sleep  now i just need get some stuff done around the house  it has been a lazy sunday 
"is up and ready to work  everyone should come see me at plato's closet fort smith, ar and bring me their old clothes and accessories! i'll be there all day laugh "
"is off to lay down and watch a movie and get some sleep  early day tomorrow at plato's closet fort smith, ar  i  love  my job "
"we're super slow today plato's closet fort smith, ar, so bring us your stuff!!!"
is exhausted but still has so much to get done   sigh
"has a bruised up hip, scraped up arm, and my head hurts  i'm going to be feeling it  i'm glad i have tomorrow off "
is sitting at the fights waiting on everything to start 
booooooo  that's all i have to say 
"had a relaxing day yesterday, but is glad to get back into the groove of things  is it weird that i don't mind mondays anymore?"
is about to make some turkey burgers  yum!  laugh 
had a good evening yesterday  played dress up at beauty's boutique and then went and picked out what picture i wanted in the river valley roller girls calander  now i'm all rested and about to go to work smile 
is wanting something to do tonight  anything going on?
loves sitting on the back porch drinking coffee  it's peaceful 
"just made like $75 at plato's closet fort smith, ar selling my old clothes! all you have to do is bring your teen young adult clothes and accessories folded in a box or bag in and get cash for it!  smile "
"you think i'm pretty without any make up on \you think i'm funny when i tell the punch line wrong \i know you get me, so i'll let my walls come down "
had a good day at work  now it's time for some sleep because tomorrow is going to be busy busy 
never knew she could hurt this much 
is needing help with her car  the alternator is bad  any one good with cars want to help?
is now fattened up by chinese food  life is good 
tout est bien que finir bien 
"has a busy day  i work from 9 to 5 at plato's closet fort smith, ar  then i'm headed straight to the rink for paint the rink pink - rvrg vs  st  chux - last home bout of the season"
is done with work  now it's time for some roller derby laugh  i hope to see everyone out at <propfemale> palace for paint the rink pink - rvrg vs  st  chux - last home bout of the season
is at work until 2  you should come see me and bring clothes smile 
is excited about november 11th  know why? it our grand opening day!!!
is going to make an effort to be better for you 
is a vamp 
thinks she had a good time last night  from the pictures it looks like i did   smile 
i am ready for this day  let's make it awesome!
just wondering  but how's your vash?
is out at lost beach  you could come see me 
"has an exciting week ahead! plato's closet fort smith, ar has it's grand opening on thursday and then saturday i'm heading to columbia, mo for the como derby dames double header!! i'm so excited laugh "
"is sick, and it sucks  of all weeks to get sick  "
well i would say that our soft opening went awesome! now it's time to get some sleep for tomorrow's grand opening  i'm excited laugh 
come check out plato's closet! we're now open!!
can't wait to <propfemale> with a cute boy tonight laugh 
had a good day at work  a cute boy came and brought me reese's smile 
"is getting ready to go to work! for anyone who went and saw <propmale> potter this week, we have a special for you! bring in your ticket stub and recieve 20% any one item!"
just finished having my hair bleached  now to the fun stuff smile 
just got my letter in the mail saying that i have readmitted to uafs  sweet  now i just need to go sign up for some classes 
is eating at village inn and the waitress told me people in the kitchen said i looked cool  weird 
thanks bevin cloninger green for the amazing jeans! i absolutely love them!  love 
is watching kitaro while laying in bed  i  love  this movie 
doesn't like mean people  just saying 
"is having a relaxing evening with my bradly love \i'm hoping to finally get some rest on my day off "
"worked on my day off, but i'm ok with that  things are looking up "
just bought the most amazing <propfemale> <propmale> dress  i'm excited 
is road tripping it up with <propfirst> roya  love 
"does not feel good, but <propmale> is taking care of me love "
bleh annoyed 
is tired  is it bed time yet?
had a lovely time at the plato's closet christmas party smile 
"well, no classes tomorrow "
"it only took all day, but my hair looks pretty damn awesome thanks to <propfirst> roya  love "
"is hungry, but is about to have another class then 3 hours of derby  this is after 2 classes and 6 hours of work  thankfully <propmale> brought me some food at work or i don't know what i would do  this girl needs her food "
i hate snow  it's so cold and wet 
today's going to be a good day  i can feel it laugh 
i was correct  yesterday was a good day  now to make today even better laugh 
won't you take me to   sleepytown!
is hanging with my <propmale>  playing card games and watching x-men the animated series  what a great night love 
is having a blah kind of day 
"still feels as though she is being stabbed, but i think i'll be ok   smile "
