8117cc6e2d23e4ee25fc7a714f28e131
trying to find old pics of me      wow there are alot of bad pics out there     
going to the gym!!!
happy father's day to all the dad's out there!!!!
planning planning planning!!!!
i love facebook      it's kinda like my old apt where i can put up all my pics!!!
shocked and sadden about <propfirst> <propmale>!!
had a great time at the gay pride parade & festival!!!
wow that was a good girls night out last night!!!!
today is the day <propmale>'s family and my family are meeting       wish me luck!!!!!!
hopefully signing the contract today for our ceremony location!!!
heading to owatonna today      
can anybody out there type up a document in vietnames? i'm desperate!!!
it was alot easier then i thought       i didn't know my computer already had vietnamese font on it   all i had to do is take it out of the languages and put in the program then write it up   yippie!!!!!
i'm in total shock that my mother is on facebook 
what am i doing up at 5 surprise 0 am?????
bored       hai's watching football        
wow!!!! there are a lot of loose ends in a wedding        
night to myself       yippie!!!!      <propmale>'s having his bacholer party tongith!!!! to <propmale> and all the guys going tonight have a great time!!!!
i'm off to my bridal shower!!!! yippie
i had a great time at the bridal shower   thanks everybody      
it's my bacherlorette party tonight!!!!!!!  wacth out boys!!!!!!
tea ceremony tonight!!! which means <propmale> & i will be married in culture!!!!
thanks for all the well wishes   the tea ceremony was great last night  now for the american one today!!!!
i'm married!!! that's just crazy   thanks to everybody who made my day perfect and special 
thank you everybody for all the well wishes!!!  it is wonderful being married!!! hopefully i will have pictures soon to share 
what the *@#*  is there really snow on the ground? thank goodness we leave on thur for our honeymoon      bahamas here we come!!!
i'm on my way to the airport!!!! bahamas here we come!!! this is going to be the best honeymoon!!
"back from the bahamas, what an amazing time      but what is this weather about going to 90 to 30's suck!!!"
packing for vegas baby!!! leaving tomorrow!!!
going to vegas today for 5 days!!!  if any of you guys will be there let me know     
back from vegas!!!  i actually broke even!!!  yippie
do i really have to unpack?????
i see that is a bye week for the vikings     that must be why <propmale> is taking me to dim sum and saying it is my day    that sneaky man!!!
off to the doctor this morning     first time in at least 6 yrs    just got some insurance     yippie    now we will find out what is really wrong with me    hahaha
i love my babies!!!
my hubby is going to the vikings game today     day to myself!!!!
"chinese fortune stick     \ accept an opportunity that is offered to you\"""""
packing again and leaving for miami at 5 surprise 0 am in the morning!!!!!  hot weather here i come!!!!!
<propmale> is eating a congh salad this morning and smelling up the whole hotel room and being on the ninth floor you can't open the windows!!!  wow that stinks!!!
enjoying another beautiful day in miami   
just got my professional pics back from the wedding!!!! yippie!!!! lots more pics to come     
heading to owatonna for the next two days!!! helping the mom's sell her delicious <propfemale>!! hopefully i won't eat all of them before we can sell them     
hello everybody out there     if you're going to be in the faribo (mn that is) area you should stop by the mall and visit me and try some of my mom's <propfemale> there awesome      sat and sun
well i got the call      i'll be gone for the next two months     
"not looking forward to all the driving      i have 5 stores 1 in grand forks nd, 1 in st cloud mn, 1 in wausau wi, 1 in green bay wi, and 1 in greendale wi  the closest  are two hrs apart and the farthest is 12 hrs apart "
made it to st  cloud today and i'll be heading to grand forks later today yippie!!!!
i'm in milwaukee today and heading back to green bay  glad it's not snowing!!!!
i love my remote control start for my car!!!!!
merrry christmas to all and i hope <propfemale>'s gives you everything you deserve!!!
off to grand forks nd today hope they opened up the roads!!
what is your resolution going to be this year?
hoping everybody a safe and great new year!!!!
sitting in a hotel room bored!!!
purple
8 surprise 0am on sat and off to work    yippie
i feel so bad      i was driving on the highway and a cat came out of no where and i hit it  i'm a horrible person!!!!!
starting the closing down process   st cloud today and grand forks nd tomorrow
there are some questionable hotels in this world      
sitting in a hotel bored    nothing on tv     
i'm home and done with work    no more 3 to 5 hour drives     yippie!!!
i guess the hair
"should i stay or should i go now?  do i really want to go to the gym no, i do i need to go to the gym, yes"
doing a little early spring cleaning  selling-- <propfemale> sz mattress-- wedding dress (never worn) --audio stand --gps garmin 850 --heineken beer tender so if you are anybody you know needs any of these let me know     
already sold two items craigslist is great      
i'm going to say it    i actually like the new fb <propfemale>!
starting chinese new years early!!!! party all the time party all the time!!!
gong xi fa cai!!! (happy chinese new year) and happy valentines!! hope everybody has a great day!!!
dim sum this morning and now off to the in-laws for more great food and celebrate the new year!!!
just got a <propfemale>'s necklace from my amazing husband!!! and of course my fav chocolates!!!
my sister and i are doing a 4 day detox!!!
nyquil sucks!!!!
heading to apple vally majors for 21 cent cocktails    if you're in the area you should stop by   5-7
i was trumped!!!!
"thanks to everyone that came to <propmale>'s \surprise\"" birthday party      it was a blast"""
hot long showers feel so good after a long and dirty day of landscaping       
today's going to be a good good day!!!!
well today's the day!!! <propmale> n i start the p90x workout   i have a feeling i won't be able to move by the end of the week   fyi i don't recommend taking pics of oneself in their underwear    reality sucks       
precelebrating by b-day today at majors 5-7  in apple valley     21 cent drinks    whoop whoop!!!     if anybody wants to stop by we'll be there then back to our house to for more fun!!!!
i just got two dozen roses and my favorite chocolates from my amazing husband!!!!
you like me you really really like me!!! hahaha  i feel very loved     thanks for all the birthday wishes      it made my birthday even more special     
thanks to everybody that made my suprise party a great night!!!  i had so much fun and thanks <propmale> for the big surprise    
getting up at 5 smile 0am tomorrow to do a 100 mile rummage sale with my sister and mom!!!! yep we're crazy!!!!
perfect mall day     who's with me?
off to sell my mom's amazing <propfemale> at the farmers market!!!!
happy mother's day to all you amazing mom's!!!! keep up the good work!!!
made sushi rolls for the first time    not too bad     but i do need to get one of those rolling things   
playing the waiting game!!!!
work has called and i must leave    good bye minneapolis you will be missed    ok it's more like my husband and doggies will be missed!!!
stop i want to get off!!!!
"my job is very interesting   1300 <propmale> driven, 11 stores visited and 4 hotels in 3 1 2 days!!!!!"
all i can say is budget car rental sucks!!!!! i had an accident at 1 this afternoon and it's 9:45 pm and i'm still sitting in the ditch waiting for them!!!! it shouldn't take over nine hours to pick me up!!!!
to all the people who aren't physically in my life anymore but you will always be in my heart!!!! <propmale> (father) ly (best friend ever!!) angel (sister) i miss you all!!!
sad  sad  just found out my step father passed away last night   he was a good man and brought me up to be a good person 
work is crazy!!!! which way is up!?!?!?!?!?!?!
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you   i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get!"
i'm sitting in the beer gardens in grand forks nd buy myself and i just got hit on by the town drunk  now my 4th is complete  lol
and it starts    13 days 8 stores and over 400 miles     let the insanity begin!!!
detroit lakes mn done        400 <propmale> tomorrow to dickinson nd       and i'm already tired   
"crookston mn done, williston nd done, detroit lakes mn done, dickinson nd done, now 400 <propmale> to fergus falls to close them tomorrow!!!!"
i am so stressed!!!!!
"one more day, one more day, one more day and the nightmare store will be closed!!!!  it's amazing when you only have 5 employees left and three of them don't show up on a saturday      "
nine stores done and two more to go 
closing the last store today!!!!  get to go home tomorrow!!!!
i'm home!!! i'm home!!!! let the summer begin!!!!
"yippie dim sum this morning!!!  if anyone's interested you can meet us \11 surprise 0am yangtze 5625 wayzata blvd, st <propfirst> park       if you've never had it you should try it      "
my husbands leaving today for a mans weekend    well you know what that means     a womens weekend for me!!!
going to my home town this weekend   girls weekend = sisters 40th birthday and the owatonna fair!!!!
off to wisconsin dells this morning!!! never been there and i'm excited      let the water rides begin!!!
getting ready to go to woofstock today!!!
thanks for all our concerns   my family in owatonna is fine and weren't in the houses that got flooded   thanks again 
it's our 1 year anniversary today!!!  wow time sure does fly!!!  but i still love him like it's the first day
"i have the most amazing man!!!  yesterday he took me to dim sum with great friends, then went to the park and played with the doggies and for dinner surprised me by taking me to the spot we got married (the guthrie theater) and ate at the sea change which has amazing seafood       "
going to aamodt's apple orchard today and the weather couldn't be better!!!
i like it on my office floor     
sitting at the travel clinic waiting for my shots      i hate shots!!!!! but will be worth it in two weeks when i'm in vietnam!!!!
i'm getting so excited!!!  we're going to vietnam!!! we leave wed 6 surprise 0am!!!!!  we'll be gone for for almost 3 weeks      now hopefully i come back and my husband doesn't sell me off    hahahahahahaha      
hello facebook buddies!!!!!  i'm home from vietnam and boy is it cold here in minnecolda!!!!  had a great time and only paid 2 50 for a manicure & pedicure!!!
going to go out and play in the snow!!!!
going to the timberwolves game tonight!!!!
presents done    grocery shopping done    decorations done    cocktails poured     now i'm ready for the festivities     merry x-mas <propfemale> <propfemale>rybody!!!!
hope everyone had a wonderful christmas 
"it's official! i'm a grown up! i'm making my whole family christmas dinner today at my house  on the menu will be prime rib, turkey, shrimp, potatoes, egg rolls, sweet potatoe bake, <propmale> & cheese bake, green bean casserole, cranberry's, punch and all the extras pickles, buns, gravy, lobster dip, spicy dip, cheese and crackers, and dessert home made pecan pie and chocolate mouse pie  do you think it's enough??"
gong xi fa cai !!!!! (happy chinese new years)  well my year is up (tiger) now it's the year of the rascally rabbits!!!!
happy chinese new year!!!!  oh wait i'm married now     crap that means i have to give out red envelopes    hopefully no one visits me today!!!! enjoy your new years from a far please ; -)
"<propfemale>'s getting married, <propfemale>'s getting married, <propfemale>'s getting married     (i'm doing a happy dance!!!!)"
had a great weekend!!! played in a poker tournament with 12 guys and won the whole thing!!!!  that's right the only girl takes it all!!!
