7dd374c92f16b29920baff4a79b5c88c
"new year, 2010! time to start over and bring in the new! happy new year to everyone!"
just woke up! great way to start the new decade 
"chill day, watching across the universe  prob more sleep later, then idk "
"eh i figured to do something odd  off to start off the new year,soooo i figured starting from the 1st day and 80 days past i will post some random fact, some of u may not know 1st - <propfirst> clemens (<propfirst> twain) was born and died on the days when <propfemale>'s comet can be seen  during his life he predicted that he would die when it could be seen  <propfemale> -dah"
bored  and tired
got no idea how to work facebook lol
so bored
bored out of my mind
ehh bored raining again  seeing the new <propmale> potter movie tonight
in town   waiting for ppl to wake up
ewww fing spider got on me   also in town haha till 11 then i leave back to my house to be bored - -
at the library
home and bored might go to the diva show tonight idk yet
prob going to the movie tonight with dags excited to see her i missed her
going to the movies tonight the dags excited to see her i missed her
i'm always in denial because i hate dealing with situations that will bring my guard down      i hate being vulnerable
going to my beach for the rest of the day  maybe some inner tubing  and good food
being able to survive it     doesn't mean that is was ever ok
i'm so sick of all this heat
just got back from town  today was so hot i went swimming lots with <propfirst> and sis
owe  my stomach hurts       what and icky feeling   wow i sound really <propfemale> like lol  - -
in town and hanging with b today
whoppiieee
i had an ehhh kinda day   babysitting  tonight
babysitting the night away      no one is like online - - so sitting in silence weee! - -
"<propfemale> alert in oshwa ny-3 year old girl taken by a man driving silver truck ontario plate # 728 381  if all of you reading my status would copy and paste into your status, it could potentially save a little girls life"
it's raining and thundering   i like it but it took my power out so i have nothing i can eat cause i would have to cook - - nothing to do today or ever    what a joy this summer has been - -
bored  so talk to me ^__^
just a balh kinda day   i did get skinny jeans yesterday so that's cool never did find my shoes   and now i don't got the money to buy them os i'm stuck in a hole until i get a job
just starting our summer reading  i'm to much of  a slacker to do it sooner
can't seem to get enough sleep i'm always tired and never hungry       summer is ending soon we are all back in soon   then it is early mornings and planed days     homework and pressure to be and do ur best
god i feel like my head is going to burst     this well   hmm sucks!! and we  go back to school soon and i have t deal with people i  well to put it nicely are not fond of
yup can't get much worse   
waiting for something good to happen    i'm going to be waiting awhile     
last day of summer and it is great out  i'm inside doing work i should have had done a week ago   fmylife
2morrow i will find out if we rly do get a new class mates   woot!
  going to a soccer meeting tonight and   i guess i'm doing choir
now that i'm doing soccer   need a check up   and that means my mom will plan my shots    - - 
so it turns out i'm blind and i'm getting glasses in around a week
f my laptop charger  it broke so unless i can fix it i'm without it till tuesday bye any <propmale> for social life
getting to use my aunts laptop for a minute here and there so i have not lost all hope    got to see big brother today ^__^ and besides that have been bpred so yah   
we won our socceer game ! yay   although i did get hit the the head   what a surprise  
ilkjblkjabdlkvbdfkn abjle nvdbakf!!!!ljbavlkvbdsfkbj
ehhafn!
    it is offical my gram did have a heart attack
i am going to throw this freaking laptop off the roof and set it on fire!!!!   well i wish i could
happy bithday teryn!!! - love you like the big sister u have always been ^__^
<propfemale>la de dum de dum <propfemale>
i have the beatles- come together  in my head all day and that is one of the few songs i don't mind having replay  ^__^
strawberry fields forever   love   love it haha  and the beatles
"i love, standing in a thunder storm singing, as loud as u want knowing no one can here you "
sprite & pepsi one of the best combos ever  happy thanksgiving everyone
watching nightmare before christmas w00t! freaking love it
and jsofn;kdnb;knf;bjkfuckgongajkgnkjdfkjngladfgmylkeagjnfdlkslife jngakjgnkfdjnlkjnglkjerrr   ta-dah
anyone got the directions to were we tumble??
i finally got internet    w00t!!!
ugh  dljgndfjksbkjdf   exactly!
making brownies      of course only for the batter
snow is rly cold in t-shirt and jeans
"cheering  soon then babysitting, and 2morrow i have cheering, babysitting one kid and then later on 2 more kids   long weekend but i am look forward 2 it"
"got the hiccups, listening to music and best of all i got fake reindeer antlers on   got to love the holidays"
i find i find it amusing that alot of the guys are posting what they are wearing 2morrow night
what is more whacky than tala in a skirt?
failll!!!!
drowned out all the other sounds with the beatles tonight
"christmas <propfemale> and i'm sitting home alone, got to love the holidays "
"<propfemale> christmas everyone, have fun today "
"ok i feel stupid, i thought today was sunday  and that we have school 2morrow"
has anyone actually ever got a dog for christmas like with the holes in the box and everything?  or do the movies just do it to tease us?
"bored, cleaning and then back to mayhem 2morrow"
"idk, thinking of removing the black from my hair, just for a bit"
"ok, so fail trying to strip the black from my hair "
"yes! ready to bring in the new year, out with the old and in with the new   so pumped for the new decade "
homework =[
"mad because my plan for this week will not happen, looks like i will have to pick out my own clothes "
"school, cheering,game, home  home work and then i might get sleep  barley got sleep last night    today is going to be fun  ha sure  k"
"just got home from the game, yelling so much it was a really close game, think i might lose my voice a bit  annoyed "
"ugh, i'm bored, my head hurts, got homework to do  not fun "
hate it when people get pissed at u are mean to u and won't tell u why
anyone know what time the boys game is tomorrow ?
"ugh, i just had to be curios and look around peta2 and all the animal activest site's info and videos  meat looks nasty to me now, but why does it have to taste good"
"looks like i can't do ski tuesday, no snowboarding! boo"
"bad internet connection, so if i don't reply right away or  go offline  don't get mad please "
i miss sleep 
i love my <propfemale>
"this is why, i hate liking people "
"music class a few days ago quoting <propfemale>- \is austria sort for australia??\"" lmao"""
i loved a ninja sliding down a hill because the voices told me to  haha
making brownies   mostly for the batter   what else is better! haha
the world would be boring without a little oddity  boring indeed 
tired    puppy kept me up most of the night 
national spoon day it tomorrow! bring a spoon to school! do it!
does anyone know what we have for practices this week?
wouldn't life be interesting if everyone said what they really thought?
"hakuna matata! what a wonderful phrase hakuna matata! ain't no passing craze it means no worries for the rest of your days it's our problem-free philosophy hakuna matata! hakuna matata? yeah  it's our motto! what's a motto? nothing  what's a-motto with you? those two words will solve all your problems, hakuna matata"
"<propfirst> sparrow does not run like a girl, girl run like <propfirst> sparrow haha"
"leaving soon, poor baby dog   i'm going to miss you!"
"just got home form a horrible dy, but i'm glad i was there               r i p  kayota sleep well  i will never forget u i love you!"
peanut butter!
"tired, going to school to get work and see if they need my help at concessions or not  <propfemale> think it will be good to be around people "
miss u baby girl 
"going to the game in a ew then coming home at like 8-8 smile 0 then hatting and getting some over due rest! ha, ready for the week end "
i love songs that can take you away
"haha, so my fam is throwing me a b day party nad they asked me to choose a theme, and i did 60's - 70's hippie  beatles theme!"
came home  no one is here  wonderful 
"feels like shit, and idk why, just feel icky"
"i hate games that are addicting, hope i feel good tomorrow "
"bored, don't feel good, doing some work "
"still felling like shat, can't seem to get comfy in my bed this is horrible "
"wth, seriously get some common sense, then stfu "
the length of my hair on my head (scalp) is about 18 inches !
i hate it when people lie right to my face 
"why does my head hurt so bad! on top of whatever i got,  worst week ever"
my tree faves at this moment - 1  and really bad eggs 2  why is the rum always gone?  3  i've got jar of dirrrt i've got a jar of dirrrtt and guess what inside it  ahah love him
pirates of the caribbean marathon!
"babysitting later   well soon, starting to feel a bit better  hoping yes hoping i will be back in school on monday "
hiccups    are not kind  at all 
"we shall have a magnificent garden party and your not invited heee  *finds rock and throws   rock comes back* shoo    a rock    *licks* *throws   rock comes back, \now we are being followed by rocks  never heard that one before \""  smile """
"tired, going to bed in a few, sooo ready for school tomorrow "
"hate coming home, just fml at this point    "
imperfect is the new perfect!
"shity ass night, ever better __________ won't say who or how!"
that ride was     interesting 
who else thinks it is fun to be ur self   i know i do!
"why can't we be in the days of innocents, where little things, did not matter  all of those big decisions were ( what crayon to use, what to eat that night, and what was your favorite color  let's go back to where smiles    covered up nothing  "
getting my haircut soon!
i agree with <propfirst> <propfirst> glitter is the herpes  of arts and crafts     
m  q  n t4rahw qw
i want more vests       i think i will buy more    because they make me happy
just would like to thank <propfirst> archer-brey for my amazing birthday gift! and thanks to the boys and captain as well 
why is my house so cold!?!?!?!?!
still eating b-day cake   
pounding the pixy sticks and blastin some music! yay    
i cannot wait till i get to see <propfemale> in wonderland!!!! ahaha
just woke up about 15 mins ago   
"my remote likes to play hide and seek with me, sad thing is, it keeps winning   "
ouch   
"pixy freaking sticks, still eating them   ahha"
"awake, why?"
i hate living in this house 
"cleaning, cleaning, and then a shower and then some laundry      then school week starts  i'm needing some summer vacation "
my hair no longer wants to curl for me    
strongly and surely have a strong dislike towards you 
just one of those days 
missing you 
"just finished making a snowman with my aunt  home, bored, thinking of what to do next!"
making a fire!muahah just playin but yah  fire    = i want marshies
kenzie <propfemale> brown as soon as u can get on line! if i'm not message me saying u are on! aha k cause we need to chat like asap  i need some help girl
"fml, seriously  everyone needs to get a freaking grip "
i love blackberries & raspberries!
"watching pirates of the caribbean 1 & 2 tonight, love those movies!"
i have freckles    on my face   
"madison: \i'm too comfortable with where i put my mouth lmao\""    """
22 1 2 inches of hair babe!
i got my haircut today    and i like it!
"1st day back, and i already lost track of my family  haha"
"my arms and <propmale> than my legs, like legit u can tell    me of all people a tan line between white and whiter    "
don't try so hard to fit in be the one who scars the crap out of people with your idea's!
kenzie: how do you break a bridge??? me: with a big truck  
"bored, why did have to be yucky out , today of all days  t hinking of what i should do next      "
"and today is the longest day of the year! as in light wise, so lets just say i'm getting like no sleep!"
i got a very painful sun burn     this is what i get for being white and  trying to tan    sad 
iced coffee  smile   smile   love   love   love 
"really hate it when u see a spider one second, and then     it dissapears   kinda freaking me out a little  laugh   annoyed "
"tired, ready to sleep in for a day    "
i need a haircut   bleh
at work till 3 smile 0 and then home for a bit and street dance tonight   hope it will be fun 
"<propfemale>'s moving day! excited, hoping everything goes as planed and it works well, yes yes people i will miss her! but happy to see her go anyways  smile  aha, tired mostly gonna be sleeping in the car  woohoo"
debating if i wanna do any sports or not and then off to work   seems to be doing that alot haha
our class is getting smaller   oh my
going shopping with my aunt tomorrow  anyone get there school list of crap yet?
anyone else not happy to making a trip back to hell?
i like rubber ducks and elephants 
"i've been thinking and i've never saw another tala, has anyone seen or know  a another tala?"
"oh i'm sorry, i must have forgotten, your freaking almighty and i don't count    thanks "
kinda want a pixie haircut     
babysitting and working on <propmale> 
"flying away, sounds nice  right? psh who would not wanna be able to fly?!?!"
i like it on the floor 
"my cat (rollie) is like a <propfemale> and she loves to cuddle! i like it, cause i'm freaking cold!"
"i love kenzie <propfemale> brown, and i be missing her a$$"
"feelin crappy, migraine pills and bed   "
"i was told i look like <propfirst> swift today, by some random lady     lol"
watching some <propmale> <propmale> getting into the halloween feel!! smile 
helped grandpa today   in rain   got soaking wet! but it was good i suppose   smile 
watching scary movies with <propfemale> to night!!  smile 
"pirates of the caribbean!!!!!  smile   smile  makes my movie\ life complete!"
pessimists & realists easy to confuse     try not to   smile 
temp reached 102 8    thats why i was dizzy
does havanna or hot box girls have to be early tonight???
crappy feeling      kinda feel like puking      yay =[   
snow!!!  smile   annoyed  don't know if i'm loving it or not lol  but burrrr anyways  smile 
making arts and crafts with my aunt!  smile   smile  loving the holidays!
happy turkey thanksgiving day! everyone!
alright did they discontinue that old square one   my first ipod if any of you know it or like <propfirst>'s 1st i think it was ???? anyone know it would be a big help!
"so at the craft show today, i had a table for our class raffle basket and we made $104 00 dollars  smile !!!!"
so i cannot remember what we have to do for the straub paper!!! can anyone fill me in please!!!
eating pancakes with my aunt and uncle!  laugh 
kenzie <propfemale> brown likes moldy pancakes and purple dinosaurs that have adhd!
switching things up in my room  smile 
"snow! yay it about time, i was begging to get worried from the lack of it   time to play with the puppy outside!"
i like to burn stuff  smile 
burnt my tounge on a cinnamon bun =[ owwie    
can anyone tell me what i missed today in school?
"it would be nice if i could breath out of my nose, and if my internet would work properly =["
"going to farmington today, finishing off christmas shopping  smile "
bones  love ! if you know what i'm talking about then you might be my best friend!  smile 
is secret <propfemale> tomorrow?
<propfemale> christmas everyone! have fun today!
across the universe  love 
haqa  love 
so much snow outside my bedroom window right now    i could jump and vanish!  i love winter!
at my aunts making pancakes!  smile 
and my fear of clowns grows    
seriously??
poetry out loud tomorrow  annoyed 
sorry 
anarbor  love 
i cannot find my glasses =[
homework   why must you mock me?!?!!?!
why do i have to grow up?  isn't it enough that i've learned how to behave in public   
perfectly imperfect   and loving every minute of it  smile 
"if con is the opposite of pro, is congress the opposite of progress?"
anyone know the # to wrgy radio station???
"starting my day finally, going to help mom at the shop!  smile "
i got my self some dinosaur chicken nuggets!!  smile  booyah!
i've seem to accumulated 73 shirts    in my closet     i don't dare figure out how many i have in total   
going on a walk with <propfirst> clinch and my pup <propfemale>!!
thanks everyone for all my birthday wishes yesterday!  smile 
"painting my room, starting tomorrow!!!!  smile "
whats our first class tomorrow?
<propfemale> i got my spacerr mic bober things out and now i have a slit lisp until i get used to normal teeth  annoyed 
summer needs to hurry up and get here   
so i just saw the best and most amazing thing ever!!! new pirates of the caribbean movie this summer!!!!
