dfd43ceac8db16308d7a43825015587b
happy new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
damn i can't get this girl out of mind        i wish time would have passed by slower when talked all night   but it just flew by      
damn i can't get this girl out of mind        i wish time would have passed by slower when we talked all night   but it just flew by      
i wish she didn't just drop me off the face of her earth          
back seat driver!   driving me crazy!  just so you know i know where im going with my life
just answer me    
i'm at the point where i don't care where you are and where your going    
damn this day going to suck ass
when i see your face   not a thing i would change because your amazing the way you are     
some people call me the space cowboy    some people call me the love gangsta    some people call me <propmale>
if perfect is what your asking then don't change a thing  laugh 
it was no ones fault but mine   it was your heart on the line   i really fucked it up this time        didn't i my dear?
gobsmacked
when you think your in love you run out of coins and the little window closes       
when i see your face there is not a thing that i would change cause your amazing just the way you       and when you smile people stop saw for awhile cause your amazing just the way you are
feeling terrible    got the waste sore throat ever and a bad headache
don't be falling in love as she's walking away     
trying to catch that swiggly line in my eye sight     i look at but it always goes away      why do you run away swiggly line? why do you hide?
i just want to know if you miss when i'm gone
"hahaha    \wahoo! september 10th! you know what tomorrow is? party at my house! woot!\"""""
her lips her lips i kiss them all day if she let me     
its me and you against the world babe       get some sleep the war starts tomorrow
"she said i don't spend time like i really should    she said she don't know me, anymore    i think she hates me deep down, i know she does     she wants"
"to erase me hmmm    a couple days no talking, i seen my baby    and this what she tells me, she said: i keep on running, keep on keeping and nothing work"
el borto!!!!!
oh my fucking god!!! i hate this!!     i'm 3000 licks in and i'm still not to the center of a tootsie  pop v v
wahoo donating blood!  laugh 
i vote that <propmale> and <propfirst> should just eat <propfemale> and become a gay couple 
we made it!
"i want to see the new episode of jersey shore where \the situation\"" finds out he has skin cancer and syphilis"""
i saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by not getting any car insurance  laugh 
if tomato is a fruit doesn't that make ketchup a smoothie?
call of duty: stopping teen pregnancy since 2003
ugh i forgot to turn off my swag last night and when i woke up in the morning there bitches everywhere 
what was that guy that discovered milk doing with that cow anyway?
lost on the highway with two chicks trying to decide where to go d:
still lost on the road but also <propfirst> is asleep with a fry up he's nose  laugh  woman drivers!
<propfemale> just broke her head <propfirst> is still sleeping nhon is lost at the kemah boardwalk and <propfemale> saved my life at the dungeon of doom she's awesome and beast
"memories make me want to go back there, back there! all the memories make me want to go back there, back there! all the memories, how can we make it back there, back there! i want to be there again "
man can't wait till tomorrow  the new dlc undead red dead  laugh 
wish i can just steal you the sunset or the <propfemale> and i just give it to you  will you settle for my heart?
what a boring day
this weekend sux balls d:
why do i feel this shitty right now  not physically but emotional 
we live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police 
why do <propfemale>ns choose from just two people to run for president and fifth for miss <propfemale>?
"the voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!!"
"when in doubt, mumble  errmm uhh ghh grh"
some cause happiness wherever they go  others when they go 
with sufficient thrust pigs can fly just fine 
"i use to be indecisive ,but now i'm not sure "
does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
one day your life will flash before your eyes  make sure its worth watching 
"what is important in life is life, and not the result of life "
"dance like no one is watching, love like you'll never get hurt, sing like no one is listening, live like it's heaven on earth "
well this was a f-ing boring day 
"tragedy, sadness, loneliness, and despair taught me that life is really a beautiful thing; if it wasn't i wouldn't be able to recognize that anything was wrong "
grow old along with me the best is yet to be 
"it is better to remain quiet and be thought a fool, then to speak and no one have a doubt "
"they keep saying the right person will come along, i think mine got hit by a truck "
its just a temporary high because when i close my eyes i somewhere with you 
yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  while today is a gift  that's why they call it the present 
"if i went insane the type of behavior i would show is laughter  i would be the person laughing at death, and my own pain  the only way to get laughter insanity, is to have every last bit of your hope stolen before your eyes, and you reacting with a smile  laughter insanity is shown in many different ways  all around it means laughing at the odd, cofusing, painful, and problmes of yourself and others  amazing "
i can lead a nation with just a microphone 
does anybody got a sat study guide i can borrow?
the grand canyon was manmade right? and the pilgrims made the hoover dam right?
it's true i hurt too! remember i loved you!   i wish i could have quit you  i wish i never missed you! the future that we both <propfirst> and the shit we been through! obsessed with the thought of you the pain just grew and grew!
when i close my eyes i'm somewhere with you 
"once upon a time, nobody gave fuck"
i give it all just to ur have eternity cause its all that insures me  i'll give u my heart and i let u just hold it  i'll give u my soul but i already sold it 
i don't want set the world on fire  i just want to start a flame in your heart 
   but in my heart i'm always somewhere with you   
"no cheating   post this on your <propfemale> and see what people want from you  \inbox it smile  \1  a baby\2  another <propmale>\3 love\   4 kiss smile \   5 friendship\6 cuddle\7  long relantionship \8  good laugh \9  an apology \10  a <propmale> to be friends \11  a hug \12  be my friend\13  booty call\14  to go out with you"
hey does anybody know when 5 period starts tomorrow?
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night 
never going to back down from any poke battle!
words are not necessary they just cause more harm 
giving blood! woot!
me and <propfirst> bored here f-ing <propmale> and <propmale> ditching us!! fags!
hoping and praying for somebody
this is some bullshit
man i am seriously pissed right now  i just want a f-ing reason!
need to get my mind off stupid shit and me being sick  i think im going to kill some zombies 
just beat dead space 2 bitchen
watching the comebacks boring
weird that's what i thought about you a
i e playful loded today cause my friend ruined the best part of school   my jello cup
"\i traveled 5 hundred <propmale> to give you my seed!!\"" \""oh lumberjack!!!\"" \""arrrrgghhhhhh!!!!\"" lol"""
man today started out good but ended with me feeling like crap 
my god saw sucker punch last night  i mean i have seen some bad movies in my day but that was bad seriously terrible  dont watch this movie 
