516b3799bffc9c8c279f1d6bceed3c06
lol no car  no phone   what a teriffic way to start the new year
just saw shorts  lol dumb movie hahaha
sweet night laugh  lol
blehh what a day   scratch that  what a fucking week    lol
hellish day at work   time to relax and calm myself   smile  interview tomorrow!
ehhh my head annoyed  haha just got home lol
hahaha peopleofwalmart com its ridiculous! hahahahaha
eep! totally thought i had to work today   buttttttttttt i dont! yay
heroes!
ahh got pulled over annoyed  no ticket  but still terrifying
ehhh feel like shit sad 
woah! epic day hahaha
a clean room is a happy room lol smile 
i hate waking up from amazing dreams! damn!@ haha
lets make today a good day yeah smile 
longgggggggggggg day! eep same tomorrow just longer   eeka
by the wayyy i had a fabulous day! love 
thank god its friday   not! blehhh sad 
gahhh <propfemale> good to finally be home  
yay! <propmale> is victorious! roar!  love 
thousands of songs  gone   completely erased from my ipod  i could fucking kill something right now! fuck!  annoyed 
time for a game! lost all my music on my ipod  and im downloading tons of new music  yay!!! any reccomendations?
wow what a day   im truly exhausted  physically and mentally 
wonderfuckingtastic! love 
 smile  smile  smile  smile !
"really dont like people who lie   grrrr   other than that, this night shall be one to remember laugh   orrr to forget by the time i wake up tomorrow haha"
"great day night, but geeze! im wayyy too tired lol  smile "
geeze! hahaha smile 
finally some time to relax   first time in like a week 
dang  
so sore sad 
hmmm my ipod is starting to feel a bit more complete smile  smile  smile 
wonderfuckingtastic day  and what the hell is up with fb? haha weird!
ps   gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  its kinda like a roar yell kinda thing   haha
got my fingers crossed  
goodmorning world love 
halloween laugh 
"my day was, without doubt, better than yours   hahaha jk seriously tho  it was   love "
so many people on the freakin road at 2 in the am  almost didnt make it home! hahaha laugh 
ready to take over the freakin world! whos with me wink 
deep in thought at 3 in the am   
this whole not sleeping thing kinda sucks annoyed 
such a beautiful day  in many ways! only one thing could make this day better  ive got my fingers crossed smile 
i dont wanna babysit  i wanna go out! play mafia! hahaha! i look wayy too cute right now to be locked up inside playful 
goodmorning world love 
i want someone to keep me warm at night   pretty epic day lol
the best part of wakin up    wow theres nothing good about waking up this early  hahaha today's gonna be a good day love 
oh joy! it finally arrived! just seeing it brightened my day love 
who knew cleaning a room could be so relaxing! haha smile 
euphoric smile  smile  smile 
more awesome than <propfirst> shatner hahaha laugh 
happy hanukkah to all you jewish kiddios!
the <propfemale> and the frog=amazing movie smile 
white girl working at fili b's? what?! welcome to the end  bahahaha
peace az 
coming home tomorrow   thank goodness
yikes! what a day   lets not have another one like this for awhile please
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness   "
we used to be so <propmale>   then we turned 18 hahaha
6 more days  
fuck cars and all their troubles  
"fuck cars, being broke, stupid people, and hitmonchan  "
fuck crobat haha
yayihaveacaragain 
son of a bitch  im free smile 
chillin at hermosa beach  smile 
gahh fuck arizona  i don't ever wanna come back 
day 1 at coldstone= completely awesome!@
great weekend smile 
metalocalypse
creep 
don't wanna go home  
this state smells like cowshit 
"home  lets get me outta here, yeah?"
hakunamatata
"i hate when you wake up in the morning and youre like, fuck that shit really happened!\its like ut happened all over again"
i wanna play halo sososososo badly
ice cream truck just made my day smile 
off work surprisingly early!
i really severely want photoshop  
river! was so beautiful!
help! ive fallen on my shell and i cant get up!
halo and weed smile 
"im prayin for rain, im prayin for tidal waves   "
"super productive saturday  shit, super productive day, period "
it's awesome how people completely ignore traffic signs  
"bitches think theyre better than me  hah! in ten years, when theyre all working for me, we'll see whos better smile "
loving that i have nothing better to be doing than playing pokemon cards with my little sister smile 
i like how my mom treats my puppy like her favorite <propfemale>
fuck my life at 9 in the am
i didnt realize it was friday the 13th until i got hit by a truck
havent been this crazy in awhile smile 
robot rock! smile 
"surprise, here i come smile "
jesus strikes again laugh 
home   but is it really?
fuck my phone ii: the sequel annoyed 
the last excorsism=newfavoritemovie! hahahaha
"dont understand why everything i touch breaks, falls apart, spontaneously combusts, or turns to shit annoyed  dont touch me  "
 smile 
never played a video game so long in my life  slightly ridiculous  
fml at 530 in the am  thank <propmale> for monsters laugh 
time to draw that line between not worrying and not caring 
why accept reality when you can make your own?
great day for a 10 mile walk playful  wow i just did that
sunday on wednesday laugh 
27 days and i'm off to colorado smile  smile  can't fuckin wait!
"either stand tall, or sit the fuck down "
<propfirst> <propmale>'s through the wormhole ftw 
there is no yesterday  no tomorrow  only today  so live in it 
fushigi! does anyone have one? id very much like to play with one 
i'm comin home smile 
oficially home   for about 12 days hahaha
loves how people spend all this money on college then complain about how much it sucks  hahaha stfu! kthnx smile 
"yikes! got chased down by a large, hungry dog today   intense "
this is all becoming so real  one week  feeling on top of the world
"adios chandler  smell ya later playful \colorado bound smile "
lovin <propmale>  lovin americorps  lovin life
"i could stand to do without all the people i have left behind \what's the point in goin round when its a straight line, baby, a straight straight line"
haphaphap happyhappy halloween smile 
found out our teams! sofucking excited for spike laugh  lovin life!
"and if i failed, well then i failed \but at least i gave it a shot \\thankyou format smile "
snow  i'm in love smile 
"body hurts, covered in blood and ears ringing like a motherfucker  sounds like gwar and the casualties(  :"
"paint wars, the y, and secret treasure  rock on smile "
"to all of you reading this, i'm sooo thankful for you smile "
so g i use more alcohol as a chaser playful 
i like to walk on water smile  smile  smile 
hello new orleans laugh 
<propmale> phone breakage  shit  haha
missing headband alert annoyed 
goin down to az in a week smile  stoked
california christmasness? i think yes!
so good being home smile 
"az folks  i'm back in town  what's up! let's kickit \amerikids! how's break treating ya so far? smile "
"today will forever be known as the shit \the end"
