8ec2a34c33344aa14ef8b7c0e6ac26bd
is hoping that july 30th comes quickly    or that we close early    or something    i want my house!
wow  <propfirst> <propmale> died just now  rest in peace 
"is happy, despite my dog ignoring me "
is thinking that chai is necessary right now 
"knows that indian food is on the horizon  come on, lunch time!"
my dog is a toothless hamster killer  watch out!
"and so, the lesson of today is to not wash the foam contour pillows in a washer with an agitator  the outcome is a pillow that looks like it lost a fight with an alligator "
has a beauty of a dog who insists upon sitting on my foot
is wondering about her housewarming party  63 people in 2000-ish square feet of house    hmmmm    let's plant some people out in the yard!
is happy    and craving indian food 
has a plecostomus that insists on knocking snails off the aquarium wall and spitting rocks into the filter 
"note: facebook has agreed to let a 3rd party advertiser use your posted pictures without your permission  click on \settings\"" up where you see the log out link  select \""privacy settings\""  select \""news feeds and wall\""  select the tab that reads \""face book """
and her sweetheart just closed on a house they love!!!
<propfirst> and i are engaged!!!
craves sushi 
sigh! wedding dress shopping is tiring   but fun 
"wants to know: \where is a nice yet ine playful ensive place to get married and have a reception in the albuquerque area?\"""""
needs some coffee    with cinnamon!
requests that her clone study for the social work licensure exam 
is ready for steak!
"saturday is the day of the girl scout thin mint blizzard, also known as the glizzard to some of you "
wonders if she looks more like a <propfemale> keeper than a bride when she tries on veils 
is taking the social work licensure exam today 
passed the social work licensure exam with 2 hours to spare! rock on!!
wouldn't mind if any of you insisted on giving her an hour massage    just saying 
is a cover letter writing fool 
"no one should die because they can't afford health care, or go broke because they can't afford health care! if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"dear log-shaped animal, please stop licking the floor  i just cleaned it for the housewarming party "
housewarming party success  thanks to everyone who made it fantastic!
"has a pounding headache, so i'm trying to stay off the computer despite my addiction to the internet "
has figured out what's going on  i have a hangover  i can't believe it  one glass of chardonnay with dinner  one! wtf??
"remembers today the many victims of 9 11, including those who were lost in the towers and those who have been lost in years of aggressive military policies seeking retribution for an act that cannot be reversed "
"has pink walls, and she wants to paint them white (primer)  no color anymore, she wants them to turn white   "
wants to know if anyone knows a judge (in the albuquerque area) that will come to your location to officiate 
is chasing her dog and pinching his butt (just lightly) 
has an interview tomorrow!
got offered a job on the spot at her interview!!! wheeeeeeeee!!!
hopes <propfirst> feels better    and that i don't get sick either 
"is enjoying her boyfriend being at home, despite him being a bit under the weather "
is hoping for dessert    and coffee!
is wondering whether she wants to keep her last name or not    hmmm   
is a bit tired after her first day at work 
loves her dog but maybe not his smell 
likes her job  it's kind of nice to feel useful 
just signed a contract that says she's getting married at the albuquerque botanical garden's ceremonial <propfemale> garden!
wants to know if you know a great albuquerque wedding photographer 
has an event that is beginning to actually look like a wedding 
should stop thinking about creating a perfectly diversified investment portfolio and go to bed already 
is sick 
is sick and hoping that snuggling with the animal and blankets will make her better 
have a blessed samhain!!
is thinking about honeymooning in mexico    thoughts? suggestions? oaxaca? mexico city? puerto vallarta?
is angry with herself 
"is sick, and i'm keeping my cold at home on monday "
"would like to announce that my fiance may be in the running for boyfriend of the week  he went to get my prescription from the walgreens near my work (across town), brought me home some chicken soup for dinner, made me hot chocolate and gave me a foot rub "
"well, my fiance may be winning the boyfriend of the week, but my dog decided that it would be a good idea to drink my coffee while i ran to get a tissue "
"gobble, gobble, goo and gobble, gobble, giggle  i wish that turkey only cost a nickel "
turkey for the girls  turkey for the boys  my favorite kinds of pants are cordoroys 
"is not ashamed to say that she has rainbow lights on her bush, and all the neighbors are impressed!"
"you know you're a big sentimental weenie when you're sobbing by the first ten minutes of the movie, \up \"""""
does anyone know a good flower shop? i'm looking for a place where i can order my wedding bouquet 
"before you attempt something that can really f*ck up your back, give yourself a preview of the results by lighting yourself on fire "
"dear animal, please stop kicking me  you've trained me to only sit on this small square of the couch  must i scoot over more?"
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
has an awesome job  social workers rock!
freedom is never having to wear pants---especially if you are doing house renovations!
"dear <propmale>,  you and the weather gods can make it snow all you want in <propmale>, but you're messing with me and albuquerque with your plain bad aim "
so here's a question to the straight women: would you take your partner's last name if you married him? why or why not?
"while my fiance is fighting with <propmale> the eagle, i'm looking for tea with <propmale> the goat "
"gets married really, really soon  44 days soon  woohoo!"
"<propfirst> had me go through an easter egg hunt throughout our house to surprise me with the letter scramble message \1 big green egg\"" we're getting a kick ass barbecue grill and tandoor!!!! yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"""
"my church is my breakfast table, set with an offering of blackberry waffles, strong coffee, and orange juice  the furry black-robed priest snuggles with our feet as we share a communion of sweet looks, warm touches, and murmers of the morning  it's a traditional easter "
has had a big green egg success! yay for my new grill!
"has 17 more days to check \single\"" on questionairres with marital status items """
bring on the moose-ness! the honeymoon has been booked!
has decided on her name 
"so <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce,   <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst>   and tiger woods are well        you know      newt gingrich is on his   third marriage, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to   destroy the institution of marriage?? really?? feel free to copy and   paste if you agree!"
will be ms  treibel in 3 days!
"had her first bridezilla moment  no, my dry cleaners, you do not need to clean my wedding dress in the moonlight, as it is caressed by dancing virgins  it's a plain raw silk dress  get er done!"
was the bride in the most beautiful wedding to the most wonderful partner!
"it's so surreal to have the wedding over! we're married, and i'm signing sometimes as treibel and sometimes as flores     this is going to take some getting used to!"
<propfirst> and i made calzones tonight  yum!
"indian food on the grill  yeah, we rock "
"happy mothers' day to all the mothers out there,\ whether your children are two-legged or four-legged and furry  \although, i suppose some mothers have children that are two-legged and furry   \ nevermind  happy mothers' day!"
is slow smoking a chicken    it's barbecue time!
"loves her partner, back massages, and hot chocolate, probably in that order "
"married life is just like single life, only now people ask me if i'm pregnant  bizarre "
loves that she has chosen a foodie partner!
"just finished the pork butt rub! since barbecue season started, we've had one-track minds "
has too much stuff to do before the honeymoon  will someone please go to work for me while i get all my last minute items? you'll have my undying affection 
"is either having an allergy moment or a sinus infection (and the doc has no idea either way!)  in any case, i'm hoping this will be cleared up before the honeymoon begins  i don't want to see moose and sound like one too "
feels like poo  hopefully <propfirst> will come home to take care of me soon 
loves her husband 
is going on the honeymoose   er   honeymoon 
wants the three day weekend to begin now  oh well 
"pizza making is on the horizon  welcome, long weekend!"
"has her honeymoon footage posted! no, not that type of footage "
"monsieur sun, you have been overly zealous today  my car's thermometer registered 109  you need a break from albuquerque  i hear australia calling you  go over there "
it feels odd when you call sci to report abuse and neglect so often that you are starting to know the operators and greet them on friendly terms 
"will probably end up putting the veterinarian's grandkids through grad school at this point, but i love my dog  he needs to feel better soon "
"dear mommy feelings, please go away until a more convenient time  thanks "
"quote from my beloved: \diablo is much more challenging when you're intoxicated \"""""
has a wonderful husband who brought her home a <propfirst>'s devil  mmmmmmmm!
is delightfully not pregnant!
"well, at least the dog enjoyed the <propfemale> garden's salmon dish   "
the big green egg is getting fired up! pizza with our homemade sauce from our garden vegetables!
has a wonderful husband who is making her dessert after he made dinner and landscaped the yard 
"holy eggwhite, batman!"
had some fantastic chianti over dinner   and then the lights went out! yeeeeeeee!
is pissed 
"autumn begins today, at 10:22pm? how did we get so precise? \\ding! autumn's here!"
"the goat at the fair stole my cup of food and tried to eat it, cup and all  awww    it's like falling in love all over again "
wants to know if anyone else blushes when they see those shake weight commercials 
"loves, loves, loves october!"
has a dishwasher on life support 
the dishwasher lives!
"my mother asked me when we are having babies    good lord, it's beginning already!"
"was having a really romantic indian dinner with her husband, while at a nearby table, a couple was attempting to both eat dinner and plead with their little daughter to not run around the restaurant  it made me think that maybe it's a really good thing to have a few years between now and the parenting stage!"
"has a husband that was willing to build a fire in the woodstove in honor of my love of the halloween ambiance  no, it's not a dark and <propfemale> night, but he lovingly pretends it is (and is probably sweating like a pig) "
best  holiday  ever 
"challenge: post something you are thank for \everyday until thanksgiving \\i am thankful for my master's degree "
"challenge: post something you are thank for everyday\ until thanksgiving \\i am thankful for my husband \\i am thankful for my dog "
is thankful that she has a home 
"i am thankful for warm, fuzzy slippers "
"i am thankful for birth control  tomorrow, i will be very thankful for painkillers "
is very very thankful for my <propfemale> cycle tea and painkillers  the iud is in!
"is thankful for her mom  yay, mom!"
is very thankful that i am sleeping safely and soundly in my bed tonight  it's because of you all veterans out there on watch that i can do that  thank you all 
is thankful that she has a roaring fire in the wood stove and a cup of cocoa to enjoy with her <propfemale> family 
"is thankful for having been born into the particular race, class, country, and socioeconomic status that has allowed me to have privileges that i did not earn myself  while i do not condone the violence in history that led to my privilege, i want to take a moment to recognize those who have bled, sweated, and cried to produce the luxuries that i enjoy "
is thankful for archer  i love that show 
i am thankful that my husband and i have our jobs 
i am thankful for hot tea on a cold evening 
i am thankful for a healthy family 
is thankful for four day weekends 
is thankful that she has not lost her sense of humor or liberal use of the f-word 
"is happy to report that she was not one of those \crazy people standing outside in the freezing ass cold waiting for a \store to open "
"is watching jesus camp  it reminds me of my \childhood  dear god, indeed "
"has a cold, but she has a lovey dog warming her lap by her feet  cold nose! warm heart!"
is wrapped up in a blanket and drinking hot chocolate on this cold night 
"six days until christmas left, and zero presents purchased  yikes "
"the presents are bought and wrapped, and the stockings are stuffed  now, let's hope the dog doesn't tear down his stocking to get to the treats "
happy faintly disguised pagan holiday 
"watching the chapelle show with my <propfemale> family  finally, it's christmas the way i want it "
babies  babies  everywhere  it must be something in the water 
"best quote of the day: \\[i am] amazed at how something like being unable to clasp a necklace can start your day in a funk  but then after i accidentally dropped the necklace i looked down and saw my amazing rack - then things started to seem better \"" (courtesy of <propfirst> spraker)"""
"is drunk    and being served cocoa  yay, husband!"
"loves penn and teller's \bullshit \"""""
and her husband just made whole wheat blueberry scones  awesomeness with awesome sauce 
"was sad to discover that her neighborhood considers a goat as \livestock\"" and would therefore not allow her to have an urban goat for her backyard """
"true test of maturity: you don't giggle when someone mentions gobbler's knob \\result: fail"
is becoming an auntie as we speak 
<propfirst> was born at about 5 o'clock this evening  yay!
happy <propfirst>'s day: bring on the sex and booze 
has had it with 10 and 12 hour days  ugh!
brownies    mmmmmm!
poll: what is the best age for a female to have a baby? why?
craigslist be praised! we bought sexy couches 
