1828c8b79372446d93c7a69781e5bdc9
"happy new year, may 2010 be even better "
can't help but wonder if i'm making a huge mistake   
feels an odd disconnect with the rest of the world 
has too much heat and not enough water 
is the cause to all your problems  0 smile 
there is nothing good about life if there is nothing bad 
"lost her phone, goddamnit"
"i cannot believe my eyes, how the world's full of filth and lies "
"today, though i had my old phone hooked up after losing my new phone, i am clumbsy and broke the old phone  fml "
finally fixed her keyboard!
vegan orange <propmale> cornmeal waffles: pretty darn tasty!
listen all ya'll it's a sabotage!
"i've got a lot to say, just make sure you want to hear it"
"you don't know shit, and you're not shit  don't take that the wrong way, that was meant to cheer you up "
tonight: dethklok dethklok dethklok dethklok
hates writing  hates 
got hit on at work by a customer  it was all sorts of awkward 
brraaaaaainss
is back from baltimore!
can't stand laying in bed anymore  it's the suck 
hates being sick  sad 
knows how it feels to be second best 
is spending thanksgiving with cats  cats need thanksgiving love too!
is broke as a joke
hearts almond milk!
my co2 emission lies between 0-5 1 ton per year    i think that's pretty good 
was taught how to enter into the world of witchcraft by pokemon 
is a fool in love 
is boooored in milwaukee  any ideas of what to do?
"happy 2011 kids, what should my new year's resolution be?"
"come on magic 8-ball, another \ask again later\"" please!"""
white
is going to be in west bend on tuesday and wednesday   cry
"was so bored at work, i <propfirst> a watch on my wrist with my end time on it  it did not help diminish the boredom "
has the day off! yay!
"was just hit on by a man who was at least three times my age, probably older @_@"
butter pecan soy ice cream: i've never felt so old lady-ish and avant-garde at the same time
sexual frustration is frustrating!
biking home from work in 17 degrees and 15 mph winds is a lot more fun than one would think
"ipad, do want"
my glasses have been found! it's a hungover miracle!
pudding  love 
i am reading a solid 1 on the hurns scale right now 
"sushi tomorrows? <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, i'm looking at you!"
seahorses forever 
self control is over-rated
"pee takes precedence  keep that in mind, kiddies "
i want to go home 
spring break!
"i give myself very good advice, but i very seldom follow it  will i ever learn the things i should?"
is going back to the start 
relationships are bullshit! i don't care if i am ever in one again or ever have sex again for that matter 
"found a peanut, found a peanut, found a peanut just now, just now i found a peanut, found a peanut just now "
i hate parking tickets! x(
"i have a solar tattoo! it's a tramp stamp i like to call \sunrise over a full moon\"""""
my phone is dead and it won't recharge  annoyed \
messing around on a ipad at the apple store  smile 
"no one is at my house, i am boooored"
my pos cell phone won't charge  hurns 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  love 
die die die! kill die killkilldiekilldiediediediekilldiekillkill
smash anyone?
"needs to borrow the tardis, the delorean, or a stray black-hole  any got an extra available?"
the only band that i would actually want to see at summerfest is playing the same exact night as <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s wedding  hurns 
is stressing out about other friends crazy relationships! whee!
is the coolest 
is a lesbian 
found jesus!
"someone rang my doorbell  i snuck up to the window, peeked out, and i didn't recognize him, so i scurried away!"
has decided to go see <propmale> of persia  anyone up for it?
is straight 
won the legend of zelda: ocarina of time   master quest! i knew there was a very good reason for buying a gamecube  joyful 
is the bad wolf 
wanted: girl desperately seeking guy to share romantic adventure  must love zombies 
clean cup! clean cup! move down! move down! move down!
real life: more interesting than facebook  go figure 
being harassed on the indiana toll-way by two guys in a hummer was just one interesting story from the weekend 
is the kind of tired you can feel in your bones 
has a beautiful new baby niece! i'm so excited to play barbies with her  love 
wants it to be christmas!
has legs up to here
found her camera! picture tiem!
is a saaaaaad panda 
anyone else just not feel like wearing clothes today?
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world  tomorrow 
"will break your legs, snap off your head "
"for reasons that have yet to be understood, i really want to play rock band  \let's make this happen 8|"
"8o\other m\ surprise  why don't i own a wii?!?!?"
"i didn't mean to hurt you\i didn't know what i was doing\but i know what i have done"
\toyota recalls the matrix! personally i think they should've recalled the sequals," they sucked\""\"1828c8b79372446d93c7a69781e5bdc9,got me a new pair of <propmale> taylors   smile 
"everyone should grow 6\ so i don't have to feel like a freak when wearing high heals!"""
i climbed a tree today  it was brilliant!
i am in love with cats and the sound of rain on the roof 
"truck, truck, truck"
"you are what you love, not what loves you"
why is cold medicine so awful?!
was it real?
i feel like a shit head  annoyed \
took my adderall too late in the day    but who really needs sleep anyway?
"drinking a hot toddy, mmmmm! :9"
i like it on the desk 
"why do i live so far away from my friends?  sad \okay, i know why, but why does it have to suck so much?"
climbing practice tomorrow  love 
speak of the devil and he doth appear   
has equipped awesome wool grandpa pants +5 to cold defense 
i think i'm being ignored  sad 
done with class    now what?
"could someone drill a hole through my skull, scramble up my brain and suck it out with a straw? i'm not asking if it's possible, i'm asking is someone could please do that "
"had a pretty awesome halloween, thanks everyone who had parties i attended! you did a great job  smile "
why aren't there save points and resets in real life?
i voted today and all i got was a lousy sticker 
"i'm a feminist, not a misandrist: if i get pissed off about some guy saying that all women can do is suck <propmale>, i think i'm fully justified "
"is too stubborn  i've already lost the race, but i'll keep running until my heart gives out "
"i've come to realize that when i get angry, i yell a lot about how people are dumb  i think i am really a bitter old man at heart "
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3 my first memory of you  4  what animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give    you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this 
"i just got the same exact fortune twice! \investigate new possibilities with friends  now is the time!\"" what are you trying to tell me fortune cookie?! what?!"""
i'm going to pittsburgh! wish me luck on my competition!
"had a blast in pittsburgh! i'm looking forward to next year's tci e playful o in hartford, ct "
trying to refocus my anger and frustration into something positive    augh 
is it really midnight?! wft?
last person standing on thanksgiving and it's only 8 surprise 0 pm  suuuuuuck  annoyed \
argh!!! my little brother stole back his speakers! booooo laptop speakers =|
no one kill anyone or i'm going to kill everyone!
play-doh oddish! can you handle that?!
some times i do want to be taller than everyone: so you can all cower under my glare! mwahahaha!
i know i shouldn't have but i got myself an early christmas present  smile 
"i have noticed because of the new profile layout, that most of my most recent pictures are of me in trees, lol  i'm not sure yet if this is a good thing or a bad thing "
"do di do di do, i should be writing a short paper, instead i am wasting time on facebook la di da di da"
made it home alive! f-you snow!
"i need someone to force me to have social interactions without a computer    yes, facebook seemed like the best place to post this "
<propmale> goûts et <propmale> couleurs ne se discutent pas
"soooo tired, but totally worth it "
got a wii for christmas  joyful 
is blueish 
not in a party mood   
is afraid of screwing up    have i already screwed up?  annoyed  gah!
is the father 
"i realized i was getting sick, i didn't realize it was gonna be this bad "
"got to go snowboarding for the first time in 5 years! of course i busted up my knee, but it was so worth it, lol "
"for anyone trying to text or call me: my phone is dead and my younger brother pulled apart my phone charger   annoyed \ i apologize, my little brother is going to get me a new charger soon   annoyed "
thank you mountain dew for helping me get home safely  now let me go to bed!
"i've been having a bad, bad day  come on, won't you put that pad away  i'm asking you please no! it isn't right, it isn't fair! there was no parking anywhere, i think that hydrant wasn't there  why can't you let it go!? i think i've paid more than my share! i'm just a poor girl don't you care? hey, i'm not wearing underwear   "
dilemma: amke and uwm's drag show are the same weekend   
spent most of the day in bed  it couldn't be helped 
keep fighting until we can't
"it's nearly 50 degrees outside, time to go for a run!"
"dear mother nature,\eat a dick \sincerely,\my truck"
even i am baffled by how short my attention span can be 
money!
