aabb9b0bdd01f8d21d8773f7cea5058b
"everyone, for now, until i am personally online at home, please stop sending farmville requests and others   i don't have enough time to do them right now   thanks!"
"i added some of my own speed paintings on youtube under icyttic, they were fun to make, and hopefully fun for you to watch   drop me a line and tell me what you think"
"i have a son who still never ceases to amaze me when it comes to the awesome individual that he is, and for the first time in my life, i have found true love and happiness with a wonderful man "
"http annoyed  www chatarmy net icy register on my site today! registration is free! play classic games like pacman, frogger, space invaders, etc  start blogging today! more member items are being added  be 1 of the first 20 to register and recieve special permissions  grow with icy-bytes com!"
i found cousin <propfemale>          
my brother is simply jealous         
my website url is now active  http annoyed  www icy-bytes com
watching x-men origins
lol
happy easter to all
i feel like stirring it up      just a little!
"for those who wish to visit us, please call first, no surprise dropins!  380-0523!"
"got a nice beer buzz going on!  yo to muh homies scattered all over the globe!  hey hey hey, to my peeps in russia and the uk!"
"these two days off have been wonderful for will and i   he's my best friend, and i love & adore him!"
"was offline for a week, am back now         sorry for any slow responses!"
some people are completely clueless       
people should quit hurting one another          
"i just posted pics of our garden, everything is growing now    check out our sunflowers!"
"i started a new perscription medication today called fuckitall \bite me!"
momma <propfirst> has spoken!  i shun the naysayers!
control is an illusion 
sleep dark my friends
have a nice day everyone!
thanks everyone for the happy birthday!  love you all!
happy fathers day to all the dads out there 
my co-workers are cool
"free falling by <propmale> petty                       3 simple chords               capo on 3rd fret               d,g, and a"
"monday we start our little road trip, will be glad when it's over "
visit my website and sign the guest book          it's kinda empty because i just added it  http annoyed  www icy-bytes com
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=k7x7szzsxys
"i want to continue smiling at perfect strangers, and sending them the silent acknowledgment, that they are not alone "
"the demonic weeds have overthrown the garden, and i must find the courage to defeat them and win it back before it's too late   wish me luck!  i plan to attack them early in the morning whilst they slumber bwahahahhaha "
my website guest book is kind of bare! please visit my website and sign my guest book!
can't sleep!
"never e playful ect more from others, than you are willing to give of yourself "
"the\ absolute best vegetables to help speed up weight loss are green \vegetables- collard greens, spinach, swiss chard, brussels sprouts, \broccoli, cabbage "
"strawberries,\ raspberries and blueberries are at the top of the list when it comes to\ helping speed up weight loss  you might be worried about the calories in strawberries but you need to realize there are only 74 per cup and those are the calories you want  there are even fewer calories in raspberries  they will give you energy, make you feel great and help burn off fat very quickly "
"barley - barley is high in fiber and helps your body metabolize fats and\ cholesterol   you can use barley as a grain or as a breakfast cereal "
ugh i can't sleep!
wow!  i used to be really thin!!!!
there the black and white looks better      the color quality of that photo isn't all that great 
"you monkeys (humans), only think that you are running things     "
"it's not the depth of the rabbit hole that bugs me   \\it's all the rabbit sh*t you stumble over on your way down!!!"
"got my hair cut and muh eyebrows done yesterday, it looks betta   the hair is in more control now, and the caterpillars that were sleeping on my forehead have been slaughtered "
oh and will loves it!
had to do the black and white thing
i hate being sick         
"mojo has his moment as a profile pic too, ya know!"
"i miss everyone, will be back online soon!"
i am back online now      
"just sitting here, accomplishing absolutely nothing "
"oh i am digging this \book of thoth\"" forum       lol"""
have a doc appoitment at 2pm      hopefully they can help me out and fix my issue!
http annoyed  www youtube com user krittybean#p u 1 t66_8nzxu4s
will be glad when the pain stops completely   the evil gall bladder has been banished from the land of <propfirst> 
happy holidays to everyone!
i miss my family and other loved ones       the christmas blues have me tonight
omg i found my old friend dorist on facebook!  woohoo!
i am stuck in quiz mode              damn my morbid curiosity!
having a good day  and am looking forward to getting back to work this weekend   two weeks off after having that stupid surgery has been annoying   soon everything will be back to normal!
happy new year everyone!
"check out my website, and be sure to sign my guestbook!  http annoyed  www icy-bytes com"
"i need to avoid emotional vampires   goodbye little sister, it's been real "
"what is the cause for the massive bird and fish deaths around the world, all in the year 2011?  apparently smaller instances of this has happened over the years, but this is the worst yet   what do you think?"
my site has finally been moved to the new server        finally!  and at a great price!
"and for those of you who want to dog <propfemale>, more than likely, your favorite musicians were <propfemale> fans!"
"it's amazing what we are taught to believe about ourselves and the world around us       sometimes the things we are taught to believe are not always positive   it's also amazing how very difficult it is to convince yourself that there is so much more to life, beyond what you were conditioned to believe   some people stay trained, while others spend their lives fighting it off   which type are you?"
"a stick of ram went bad on my pc, nice!  so working with my <propmale> programs and such is proving to be          well                          not very productive"
"if you and your child (even best friend, or lover) were drowning, who would you save first?"
annoyed
"i am somebody, even if in your world, i am nothing            "
"enjoy the power you have over me now, for it will all change soon    "
"if i am around you, and you are feeling stressed out, don't take it out on me       "
visit my website and sign the guest book!  http annoyed  www icy-bytes com
"with some luck, i will be in college within a few months or so!  cross your fingers for me "
my compass test is thursday            ugh
never e playful ect from others what you are not willing to give of yourself 
