02dacbb92f3b223f989dab9f92597d72
"i need new pictures   plus, facebook sucks "
i'm starting a band  who's with me?
"suffers from a lack of technology, good advice and foresight, bills, time and taco <propfemale>  see ya'll (did i really just use that word?) on here in a couple weeks  deuces "
"leaving for fort <propmale> wood, mo  in a week for reclass training  can't wait to suck down tons of cs gas and puke my guts out, nom nom nom  be back around the 19th "
i really want to say something intelligent right here  it doesn't surprise me that nothing comes to mind 
is ignoring you 
"nothing spells fun like being out of state, rushing to the airport to make your flight before you land home prior to a 13 hour drive to another state the very next day and then realising you lost your f-ing wallet! but oh wait   you missed your flight and happen to search your bag for something else and stumble on your wallet  nice "
"what rolls down stairs, alone or in pairs, and over your neighbor's dog?"
did you know?- that the american national anthem <propfemale> (not the words) is taken from a pornographic drinking song from a small british gentlemens club?
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met 
you know you've got an awesome job when you can sit comfortably and watch a 12 hour marathon of <propfemale> wars 1-6   and get paid for it 
"gliese 581 g  anybody else heard about this new planet? scientists are concluding odds of life existing at 100%, as well as being habitable "
it's not about what you possess; it's about what you know you have and how it makes you feel  i hope you feel good 
"no, i'm not ignoring you all  i no longer have internet and my phone is changed "
birthday? denied!
"i have such great people in my life! thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes  now pool your money together and get me a gift, you bums  ha, i'm kidding  or am i? no, i am    "
"michigan vacation is over  thank you to all my family, and i love you very much  to my friends that i was able to see and that took the time to, thank you and i love you all too, you're awesome  i had a great 15 days, more than i could have hoped for  it reminded of just how amazing things are  it was a great send-off before i deploy  i wish i had more time to share with everyone, but i'm grateful for the time i had "
"the vast majority of the nation is buried in snow resulting in millions of dollars of damage and personal hardship  here, in louisiana, the temp drops to about 20 and it snows for all of 5 minutes  doesn't even stay on the ground  apparently this is just to much, so the governor declares a state of emergency  seriously? derp!"
what the world needs now is more dub step 
who wants to be my battle <propmale> friday? it's going to be a loooong and busy day  i gives cookieeeeeee      smile 
"tomorrow's wake-up time: 4am  on the road by 5am to arkansas  6 hour drive to an army school for 2 weeks; which, by the way, i still do not have official orders for  however, i was told to go anyway  it'll be interesting to see how that plays out  they'll either let me stay or send me away  either way- road trip!"
<propfemale>'s last ww i veteran <propfirst> buckles- r i p 
"i need some new music before i go play in the sandbox  that place can leave you out of touch with what's \hip\"" and \""cool\"" \",02dacbb92f3b223f989dab9f92597d72,"is the victim of another bad haircut  on the upside, at least there is hair to cut "
"9 days and a wake-up left for pre-mobilization training  some loooooong days, but good training  i'm now e playful ert qualified with rifle, grenade and  50 cal  licensed on almost every vehicle, e playful losives and combat life saver certified  not to mention dozens of other training courses racked up  booyah "
it's really hard to stay positive about life when it seems to be treating you like a punching bag 
