3ba1b1a6098dd0aeb878e71dc76957bd
i get ot see my baby tomorow!!!
i miss him so much already
i hate this place!!!!!!!
i finally get my own room friday!!!!!!
i really hope i pass the permit test on monday!! well i need to find a ride first! wish me luck cause i sure need it!! 3rd times the charm right??
today i am in a very bad mood
wanting to get my permit!!!!!
i did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
moved in yay!!!!!!!!!!!!
my belly button is peirced
belly button itches!!!!
haha silly
my baby is coming to see me!!!
hehe
basketball starts on the 16
why did this happen
ready for it to get better
he left  sad 
im bring sexy back hehe
very bored i need something to do!!!
anyone wanna <propfemale> out this weekend??????
"a guy sticks his location in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation  do you get my e playful lanation, or do you need a demonstration?(;"
"a guy sticks his location in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation  do you get my e playful lanation, or do you need a demonstration?(;"
going to spot light for my sisters skate show
i want a shower and bed      wanna join baby?
omg hottness!!!!!!
why is it when you like someone that they never like you back??
"a guy sticks his location in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation  do you get my e playful lanation,or do you need a demistration??"
"a guy sticks his location in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation  do you get my e playful lanation,or do you need a demistration??"
"a guy sticks his location in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation  do you get my e playful lanation,or do you need a demistration??"
of my 4 new pictures which should be my main pic???
bored!!!!!!!
omg i dont think i have ever been turned down  but i guess there is a first for everything  but oh well i hope he has fun with the girl he wants  his lost on this
going to dq tomorrow     yay
i had to get my bellybutt repieced  now it hurts worse then it did the first time i go tit done
!!!!i love you!!!!
about to write people letters          so i need addresses please       smile 
my throat still hurts     tear
hoping this guy will come see me      cause he is awsome
about to head to work in like 20 minutes      boooo       but ill make it fun
home home sweet home    yay people talk
last day of work for this week             yayayayayayayayay
i got a new phone and a new number     i miss you guys from ryla
anyone want to come over tonight????
i made money today      yayay i will be able to go get my laptop for my birthday
i want to take a nap!!!!
i dont feel to good   sad 
work here i come!!! then a marry <propfemale> party!!! sweet
anyone wanna go to the fair with me sunday???
drinking wild <propfemale> pepsi
about to watch movies   
anyone wanna do something today????
oh my gosh            i caught a fish            we could of ate it to        yayay me
i got my schedual
what is the deal i cant get on cafelife and i cant im on the thing
cant wait till this weekend
im not feeling to well
made it home safe     had tons of fun at the ryla reunion  i miss you guys already
i work everyday this week except sunday
just got home from mcdonalds and seeing lizzy
i turn 17 in 27 days
i think im going to delet my account
man i cant find him
seeing if my friends can come and spend the night for my birthday
yay they can spend the night  smile 
wow one bad day then another  yay me  i cant even have my birthday
i dont live  with my mom anymore
study hall first hour
im 17 now yyayayayayayayy
my finger hurts
step one is finished  now i just have to wait and see what he does so step 2 in process
i had a good day today       yayayayayayayayayy  smile 
i really wanted to tell him but he didnt talk to me today
omg i road a moter bike for the first time  it went like 5mph but it scared me to death  but its okay im still alive  smile 
tomorrow is friday      yayayayayay
my throat hurts  sad 
i'm so warm!! you can tell that i am still sick and getting worse
went to the doctoe and they said i have an ear infection  and sence i have came home i puked 2 times  i am just miserable
riplies believe it or not
i need to do my homework tomorrow
"hell i'll do it! bring on the likes people!\you 'like' this status, i'll write on your wall and tell you what i like about you! even if i don't know you, in which case i'll do some facebook stalkin' to find out what i like!  smile  if you're brave and like makin' others' day, you'll re-post this as your status! smile "
i might go see tangled on friday  yay  hope everyone has a great thanksgiving 
loved the parade last night  afterwards i went to <propfemale> buffe with my family  we had tons of fun
my sister is sick and has a temp   sad 
starting to feel sick  its went around the house so it seems to be my turn now  the one day flu yay
<propfemale> christmas
no restrictions on my driving anymore
i learnt how to snowboard today  yay
planning on going to nc july 4th-11th  hope my mom says yes  smile 
found ryla pictures
how can you call someone a friend if you never <propfemale> out with them  you say hi in the hallway and maybe eat lunch with them  but to me that just seems like someone you know  not someone you would want to share your secrets with 
finally got to do something  smile 
anyone wanna go to the movies with me this weekend?
"hell i'll do it! bring on the likes people!\you 'like' this status, i'll write on your wall and tell you what i like about you! even if i don't know you, in which case i'll do some facebook stalkin' to find out what i like!  smile  if you're brave and like makin' others' day, you'll re-post this as your status! smile "
gunna buy the movie howls moving castle
excited for next term
work yay
i have my labtop and can use it in my room!!! yayayayay
my fingers are all colorful now  my shirts look great!!
i finished all of the snow week shirts!!!!
gunna see i am number 4 at 3 p m  yayayayay bring on the hot boys     hahahah
the situation has arrived
finished all of my cupcakes for my 2nd hour  sorry 1st hour i wont be able to bring anything cause i dont have enough tubawear 
really sick
going to st  cloud for the rest of spring break  going to look at my college   smile 
met a cute boy  smile  but he's shy 
"lexi said: we are having home made mac&cheese with hambergurer in it \oh and lexi is home yayayayayayya"
<propmale> presley - heartbreak hotel
special olympics life gaurd tomorow  smile 
writing essays to go on a tour to washington d c 
excited next month is going to be busy  i get to make 3 cakes for the american bake sale  life gaurding for girl scouts!!! im excited  smile 
watching lost boys     being bored
feeling icky  i hate this cold very much
getting my sunglasses tomorow     hopefully  smile 
then new facebook pics
"got my glasses  thinking what should?? i get to go 4wheeling next sunday anyone wanna go with me?? oh and i got to go 4wheeling today it was fun i hit 55 mph  and got to go threw so puddles with my brother, dad, and cousin <propmale>  we had tons of fun "
excited for tomorow!!! cant wait!!
