0814958574c3e2ef2f60272de09f457c
why is it once you commit to something something better comes along?
"live, learn, change, grow"
"tick tock tick tock waiting for work to be out, it's like waiting for the <propfemale> to ring at school, can i go yet?"
"alright here we go, the start of a four day stretch at work  how do i get through it? the hope of a better tomorrow and a great weekend!"
my little green <propfemale> makes me happy
"where <propmale> thou green <propfemale>? you came and went so fast, shall i sit and wait for your return forever? my precious green <propfemale>, my life line, my drug, oh green <propfemale>, come back to me "
"life is fun, enjoy it while you're young and able, jump in and don't look back"
"finally went shooting for the first time yesterday, woot, it was alot of fun, shot my first 22 rifle    i hope i go again soon, hit a few targets so all in all a great first time "
"life is a roller coaster, no matter how hard you try to equalize it, there are always ups and downs, take a deep breath, hold on tight, and enjoy the ride - try not to vomit "
"so i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop  why is it when you're finally happy something has to rip it away? i'm going to keep fighting for what i want and eventually i will get it   time, space, and stupidity are my enemy right now "
"truth be told, you can find somebody to love in any town in the world, no matter how small or how big; you will never be alone unless you let yourself be "
omg 5 more hours of work and this is only day 1 of 4    sucks ass   
"it's amazing how much people change! different stages of life  ive always been a late bloomer but those are the best, i'm catching up and in full swing "
check out my new pics 
"omg this night can't go any slower, three more hours and i'm out of here! nap time "
omg 30mins left in this shit hole
"that's it, i miss my green <propfemale>, i'm going to go make new friends and get my green <propfemale> back "
"shit, i need a damn vacation out of this place  so if i take three days off of work i can have ten days off in a row, where shall i go and whos paying? lol"
"i'm losing my mind, oh wait, i think i already lost it, yup it's gone, once i stepped foot on this unholy ground my mind was gone, give me three more days and i'll be back to myself "
"ok, million dollar question  it's 0300 and you work 12 hour nights; is it to late at night or to early in the morning?"
another day another dollar; make that money
less than 12 hours of work left    what am i going to do with my days off?
"omg 6 more hours then i get to be home for three days  going to take my puppies swimming, if they don't jump in on their own i'm throwing them in, lol  i love them, my <propfemale> will swim with me all day  i can't wait!!!"
5 more hours
"4 more hours, what to do what to do  actually it turns into 3 more hours because i have stuff to do the last hour so it makes time go alittle faster although not hard nor does it take much brain power  i need some mental stimulation instead of sitting infront of the computer screen getting more stupid "
"so i guess i'll just keep commenting here whatever pops in my mind  right now i'm thinking the clock is ticking very slowly, also that i'm losing my mind and will soon need a bed myself, and lastly that this doggie class ive signed up for - assuming yavapai doesn't cancle it - could prove to be very entertaining "
so i totally just missed my mouth and got water on my shirt 
3 more hours
"omg i can't believe it, 1 hour left "
is there anybody out there? 35 more mins then i'm outta here!
vacation ideas anyone? looking at beginning of aug 
"one more hour then eat, pass meds, finally go home, shower, pack, and start driving to phx    can't wait!"
"so on our way to benson, stopped in phx for cici's pizza -not bad- then the trucks  battery took a shit   new one in place now back on the road "
phone and truck battery took a shit - one more to go! everything seems to come in threes 
"so funny story of the day  i have yet to get my ring sized that my bf got (not engagment) and while tossing out some trash near the square, it fell in "
"half a shift done, 2 5 to go!"
"i guess i should do some homework now    what's worse, sitting in boredum or doing homework?"
girl scout cookie time! one of everything please 
"wow, watching sex changes on the phone is bizarre, frightening, disgusting, but fascinating all at the same time  you want to stop watching but can't  wish i could see this in the operating room – amazing what you can do with the human body "
i need a mental health vacation
is life a big game of always picking the lesser of two evils? do you always have to settle for second best? why can't you have your cake and eat it too?
omg 2 more hours
i'm falling asleep over the keyboard 
"i miss my friends from work  so lonely, only left with memories which will fade as time goes on  a fleeting heartwarming adventure left shattered in the quake of mystery  much like love, starting out with an e playful losion of inviting warmth and invigoriating e playful loration only to have the fallout smash tears against the desintegrating memories "
"where is my green <propfemale>? cry  i remember a time when my green <propfemale> never disappeared, always someone to talk to  now i have to fight just to see it once a week "
and now we sit and wait for 6 smile 0 am 
3 more hours
have you ever been so happy that you are off work that you almost cried?
you know by the time i finally take a vacation it will be ww3 
another night almost over = good  once again no homework completed = bad 
"worker ants spend their days hunting for food and supplies to provide for the masses  they care for the young, and insure the continuation of their species by keeping the <propfemale> <propfemale> happy  are humans so different? we scurry through our day, often mindlessly, making money at work, doing chores, feeding the kids, keeping the family happy, continuing the human race by following our basic instincts  opinions?"
i feel like a zombie  can i go home now?
"what else can write here while i watch the clock tick by until i can poke a finger, pass more meds, and get somebody up "
i'm so cold and i have two sweaters on and a blanket
"more work same pay??? keep my head down, put blinders on, and keep dreaming "
with my friends gone i turn to the emptiness of facebook to talk to 
"1 out of 4 days done\homework done\now what to do for the other 36 hours?"
"tick, tick, tick, tick"
