c47d175bfe27ffed277beddb27e6f0e4
missed out on fun with my friends yesterday  sad 
gonna play wii sports yay
im going floating in the river  might freeze  sad 
"philippians 1:29  for it has been granted to you that for the sake of christ you should not only believe in him but also suffer for his sake,"
"above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it   proverbs 4:23"
"sick of crude people, eh"
join my group!!!
im not ready for monday!
the <propfemale> <propfemale> has no eye brows
yesterday i found out my grandpa is getting married for the third time! too bad he didn't teach his sons how to communicate with the ladies because they are still single : (
my finals are monday and wednesday  im gonna bury my face in my books and not come out for the rest of the weekend  i am going to be so glad when this is over! god bless me 
is online
happy new year!  laugh 
"its the year 2011 but i still watch my 90's nickelodeon shows  when will tv be awesome again? \who loves orange soda?   "
"went snowboarding for the 1st time w  <propfemale> robinson and her bro! it was awesome, thanks guys you rock! when r we going again?"
"my phone has died, for the last time  i will be getting a new one today  so if i am not returning your texts or calls, thats why  it might help if i can get some <propfirst> emailed to me just in case i lose them when i transfer my sim card  smile "
thank you lord for everything that you've done in me
1 <propfirst> 4:9-10 we love him because he first loved us 
happy easter everyone!
i broke even this month  omg
"waking up at five in the morning on a saturday cause your body says so, kinda sucks "
"we all have baggage, the goal is to find someone with a matching set "
loves you!
does anyone have a travel bag i can borrow for my missions trip to <propfemale>?
"i just made $163 in 15 mins  if i can do that every day that's $652 every hour, $5216 everyday, so theoretically i can make $114,752 a month  god blessed me with <propfirst> <propfemale> "
make better mistakes tomorrow   
working non stop since 5 this morning on my homework but i finally got it done! sleep now 
"just got a delivery, and one of my products e playful loded in the box! there is fruity smelling goo all over  why do you hate me fruity goo???!!!"
its raining
feel really sick  people pray for me i h8 being sick
i am hearing a flushing sound   i think its coming from the senate
"you know you're creepy when    \you're an adult that likes <propfirst> bieber "
thank you jesus for making my life totally awesome! woo
"i have butterflies in my stomache like im nervous, but i dont know what im nervous about  weird "
"my toe hurts, and my eye is purple  yesterday was the best day ever!"
starting the summer off right by going rafting monday!!!
finished my last final  school is over!
"sitting in my car in the college parking lot, thinking of how awesome this summer is going to be  no woman, you cannot have this parking spot!"
\they\,c47d175bfe27ffed277beddb27e6f0e4,going rafting   now
"<propfirst> 8 smile 2\then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free "
why did i have to save all of my chores for today?
enjoying the sun too much  got a little red  sad 
"working the polls    poll booths for the election that is, your dirty mind "
polls are finally closed  now i've got to drive home to merced without falling asleep   its been a long day 
food  yummy
"goodbye rucha and good luck in <propmale>! you are smart, beautiful, and i am so lucky to have been your friend while you were here!"
my dad's finally home from new orleans  can't wait to hear all about his trip!
can you respect the position someone holds while not respecting the person that holds it?
"hiking halfdome tomorrow  things learned from last time- don't leave trail, don't stub pinky toe, bring flash light "
the mountain kicked my butt this time   this time! muahaha
"gonna be in the mountains for a week, no cell phone or internet  talk to you when i get back!"
"im back for a week, then i'll be gone again  so much to do before i leave!"
going to my gpa's house  gonna play hacky sack with my cuz  happy 4th of july!
aw my cuz isn't here  who am i going to hacky sack with now? i sometimes dislike being an only child 
"when will then, be now?   soon"
i just kicked my cat
"\our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments\""\",c47d175bfe27ffed277beddb27e6f0e4,who would travel the world to talk about love?  laugh 
jet lag is the best ever!
excited to see my team on tuesday  life isn't as sweet when i am missing my family so much!
watching psych  that show is so funny
there's a meteor shower tonite  gonna make some wishes on shooting stars
oh you little   bean  - binky
adult iguanas do not eat twice a week! they eat two huge dog-bowls of food a day  then continue to be hungry 
i got the classes i need!  i am so happy!
"how did getting mail go from, 'yay a letter!' to, 'now what???'"
i started my reaction paper yesterday that's due sept 1 instead of procrastinating until the last minute  who am i?
air conditioning    how i loveth thee so!
"restoring honor rally, live from washington dc  watch it on facebook, bring faith back to <propfemale> "
just finished my first anthro paper of the semester  xo c'mon a+ !!!
i want a unicorn  or a white horse with a horn glued to its forehead  that will work 
"my darn cat woke me up at 4am this morning with shrill, annoying, ear-piercing meows  anyone want a cute little <propfemale>?"
"2nd research paper finished  so much going on at once, i hope i get used to this "
"there is no theory of evolution, just a list of creaures <propmale> <propmale> allows to live "
 surprise 
such a blessed day! i love building friendships with such amazing people!  smile 
"im so tired, sore, and sunburnt  archeology is haaard  surprise "
you have not because you ask not   
tutoring my cousin in math so he can stay on the football team  why do you have to be so cruel math?
my year with god ended wednesday  then i found out it never ends   dun dun duh
going to grandpa's house tonight  smile 
forgiveness is more then saying sorry
what can i learn from this e playful erience   
"i wanted a jerusalem bible so i told my mom  then she said, \oh yeah i have one of those \"" i was so excited i spilled my soda """
been doing anthro homework all day! must rest   my brain is cramping 
"uh   sore throat, swollen glands? lathargy?   body aches?   noooo!!!"
the inside of my eyelides are so soothing   
its officially time to start concealing my age 
cant say whats on her mind and be 'politically correct' at the same time  uhh   
"why do we have all these countries named after food? chili, turkey, greece    hmmm, makes me hungary! haha"
brownies!
archeology class is over! clean clothes please
my eyeballs hurt  sad 
so excited to be an anthropology <propmale> even tho i have never read or done so much back-breaking hard work in my life!
its raining! keep raining i don't want to go to archaeology class haha
dear class: i love you but i wish you would end already 
"i used to think it was better to be silent so not to burden someone with your thoughts and opinions  wow, was i wrong or what?"
i'm going to graduate from merced college with 5 aa degrees! lol haha that's ridiculously awesome!
"carved a pumpkin into a <propfirst> o lantern, and i get to see all the little kids' cute costumes as they come and get <propfemale>  i love halloween "
let me be your traveling pants
i love the rain!
reading pride and prejudice while listening to the rain  i wish i could do this every night 
i've been dismissed from jury duty! i've done my civic duty for the year 
woke up early  i'm gonna watch 'bones' 
when i grow up i want to be a forensic lab geek and solve crimes! haha
you electrify my life- lets conspire to ignite- all the souls that would die just to feel alive-
wishes she didn't have to study for a test today  i would kill for a nap right now 
my cat just tried to catch a mosquito    and failed 
"i earned the 3rd highest score on my forensic anthropology exam! i am on my way to being a bone-ified anthropologist  yeah, i went there "
"<propmale> <propmale> can whistle in five different languages, including sign language "
hmm   what can i get done in an hour?
"today is a challenge  i feel so bored, and i have a long day ahead of me still "
at home watching mystery science theater 3000 with my dad  smile 
hmm    sleep    
gobble gobble    happy turkey day 
team america: world police
only 2 weeks of school left?!? what?
i spent all day doin homework  i think my brain might just pop 
im going to study archaeology today for my upcoming exam and finals! yeah! woo im totally pumped! psych  playful 
just finished handing out christmas presents to little children  it was the best ever and totally made my day!
what's up with the <propfirst> guys?
don't stop believin    hold on to that feeling
omg just finished my archaeology final  i really hope i passed  i would rather shoot myself  in the foot then do that again!
ive got the house to myself  im gonna be like <propmale> cruise in risky business  dun dun dun dun get those old records off the shelf    
"and what happened then, in whoville they say, is that the grinch's small heart grew three times that day"
i just saw tron with my bff  now i am going to relax and this will be the best day ever!
"i have a dentist appointment today  i am not afraid of the dentist, its just a cleaning, but i do hate when they are cleaning your teeth and then they start talking to you, and you try to talk back so you dont seem rude, then they say, \oh hold still \"" well   you started it!"""
today was a good day  smile 
"don't you just love baggy sweaters in the winter? you gain weight from all the cookies but no one can tell, they just think you are cold  hahaha!!!"
straight a's this semester - <propfemale> christmas to me!
thank you all for your birthday wishes!  laugh 
"just danced the night away  seriously, were did it go?? awesome  laugh "
"i was so excited to find out how my new sewing machine works, then i realized the directions were on a vhs tape  aw mega let down "
"this has been a big shift in my life  telling people how i feel is hard  ive learned that being who people want you to be, is not going to get you any friends, but make you a doormatt  i need to be strong enough to defend my vision, and not lose sight of what is really important "
"i found my phone which has been missing for 3 days! it was in the glove compartment of my car   to ya'll who've been trying to get in touch with me since, friday    \oops\""  playful """
if today is a forshadow of my last semester at merced college then i cannot wait until graduation! give me the forms im ouutta here!!!
"went home for lunch and almost burned the house down with a grease fire  mmmm potstickers, extra crispy "
i wonder if <propfemale> fox's big toes look like thumbs   
"i am grateful for the life the lord has given me, but sometimes i think it would be easier and better if i had someone else's "
"with earplugs you can never win annoyed  if you dont wear them you cant go to sleep from the noise  if you do wear them you wake up with sore ears "
"one week down, eighteen more to go!"
are you the butterfly that flaps its wings and causes a hurricane on the other side of the world?
i love the burn of a good workout!
"as a student, i have spent most of my life sitting in a chair  once i get into the workforce i will never sit again  by butt hurts "
do you ever feel alone when in the middle of a crowd?
went to the movies and saw the green hornet with <propfirst> jones  now to bed so i can wake up early for the gym 
i have become obsessed with my itunes 
your mother was a hampster and your father smelt of elderberries 
"had a good workout this morning, saw some friends at school, signed up for graduation (yes!), took a nap  today has been a good day "
the best way to learn another language is to fall in love with someone that only speaks that language - <propmale> vangay
maybe im just insecure but when i dont know someone well i feel like we arent friends?
"brand new: now matter how much music i listen to, no matter how often i repeat your songs over and over again   you say what my soul feels   you keep me coming back for more  i love you so much!!!"
boo rothlisburger! shave the beard 
i ate so much today  good thing i work out or id be obese 
i woke up at 4am this morning but dont need to be anywhere until 9 smile 0  oh my god why?!!!
biked for 3 1 2 <propmale> today at the gym  i can't wait until halfdome!
sprite 
to every girl: take up golfing 
"first egypt and now iran, democracy is spreding thru the middle east like a glorious wildfire  happy valentines day everybody!"
save the pygmies!!
its weird when the person you are talking to takes your sarcastic conversion seriously  annoyed 
"did you know that the chinese people are organizing a protest for democracy  so, first egypt, then iran, and now <propfemale>  whose next?    north korea??? i can hope  smile "
do you ever feel like the world is like a car salesman with only two models to chose from and you don't like either of them 
"just watched inception and that is one intense movie, im like 'woah   '"
im trying to teach myself how to crochet and its so freakin hard! ah! i hate you stupid yarn     sad 
today was chaos! im exhausted   
"i just realized the guy who sits next to me in my class looks like that hot vampire from twilight  double take   \wha?\"""""
"if you're a merced college or uc student that likes dancing then you should go to the event \mardi gras spring break dance music festival in merced college\"" april 8th  comment on this and ill send you an invite """
"maybe its a merced thing, but people are jerks  the more i meet the more i realize why i enjoyed being alone in the first place "
today is a hard day  sad  someone hacked into my health insurance and stole my identity! what kind of person does that? evil 
there is a dance this friday at merced college  who's going?
khaaaaaaaaaaan!
"today i was able to talk to a woman who works with 'doctors without borders', and i think her life is so amazing! she told me to apply for a contract because they need young anthropologists  gives me something to think about    for sure"
