29570fbba553bc9bb09b346fe2983a40
"ich mag grünen traktoren, nicht rot "
wow   one minute im happy n the next i feel like crap    all because of you  y is it so hard for me but easy for you? i really dont understand    i am so confused about everything right now 
is going to hv sum funn!!  playful  txt the celly or if ur brave enough call  wink  lol 
jus got done laying out in the pool  smile  i luv summer!!! c t the celly   plz! im bored 
-me n <propfemale> hhad some fun 
"ohh boy, wat a nite    im kinda tired, n hv allergies    again!  sad "
"~dance with god, because he will let the perfect guy cut in  love "
jus went for a run and took a shower  smile  cant wait for next weekend!!
"-it's amazing how you can speak right to my heart, without saying a word you can light up the dark  try as i may i could never e playful lain, what i hear when you don't say a thing   love "
"~ i rather be hated for who i am, than loved for what im not "
"- sometimes you just need to be with the person who makes you smile, even if it means waiting  love "
"- sometimes you just need to be with the person who makes you smile, even if it means waiting  love "
- haha me n <propfemale> ordered a pizza n have no way of getting it  smile 
it feels good to be home again! call txt my celly  smile 
"~they say that time heals wounds, but all it's done for me so far is make me miss you more~"
"~they tell me to follow my heart    but what if all my heart does is lead me to more confussion? ik i love you, but i dont know how you feel about me  annoyed \"
"- my whole life, as i know it, is changing   so much heart ache and to many tears    im trying to keep a smile on my face, but the act is getting old   i jus wanna be happy  sad "
"- i'm movin' on  at last i can see, life has been patiently waiting for me  and there's no guarantees, but i'm not alone  there comes a time in everyones lives when all you can see is the years passing by, and i have made up my mind that those days are go"
"- we've got to hold on to what we got, it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not  we've got each other and that's a lot for love  we'll give it a shot     ohhh we're half way there  ohhh livin' on a prayer  take my hand we'll make it i swear  livi"
~the only thing that stays the same is change ~
"~another day has come and gone  can't imagine what else could go wrong  sometimes i would like to hide away somewhere and lock the door, a single battle lost but not the war  cause tomorrows another day and i'm thirsty anyway, so bring on the rain  it's a"
"- tell me you love me just like you used to do, hold me tonight even though you don't want to  stay here beside me, tell me its alright  'cause i don't wanna cry again tonight, no i don't wanna cry again tonight "
"- tell me you love me just like you used to do, hold me tonight even though you don't want to  stay here beside me, tell me its alright  'cause i don't wanna cry again tonight, no i don't wanna cry again tonight "
"[praying tht everything is gonna work out, n tht i will be happy again soon] (btw, im srry!!)  smile "
wants to know wats going on      :
-have you ever felt alone in a crowded room?-
"has been cleaning aunties house all day, ewwww  (get better soon ) going to anamosa now;; hopefully gonna have sum fun!!!!  smile "
had alot of fun last nite! after getting home this morning fell back asleep n had a bad dream  sad  (i hate them)    going back to aunties to clean again with grandma   yippee    
doesnt kno wats going on today yet    got to get sum1 to acolyte for me on saturday tho cuz were going to anamosa;; cant wait  smile 
needs to finish laundry then get my stuff packed so i can be ready <propfemale> mom gets home  still need to find sum1 to acolyte tho  surprise  but i really cant wait to jus leave!!!!! this weekends gonna be amazing!!!!!!  smile 
is headed to anamosa til monday!  smile 
"~ if you get there before i do, don't give up on me  i'll meet you when my chores are through, i don't know how long i'll be  but i'm not gonna let you down, darling wait and see  and between now and then, til i see you again i'll be loving you  love, me "
- i remember the days we spent together were not enough  and it used to feel like dreaming except we always woke up  never thought not having you here would hurt so much  tonight i've fallen and i can't get up  i need your loving hands to come and pick me
~ how come every time i think things are gonna get better they get worse?! im so sick of it all!  crying 
is home and bored 
has a really bad head ache  sad 
"again, things get worse  im jus want this all to be over! i dont feel so good  crying "
"again, things get worse  i jus want this all to be over! i dont feel so good  crying "
(more packing today    maybe?)
"is getting my hair cutt tomorrow, n then spending the day with grandma "
is going to get my hair cut  smile  then hanging out with grandma for the day! text me!
is not sure what i'm gonna do today  
is at the camper again   txt me 
is gonna go paddle boating  smile  bbl 
"((tonight i've fallen and i can't get up  i need your loving hands to come and pick me up, and every night i miss you i can just look up, and know the stars are holdin' you holdin' you holdin' you tonight   love ))"
isnt really looking forward to tomorrow  sad  but i'll make the best of it    been packing all day and i am really tired 
~summers over  sad  school tomorrow and not really looking forward to it     txt me!
is so ready for the weekend! i really dont like school  sad  and all this packing and going through things isnt helping much    oh well     i will get through it  txt me   smile 
"jus found out my great gma is in the hospital cuz she fell, she has a broken jaw and shoulder and might hv internal bleeding  her eyes are swollen shut and she has many cuts on her face  she is getting a brain scan tomorrow to see if there is any brain damage   sad "
is going to anamosa  smile 
"~ all i think about is how to make you think of me and everything that we could be  and i just wanna show you, she don't even know you  she's never gonna love you like i want to  and you see right through me, but if you only knew me, we could be a beautiful, miracle, unbelievable   instead i'm just invisible "
~why are boys so difficult?
"~ love is patient, love is kind, it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  love never fails  1 corinthians 13:4,7-8  love "
"~i'm falling for you even though i know your only playing with my heart  tomorrow might be hell, but a night or two of loving you is better than never at all, and i can't help myself  so i'll just hold on, i'll just hold on, i'll just hold on, until you gone ~"
~ i have lost all control and i need you now  ~
-i think that the worst feeling is being forgotten by someone you will never forget   annoyed \
is hopefully gonna have an amazing nite with the girls  smile 
~im so sick of you    your not worth my time 
"~ im goin home, gonna load my shotgun, wait by the door, lite a cigarette  if he wants a fite well now hes got one, and he aint seen me crazy yet  slapped my face and shook me like a rag doll, dont he sound like a real man? im gonna show him what little girls are made of, gunpowder and lead ~"
is excited for to nite but also nervous   hopefully every thing goes ok and we have a good time  smile 
live your life  smile 
"   sometimes i get so confused and dont know what to say or do    im srry, i guess   "
is in wisconsin with cylina!!!! having a blast n dont wanna go back home tomorrow  talking to ffrrraannccyy all day was kinda nice lol 
~it's time to stop pretending i don't love you anymore ~
~happy thanksgiving ya'll  smile 
"it’s thanksgiving dinner; let’s not be late; there’s lots of good food, so fill up your plate  with pie at the end, it can’t be beat; hooray for thanksgiving, there’s so much to eat!"
"~if you jump i will jump too, we will fall together, from the buildings ledge  never looking back at what was done, we'll say it was love   'cuz i would die for you on skyway avenue ~"
~need a new profile pic  which one??
absolutely loving life!  smile 
~the greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ~
ich habe ritter sport schokolade! lecker lecker! es ist die beste schokolade in der welt 
"iowa: what happens in the corn field, stays in the corn field!  smile "
"pink, orange, yellow, and blue stripes  smile "
"iowa: what happens in the corn field, stays in the corn field!  smile "
"going to the <propmale> paisley, <propfirst> moore, and <propfemale> lambert concert tonight with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!!!  love   smile "
another snow day!  smile 
rip <propmale> conley 
"~a hundred hearts would be to few, to <propfemale> all the love i have for you~"
going bowling  smile 
happy valentines everyone!!  love 
"when one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us   love "
love is unstoppable  love 
i love <propfirst> english and <propfirst> <propfirst> fossen!  smile 
happy pi day  smile 
went for a run  smile 
- speak when you are angery and you will make the best speech you will ever regret   sad 
"love - a wildly misunderstood although highly desirable malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to <propfemale>, cheeks to glow, blood pressure to rise and the lips to pucker "
pictures today  smile 
done with pictures  smile 
"i played monopoly for 2 hrs and 30 <propfemale>, the first time i hv ever played, i won!"
good day? i think so!  smile 
so i lay my head back down and i lift my hands and pray to be only yours i pray to be only yours i know now you're my only hope  love 
"it's a great day to be alive, i know the suns still shining when i close my eyes  theres some hard times in the neighborhood, but why can't every day be just this good   smile "
can't wait for the weekend!!!!!
goodnight  smile 
"they didn't understand it and i tried to make them see, that one is only poor only if you choose to be  it was true we didnt have no money, but i was <propmale> as i could be in my coat of many colors, my momma made for me   smile "
dance mor!!!  smile 
"did lovers really fall in love to stay, stand beside eachother come what may? was a promise really something people kept, not just something they would say and forget? did families really bow their heads to pray? did daddies really never go away? a woah woah grandpa, tell me 'bout the good old days "
"~ the underlying problem with many backstabbers is a lack of self-esteem - thanks for telling everyone what i trusted you with, i thought you were better then that  ~"
"~i pray ur tire blows out at 110  i pray u pass out drunk with ur best friend nd wake up with his nd her tattoos  i pray ur brakes go out runnin down a hill  i pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill nd knocks u in the head like i’d like to  i pray ur birthday comes nd nobody calls  i pray ur flyin high when ur engine stalls  i pray all ur dreams never come true  just know where ever u are <propfemale>, i pray for u ~"
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!  smile  they mean a lot!
mud runnin!!!!!
watching pocahantas on vhs  smile 
hanging with the boys tonight  smile 
i never thought i would have to go through losing one of my best friends again but i guess i was wrong    im really sad and upset    i miss you  love 
"we always thought we'd look back on our tears and laugh, but we never thought we'd look back on our laughter and cry    i love you, forever    you're my best friend "
\delta <propfemale>, what's that flower you have on\29570fbba553bc9bb09b346fe2983a40,people are so disrespectful and immature  grow up!
"~somtimes i'm a selfish fake, your always a true friend   i don't deserve you 'cause i'm not there for you   please forgive me again   i wanna be there for you   someone you can come to   runs deeper than my bones   i wanna be there for you ~"
some day we'll all have perfect wings  smile 
going to missouri with curti 
hurt my back  sad  but other than that lifes great!  smile 
country girls can survive  smile 
sick  sad 
camping  love 
you make me smile  smile 
"oh i believe there are angels among us, sent down to us from somewhere up above, they come to you and me in our darkest hours, to show us how to live, teach us how to give and guide us with a light of love "
at the farm all day     now sun burnt  annoyed 
 smile 
"i climbed up the door and opened the stairs,\said my pajamas and put on my prayers,\then i turned off the bed and crawled into the light\all because you kissed me goodnight!  smile "
"up until now i had sworn to myself that im content with loneliness, because none of it was ever worth the risk   but darlin' you are the only exception   love "
"if you believe in god and you believe in yourself, you have nothing to worry about "
another night at the fair  smile 
 smile 
someday we'll all have perfect wings  smile 
"it's a secret no one tells  one day it's heaven, one day it's hell  it's no <propfemale> tale, take it from me  that's the way it's supposed to be  you will fly and you will crawl  god knows even angels fall  no such thing as you lost it all  god knows even angels fall   love  love  love "
feeling sorta sickish  sad 
hopefully today will be a good day  smile 
so sick of getting blown off!
it's a new day 
"we're free, free as we'll ever be  smile "
got a droid!!!!
"there's gotta be more to life    then chasing down every temporary high, to satisfy me  cause the more that i'm    trippin' out thinkin' there must be more to life  well it's life   but im sure   there's gotta be more "
i will remember you  will you remember me?
throwing cheese at dead cats is mean!!
live  laugh  love 
"i know one thing, that i love you  i love you, i love you, i love you "
there ain't no place that i'd rather be  next to you sittin' next to me 
"there's a better place, where our father waits, and every tear he'll wipe away  the darkness will be gone, the weak will be strong  hold on to your faith  there will come a day  love "
i look around and all i see is your happiness embracing me  smile 
"they're my guardian angels, and i know they see  every step i'm taking they are watching over me  i might not know where i'm going, but i sure know where i'm from  they're my guardian angels, and i'm their special one "
gonna be a fun night!  smile 
i love being ignored    
i love you 
"in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count  it’s the life in your years   love "
her favorite color is chrome!  smile 
adventureland!  smile 
bass pro shop and uncle bucks!
"baby just look at us all this time and we're still in love\something like this just don't exist\between a backwoods boy and a <propfemale> tale princess\people said it would never work out\living our dreams has shattered all doubts\it feels good to prove 'em wrong\living our love song"
you are my guardian angel   
rip fluffer  crying 
weekend with the girls  smile 
i miss curti  love 
soooo tired!
2 days out of iowa is long enough for me!
"'is this heaven?' 'no, its iowa ' (so happy to be home!!!)"
"she's fifteen and he's barely driven a car  she's got his ring and he's got the keys to her heart  it's just a matter of time, they'll spread their wings and fly  like two sparrows in a hurricane trying to find their way  with a head full of dreams and faith that can move anything  they've heard it's all uphill, but all they know is how they feel  the world says they'll never make it, love says they will  ? curti "
funny how your dead and people start listenin'  love 
i want opinions! should i get a perm??
"if i tell you i love you, can i keep you forever?"
"i'm gonna be somebody, someday "
true love never ends  love  thank you so much for this amazing year curti  i love you  happy 1 year anniversary   smile  i  love  <propfirst> english !
 crying  i miss you 
"baby you're all that i want \when you're lyin' here in my arms \i'm findin' it hard to believe \we're in heaven \and love is all that i need \and i found it there in your heart \it isn't too hard to see \we're in heaven  love \*come home curti*"
"i'm falling even more in love with you\letting go of all i've held onto \i'm standing here until you make me move \i'm hanging by a moment here with you \i'm living for the only thing i know \i'm running and not quite sure where to go \and i don't know what i'm diving into \just hanging by a moment here with you  love "
ich liebe <propfirst> english  mehr als alles in der welt für immer und ewig und einen tag 
 smile 
i've been saved by the grace of the southern charm  smile 
why do i try?
don't let your life pass you by 
"we're just like you, only prettier  smile "
"south moves north, north moves south  a <propfemale> is born a <propfemale> burns out  the only thing tht stays the same is everything changes, everything changes "
"my oh my you're so good lookin, but who are you when i'm not lookin "
my life is like a roller coster 
"love is the rhythm of two hearts beating, pounding out a message steady and true  talk to me baby tell me what your feeling  i know what love is, what's it to you?"
miracles happen every day 
he is good so good  he treats your little girl like a real man should  he is good so good  he makes promises he keeps oh he's never gonna leave  so don't you worry about me 
he's perfect  smile 
"don't laugh at me\don't call me names\don't get your pleasure from my pain\in god's eyes we're all the same\someday we'll all have perfect wings\don't laugh at me  love "
christmas is a necessity   there has to be at least one day of the year to remind us that we're here for something else besides ourselves
the best way to prepare for life is to begin to live  love 
i love you   
city of angels!! yay i love this movie  time to grab a blanket and box of kleenex! lol 
i will love you forever   
" love  at last i can see life has been patiently waiting for me  and i know theres no guarentees, but im not alone   love "
