481f8b70410b35700f392dacfe1f453b
wrapping christmas presents is a lot of work   
i start my new shift today   i bet i'm gonna be tired tonight
my mind is pretty blank at the moment - too tired to think up anything witty
once upon a time there was a <propfemale> who lived in a castle on an island in the middle of the sea    
"pop quiz\\what's your favorite word? fubar\\   least favorite word? responsibility\\   turns you on? guys\\   turns you off? not having a guy\\   favorite sound? someone else cooking me dinner\\   least favorite sound? me cooking me dinner \\   profession, other than your own, would you like to attempt? wonder woman\   profession would you not like to attempt? clown\   favorite curse word? fuck"
what's up with frisbees?
"dream on, little dreamer, dream on"
my daughter is gone for ten whole days   i'm not sure what to do with myself  sad 
i knew a couple who had 2 refrigerators   the one in the kitchen was for food and the one on the back porch was for his beer 
i'm going camping this weekend at patagonia but i think thursday is going to be my get very drunk night   just seems like the thing to do   
"yay - i'm almost packed for camping - now i just have to clean my house in case it is robbed (4 loads of laundry, a sink of dishes, change the fish water, feed the cat, and sweep, mop and vaccuum) all before tommorow even though i work until 10 smile 0pm ):"
"camping was awesome   sitting with my lawn chair in the \surf\"" drinking a beer - it was excellent   but lizzy left today for two whole weeks ):"""
food is love    that is the quote on my phone and i've hear d that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach but i don't think that only applies to men cuz i love food and a person who can cook will get my vote every time
i did my first 10 hour day and it wasn't so bad  smile 
i love <propfemale> wars  smile -
likes working with <propfirst>
has a headache     sad 
working a 12 hour day today   it's hard  sad 
"i'm melting, melting         aaaahhhhhhh"
i saw the movie up las night with my daughter and it was very cute  smile 
i'm going on vacation next month to <propmale> florida and i'm super excited
so tired that i may actually be asleep right now as i type this message
so one of my favorite presents today was from a co-worker who hadn't known it was my b-day but gave me a balloon with happy birthday <propfemale> and some gift wrapped chocolate chip cookies
i think i feel a little like   (fill in a personal hero) when he she   (fill in super cool action or comment)
"\you are a dousche  you know what a dousche is; it is water and vinegar  you know what a water truck and a vinegar truck sound like when they collide  dousche! that's what you are \"" - i heard this on a chat string entitled funny drill seargent quotes"""
half of me wants to go out and the other half wants to sleep immediately - that's what ou call a conflict of interests
i like it on the coffee table 
about to have some pizza   mmmmmm-mmmmmmmmm
i found a version of the game i was looking for (numbrix) on the la times site
i hate computers   and i hate computer nerds who talk alot about how to fix them to us regular non-computer nerds who don't understand half of what they are saying but understand that the computer nerd is not offering to actually fix the problem
i passed my security + test yeserday and llife is good!!!
"in japan, they believe your blood type indicates what kind of personality you have   mine dits me but my daughter's seems off   "
still haven't seen <propmale> potter          aaargghhhh
i love to shop!!!!!!!!but i hate to have to wait to unwrap them til xmas    even if they aren't for me    smile 
angry shark            muah hahahaha
change your profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood to support the fight against child abuse and leave it up until 12 6 10!!!!
i leave for vacation on saturday         yay
am
oooh!!! you are cute!  smile 
"guess what everyone!!!!i got the house i offered on  the listing is down below on my <propfemale>  barring any unforseen issues or repairs, i will move in next month the 26th or earlier if my <propfemale> and downpayment assistance program come through earlier  smile "
