fc7199122706014d2afa60d3ccd53d64
go saints!! >>> woah <<<
i need more people for my mafia   
b-day in three days   the countdown begins!
just one more day till b-day
"its my birthday,  hmm   what should i do today?"
"thanks everybody, b-day was great!"
life is good today!
[sup]
"aghh   going to work, 11am--5pm"
"yes,   no work all weekend"
great weekend   time to work 4-8
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow "
bonfire!!!
goin to work   11-4
cant wait till tommarow   day off from work
awesome day yesterday   went to the mongolian bbq in novi with sum friends 
mongolian bbq is goood
had teeth cleaned   and enjoying my rainy day off
"awesome bonfire last night with some music   and movies tonight at mjr   watchin <propmale> of persia, should be good "
movie was awsome   had fun
"went to the fowlerville bog   little burnt but an awsome day, now going to another bonfire "
just workin   
day off tomarrow   dunno what im going to do yet??
"crappy day at work, now relaxin"
"<propfirst> hood was pretty good, <propmale> of persia was awesome"
"lovin the sun, wish i had somthin to do   "
"going bogging tommarow    will be 88 degrees, hopefully not muggy after tonights rain"
"mud bog was awesome   weather was great   friends were cool,  \sunburn sux\"""""
at three rivers    do not want to go home
"starting a diet, need to get my life back on track"
closing tonight
"day-off today, shoot me a text   517-231-0066"
workin tonight 4-10
workin 11-4 today   dunno what im doin after
talk about a long day at work    
day off
just another day     can't complain
too much work     
"goin to cedar point with <propfirst> ballenger and gabby kurtycz this sat, does anyone want to tag along?"
"goin to cedar point with <propfirst> ballenger and gabby kurtycz this sat, does anyone want to tag along?"
"cedar point was awesome     the new water coaster was lame, but the rest was great"
watchin some movies
"closing tonight, hopefully it goes smooth"
"-children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least a day? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently "
"-children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least a day? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently "
"went to i-hop today, done eating for the next week"
"at work   bored, wish the clock would move a little faster   why is it that the time goes slowly when your not having fun, then time goes by quickly when your having the time of your life   feels like your being robbed that way   sad "
"yeah baby, subway and <propmale>'s breadstix   potent mix"
"at work,  subwayin it up!"
heading out to work   this is my last day workin at subway peaple 
"happy thanksgiving everyone, im out to have a good time!"
"a wonderful day with the family and amazing food! unfortunately, its back to work tommarow    all 18 hrs of it \lord give me strength\"""""
"goin to work, 50+ hrs this week   again  "
saw a shooting <propfemale> last night!!
does anyone know a good website to download youtube videos?
"i need an ipod, im lookin to buy any gen ipod touch  pretty sure mine was jacked, i need one to tie me over till febuary when i can upgrade my cell   \reply if u want to sell\"""""
"feelin good, i've shed 4 2lbs in the last week   this spring is going to be great!"
today is going to be a good day  
"off to a rough start, woke up to a <propfirst> horse    work is going to be a drag"
facebook on the tv!! feelin fancy   
"its 11am and im hyped up   so-far thanks for the wishes everybody,\\i want everybody's favorite mixed drink recipes\"""""
"thanks everybody for yesterday's comments, this weekend is going to be epic   \now everyone needs to give me sum crazy mixed drink ideas  and please the crazier the better!"
