c031931ea79269fab22a67328e87fa0b
our phone doesn't work! i think the guys are coming today to fix it though 
almost misses school
summers good how yours
is glad to be home again
i am listining to jesus christ superstar! pretty good
i lit off fireworks but had to take a shower to wash off all the soot
what are sweet tarts made out of? sugar?
hmm i guess sweet tarts arent made out of tart        <propfemale>
how much does that cost?
"you look totally weird right now, you have like eagles wings and you are surrounded by fire and you face looks like a mountain its totally weird  woah, i think we just ran over a small bus "
grrrrrrrrr!
just got back from charleston!
likes kayla's face!!!!
this is my hat now!
i just had and awesome burp but no one was around to hear it  so did it really happen?  how awful
"jesus christ, superstar!!"
what is the dharma initiative?
whoo! whoo!
mcjefford!
i love me some <propfemale> (=
i got a hair cut yesterday! it looks great! thanks <propfemale>!
???? what? who? when? why? where? what are you talking about? ???? hahaha i like confusion its a good way to change the subject
is still crying! that movie was so sad!
she can f(g) all day! its a function!
hmmmmm 
<propfemale> <propfirst> always gets me into trouble but thats another matter
i cut my hair two days ago  i think it will take some getting used to but i kinda like it
well i guess it doesnt really matter than does it?
lacrosse conditioning tomorow!!!
hahaha i cant feel my legs!!! hahaha
hahaha captain planet!
oh no! i hate it when a guitar string breaks!
oh! saturday where did you go?
"i would not advise dropping plates on your head, its not as funny as it sounds  hahahaha"
guess what wednesday is!?!
"you got a lotta nerve, to say you are my friend, when i was down, you just stood there grinning"
whens the best time to go to the dentist?
"o! many a shaft, at random sent, finds <propfirst> the archer little meant; and many a word, at random spoken, may soothe or wound a heart that's broken!  sir <propfirst> <propfirst> (1771 - 1832)"
"real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not   oprah winfrey (1954 - ),"
"um i think othello better start to make since or else i just might have to build a time machine and go back in time to ask shakespeare what he was thinking when he wrote it, or i could just use spark notes, but thats for wimps, i never take the easy way out!"
i love ab bff
haha if you read this you lost the game!
"<propfemale>!!! you're not <propfemale>! you smell like beef and cheese, you sit on a throne of lies!"
haha i just bought some <propmale> <propmale>'s  right <propfemale>?
"i scratched a banana today and it smelled like blueberries, how strange?"
you can try! but i wont 
bling blonging? new word?
why do we act the way we do? because we can!!!
"hey <propfirst>, i'm a ninja! hahaha"
the safety word is whiskey 
there's a whole in your sock the size of africa!
siwiwdbnkiatwmlssatltdic
i just love iron and wine! they are great
sweet wounded jesus!
there isnt enough time   
saturday! tomorow is sunday! today is saturday! which makes yesterday friday! i wish it was monday!
"the statistics on sanity are that one out of every four americans is suffering from some form of mental illness  think of your three best friends  if they're okay, then it's you --  <propfemale> <propfemale> brown"
"[long hair] is considered bohemian, which may be why i grew it, but i keep it long because i love the way it feels, part cloak, part fan, part mane, part security blanket   --<propfemale> piercy"
i hate ladybugs! they are satan's minions i swear!
<propfemale>! why do you talk to me on facebook while we are on the phone! haha jk its like five conversations at once
oh! we are crazy! it was so fun being siamese twins! haha 143
what? dance dance revolution? its a dance evolution! haha!
<propfemale> christmas!
an optimist stays up to see the new year in  a pessimist waits to make sure the old one leaves   <propmale> vaughan
is it weird that i like watching the view?
its a slinky! they are too fun!
what smells like updog? haha i love the office!
everytime you close your eyes! lies! lies!
discombobulate!
i am going to bed  ahh! i have to go to the dentist tomorrow! well at least i will get an early dismissal haha
i cant feel my face! haha
haha i love watching the office! its just so funny!
thats what she said! haha
i want crazy straw glasses! they are amazingly cool!
blue! haha
spaghetti!!! haha again
doctor pepper! rolling all over the floor! hahaha! not funny old man  so not funny  haha okay maybe a little!
the things we found on ebay!
"i was legit, i was too legit, i was too legit to quit, but now i'm unlegit, so i must quit "
"two exams down, two more to go! studying for pre-cal all day and tomorrow until the last minute should be fun!"
camping out at mema's again!
darn you lady gaga! i can't stop singing your songs!!
dont let your dads eat pie!
jumbo frisbee = very unpredicatable  hahaha
i got toilet paper stuck to the bottom of my shoe today! hahaha i didn't even use the bathroom!
i love saying mucho gusto! mucho gusto! mucho gusto!
i bought a stick and cleats today! haha i am ready for tryouts tomorrow!
i am ready to take a nap  haha
i looked for my homework for thirty minutes but i still couldn't find it! that just aint right 
are you a good witch or a bad witch? or are you a manwich? haha
saturday!! why are you so disappointing?
seriously! no school tomorrow! why?
in the backseat!
umm   what? can you please repeat that i wasn't listening 
i bought socks today! how exciting!
twin day tomorrow! i just have to find a twin! haha
well i think playing lacrosse out in the snow is one of the coolest things ever!
que tal?
oh i wish i had some music right about now 
"i had fun at the mall with <propfemale> and <propfemale> but i think the next time i decide to take the stairs over the escalator, i don't think i'll try to run up them  haha"
ummm       last hit!! haha
"so i got a 78 on my progress report for spanish, and i talked to mrs  brown and it is now a 100! apparently she accidently wrote a ten instead of a 100 as one of my grades  muy bien!"
"i had a lot of fun at the tournament today! but weirdly enough i got a sun burn only on the left side of my face, it looks pretty hilarious, or so i'm told "
game tomorrow! super excited!
i am tired! i played the whole game and now i am ready to take a nap until <propfirst>'s party!
i don't know what to do! my life seems empty without lacrosse practice! haha
spagetti! spagetti and meatballs! fun for all! even if your ten feet tall! spagetti! good even if your a yetti! good with sauce! just because! spagetti! haha wow 
hmm     
beat mauldin tomorrow!!  if it doesn't rain!! which i hope it doesn't!
ancestors protect me!
"does <propmale> mantilow know you raided his wardrobe? breakfast club! haha oh <propfemale>, i love you! hahaha"
who knew the travel channel could be so educational? hmm
it was bright but not exceedingly so 
"i feel tired, oh so tired "
"ahhh!!! its spring break, a friday, and highlight of my day is facebook! what?"
you can call me big tex!!! haha
betcha bottom dollar on me! its indie rock and roll for me!
saturday! perfect day for lacrosse and having more meaningless talks about <propfemale> the pooh with <propfemale>! haha
"\i think i just smelled that cop drive by  really? did it smell fruity? yeah! i smelled it too!\"""""
ahhh man   smile 
jelly beans are the best way to end hsap testing 
grilled cheese!!!!
its a sad day when not even afv can make you laugh 
"haha my dad is a wimp when it comes to eating hot foods, couldn't even eat one chicken wing  its just shameful when a father gets beat out by his daughter haha"
"thank you for the music, for giving it to me!! its a good night to listen to abba i think "
i enjoy having my sister home from college but i really miss having my own bathroom     sad  haha love you little big sis!
what am i going to do with all this dough?!?!
i had so much fun this weekend with <propfemale> and <propfemale>! i love you guys! but now i am ready for a nap and a little healing time from being attacked by that tiger  don't forget tie dye tuesday!
knomes live in bushes!! duh!!
coffee! coffee! i love coffee! coffee is good for me! haha
is at dog training with <propfemale> <propmale>
sitting with <propfemale> and <propfemale> on our way to columbia!
"in th chair again, with the same awkward plastic dental thing stuck in my mouth  its too bad because i can't tell them i'm choking!"
yay for curtains!  annoyed \ haha
meteor shower!!!
i found an m&m in my pocket  i'm going to eat it 
went to the mall today and realized its really depressing to walk around alone haha
