dbbb00fb0f36bcc183cde999c5ef22c2
there are so many characters here! i hope i don't add someone real   annoyed 
the author person needs to come up with a title for my story now!
"it's the first day of spring and it's snowing in chicago???  sad  jesus, why?"
i'm browsing through people's about me sections and everyone has such cool stories! mine's so lame   sad  there's no zombies or vampires or magical stuff  i'm just a gal from boring ol' earth in the year 2010  lol
me and my boys went to a guitar shop and there was this cutest spanish guitar ever! it costs about a month's rent but i want it so badly!!!!! but maybe i should actually start practicing first   
j-pop is playing on the radio and i feel like partying tonight!!!!!
"it's a beautiful spring day and it's time to par-tay, i say!"
my b string keeps buzzing and it's so annoying! d;
why is it so effin' cold today?!?!?
author is too obsessed with the sims 3 to get any outlining done for script frenzy  d;
i guess the author's either gonna wing it or not do script frenzy at all   sad 
someone is blasting some heavy metal  i think i can beat them with some lady gaga   laugh 
"add my <propmale>, <propmale> cardoso! he's from the author's wannabe arthouse gay romance screnzy she tried doing last year   laugh "
my brother is on facebook!  laugh dd
"a cute guy the author knew just waved at her today  mmm, she likes college   love  love  love "
"i hate dumb bitches who say they're pregnant on april fool's day, and then later they're like, 'just kidding!' eff off!"
"what a crazy, crazy day "
i haven't logged on in a month and there are so many friend requests  i don't even know what's going on  oh god 
how's everyone doing?!?!  laugh 
finals week! author isn't doing too well in college   sad 
i made some muffins today! everyone needs to calm down and grab one before i eat 'em all   laugh 
has terribly unrealistic e playful ectations when it comes to love  um 
"when you call my name, it's like a little prayer  i'm down on my knees  i wanna take you there "
car bomb in times square!  sad 
i want to see iron man 2 now!
((i just saw iron man 2! it's pretty fuckin' badass!))
why is chicago so fucking cold?!?
"hey, <propfemale> cornish and <propmale> cornish , i think <propfirst> should get a facebook!"
<propfemale> cornish smells funky 
