07d4a46403f7502973a33b3e28db3b60
"still can't wrap my mind around the fact that i will never attend woodson again, or see a lot of people ever again "
bored bored bored blah
has a mission 
is making chocolate fritters   instantly fantastic!
"it's official    saturday august 1st my mother, <propfirst> <propmale>, will be the official owner of the sweet life cafe, soon to be choices by <propfirst>  come on by!!!"
and the countdown begins    4 days
    2 days
"first day of class, and my last day being a minor! woohoo!!"
3 hours 40 minutes left    
is legal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thunderstorm!!!! what a fantastic birthday present!
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes smile  i had a fabulous day    with lots of firsts  wink 
"i love college! where else can you go and be told your going to be insulted for the rest of your life, read a play a week, read comic books, and move, lift, and organize pieces of wood all in the same day?"
going home!! come by choices!! grand opening!!!!! woot woot  smile 
"feels the need to change this status, but has no ideas as to what   stagecraft in 15 <propfemale>, there that works!"
it's the weekend   yay!
feels kinda lame    no comments from tash please 
wants to know how to unfan people on facebook   anyone?
now knows how to unfan people    thanks ally!!!!
loves stretch math   take home test question number one   picture an election preference table   how many people voted in this election? haha   ha!
has been sitting at the computer listening to music for half an hour all to then be scared to death by the fact that her roommate is actually in the room   sleeping 
stupid computer got a virus    sadness 
has a rib out   at least i'm pretty sure   and no ideas how to fix it 
you know why majoring in theatre is the best decision ever? where else are you graded on the ability to be a seven year old 
just found out something really interesting   and sad
stuck on the life scene! how is it so hard to script something that actually happened?
looking for something to do tonight   anyone?
bored   very bored   
i know i'm in trouble when while flipping channels i land on hsn and it's all about shoes   it's a good thing i don't have money 
"who puts a folded flag inside a mother's hand? belief can, belief can  who puts a hundred thousand children in the sand? belief can, belief can "
hates ally cuddy and <propfirst> frost 
so much to do   so little time   8 days until i can breathe 
so much to do    so little time   7 days until i can breathe
first college auditions   done  soooooo glad
i is bored   
is supposed to be doing a lot of other things    but it can wait   maybe
needs to be off of facebook and writing this paper  can you tell i'm failing miserably?
fdp!! one down one to go!
6am and i haven't gone to sleep yet   class in 2 5 hours  yay for no sleep!
forgot my phone at home  it's gonna be a long few days   sadness
memorization fail   life scenes fail 
all of a sudden i really want to dance   
can't seem to hold you like i want to so i can feel you in my arms nobody's gonna come and save you we pulled too many false alarms we're goin down  and you can see it too we're goin down and you know that we're doomed my dear we're slow dancing in a burning room 
my phone is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs a technologically savvy person  help   please 
thinks that fi is the most useless class to ever come into existence 
really really dislikes 11 <propfemale> articles on bhutan  especially when 3 would have said it all 
doesn't like worrying   
really really enjoys me some <propfirst> scissorhands 
just spent the past 10 minutes laughing hysterically over absolutely nothing   don't know whether to laugh or cry   apparently it's laughing time 
"just wants to say what she wants to say, but if it doesn't go her way, then things will never be okay "
"i think that possibly, maybe i'm falling for you  yes there's a <propmale> that i'm falling quite hard over you "
needs a massage   my shoulders hurt   sad 
can today get any worse?   don't answer that 
mad that everyone gets to go home tomorrow but i still have class wednesday morning 
really wishes that her c key would work like it's supposed to  words like whih and wath don't ome out so nice   one more paper til the end of the semester!!!
wishes it was snowing because then it would be okay for the cold to exist 
wishes really do come true! it started snowing!!! but i still hate the cold 
anyone need food? i have 66 swipes left and three days to use them   
wish i could find the words to tell you what i'm feeling without you thinking i'm being crazy and overemotional  i care about you and never want to see you get hurt 
"dear acting class, that date i chose may need to change  bug me until i get it done  i'm about to chicken out already  love <propfemale> p s  any suggestions of what to get a 6 month old baby boy that he can keep forever?"
so i have cotton <propfemale> and banana pudding ice cream  anyone want it? come to the grc and let me know 
anybody want some banana pudding ice cream? please take it 
it's good to be back   now for all of the work to do before classes 
i forgot how much i love 6 hours of sleep a night  yay! sleepytime!
watched that weird teenage pregnancy pact movie that was really bad then project runway while eating veggie tales gummies   sometimes i really enjoy being sick 
is dying 
   
<propmale> malfoy   so cute with the bow in his hair   fag! -- ally cuddy yeah seriously   -- <propfemale> flint
pretty sure i'm about to lose all my contacts   
finally got out of the snow only to have the phone randomly stop working and the internet to suck so it won't fix itself   grrrrrrrr
how come the first year i'm not involved in fcps we have a giant blizzard that cancels school for weeks? not fair 
"i don't know boy, i think i may be fallin' for you, droppin' so quickly  maybe i should keep this to myself  wait until i know you better  i am trying not to tell you, but i want to  i'm scared of what you'll say so i'm hiding what i'm feeling  but i'm tired of holding this inside my head  i've been spending all my time just thinking \bout you  i don't know what to do  i think i'm falling for you """
procrastination at its best   tea leaves on mylifetime com  the future has vaguely been told about 5 times now 
"dear human beings, if you are going to insult someone at least learn how to insult correctly  i am not a hoe   that is a farming tool  i do not find that incredibly insulting  in fact it's more insulting to you  hoe= farming tool ho=whore  <propfemale>? thanks  <propfemale>"
come see the vagina monologues tonight and tomorrow at 7 smile 0 in newdick in shafer street playhouse! help support rainn!!
"\glitter is like the herpes of arts and crafts  you can never get rid of it!\"""""
usually loves rain   but not when it destroys my phone  let's hope i can fix this 
the rice helped!! my phone has been restored! yay! i can now be contacted once again  smile 
does anyone have a video camera? and does that person want to help me make a movie? anyone?
babysitting costumes for <propfirst> all night
long day   i'm over it all 
"dear sleep, please take me in your arms  love <propfemale>"
fyi it is possible to make a chocolate chip cookie in the microwave  <propfirst> flint you were wrong!!
"tonights events were    um   interesting? somewhat successful, but also completely unimaginable "
procrastination 1 focus 0  oh intro how i hate thee in this instant 
i love hummus! but not just any old hummus! <propfemale> hummus! who could ask for anything more?
is officially completely stressed out right now  ahhhh!!!
finally going to sleep at 7am  good timezzzzzzzzzzzz    
today fails  miserably 
today is looking to be a good one!
8 days    that is all  8 days and then i'm done  forever 
what a fantastic end to the day   a possible job this summer? and actually theater related!!!
really looking forward to the end of <propmale> history  hate 
finally got to be the swan  what a wonderfully bittersweet day 
officially done with freshman year! home tomorrow!
does anyone know the dates of the snow days in february? this is very important  please and thank you!!
"who knew the beach was going to be so fantastic  ready for the next trip! love you <propfirst> henley, ally cuddy, and <propfemale> borda!!!"
forgot just how much i missed richmond until i found myself sitting in the compass enjoying some tropical smoothie   75 days til i'm back for good!!!
find your stage door    then dance beyond it 
congrats to wt woodson class of 2010!!
who wants to go into dc on saturday between the hours of 1pm and 5pm with me for national dance day?
richmond  tomorrow  less than 24 hours  apartment  move in  ally cuddy  <propfirst> henley  packing  no time  so excited  can't wait  ahhhhhh!
sometimes having a family business sucks 
dreading chemistry  then off to carytown  anyone wanna join?
never again 
speaks to damn fast for her own good  speed monologues  nuf said 
the elephants are on a rampage 
so much for my first full weekend in richmond   
just made ketchupish food topping thing with ally cuddy  greatest thing ever  be jealous 
off to indiana to say goodbye 
back in richmond and so much to do  bad timing 
<propfirst> from sytycd is in camp rock 2? pretty sure at least   
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=c5ysj_4lzkc&nr=1
supernatural marathon   12am-8pm  i iz so excited!
a very much needed night in with <propfirst> henley    preparing a wonderful surprise for ally cuddy and kaytlyn young  smile 
"i am second  i forgot for a while, but i'm back now "
happy <propmale> ericson day!!
happy <propmale> ericson day kaytlyn young!!!
why is bones so distracting?!? i have a 3 <propfemale> paper to write! bones   paper    bones   paper   bones 
why is this observation paper so difficult?
needs to get her priorities straight    now even more cause all i'm thinking about now is <propmale> potter 
all ready to do work   too bad i forgot one necessary item for everything i could be doing  lets play games instead!!!
weekend! cleaning and getting ready for <propfemale> messenger and <propfemale> adler to come visit meeeee!
needs to stop having headaches  now please  3 weeks of dying is enough 
is now obsessed with nerf guns! thanks <propfirst> roberts and <propfirst> <propfemale>!!
watching the human centipede with <propfemale> guns gunson  why do i let her talk me into these things 
hates writing  i would rather memorize 32 pages of text than write 4 
"i want <propmale> potter to be real sooooooo baaaadddd  that would make my life  movie marathon with ally cuddy, then book marathon to follow!"
happy veterans day! thank you 
"titanic <propfemale> leonardio dicaprio fells the he has confessed he gets lonely sometimes  \--<propfemale> celebritys ( ally cuddy <propfirst> eames)"
hates this feeling   
where will i be march 27th? seeing   i have never been more excited  yes! best day ever!
finally not dying 
take it back  let the dying commence 
doesn't like how it's snowing everywhere else but 60 degrees here  it's christmastime it's supposed to be cold 
stoooooopid! ally cuddy
"5 movies in and the first all-nighter of the week is almost done  at least one more sleepless night to go with my girlfriend, ally cuddy "
25 hours later    crashing    23 hours to go    stop crashing nao!
back in richmond!!!! time for the last bit of chem and cleaning  what an exciting life i lead 
ally cuddy needs to learn how to talk  first she randomly drools a huge drool puddle while reading texts and then spits while saying woot  this is why we do not <propfemale> out on my bed 
after listening to a two minute recording of my own voice on repeat for the past two and a half hours i have come to the conclusion that i would like to apologize to all of you who have to listen to it on a regular basis  please let me finish this paper soon!
done! let the celebrations begin! it's almost kaytlyn young time! so essited!
enjoying some fantastic foursome time with ally'son cuddy <propfirst> eames and <propfirst> moore  cookie cakes and gingerbread houses yes plznthnkyou!
really wishes the heat worked in the apartment  instead when we turn the heat on the smoke alarm goes off  rawr 
it is no longer lack of ally day 5  why? because i am at ally'son cuddy's house!!!!
is it bad that watching super size me makes me want mcdonalds? off to micky d's with ally'son cuddy
i has pets!
apparently being 5 ft tall is something to make fun of  i hate you all  ally cuddy  and <propfirst> eames in particular  i am not that short 
spice world? yes please  also here is your update kaytryn!!!
just when i was finally happy everything falls apart  thanks life 
"if it snows tuesday night so i cannot get to richmond on wednesday i will dig a hole, crawl into it, and cry   a lot  i need to get to richmond!"
is there anyone who can help put me back together? i am sick and tired of not being able to workout because my ankles hate me 
"dear grc housing office mailroom, if you post hours you should be open  just because i accidentally got a package sent there does not mean i should have to make my way across campus five times a day just to check if i can get my textbook that i need  now i have to wait until monday  i am not sorry i was a bitch to you girl in the office  lots of hate, <propfemale>"
"dear fabulous weather, i missed you  but if you could stop making me feel like i'm dying so that i could actually go outside and enjoy you, that would be great  plzntankyou, <propfemale>"
how do you trust when everyone you trusted goes away?
up nice and early to start preparing for shelbyjean henley 's birthday celebration!!
ice cream and cake  do the ice cream and cake!
just learned how to make coffee!! thanks shelbyjean henley!
<propfemale> is my name and procrastination is my game  no one can beat me 
<propfirst> eat world wiff kaytryn and ally-san!!!
"first <propfemale> messenger and <propfemale> adler, now a 21 jumpstreet marathon that kaytlyn young would be proud of, <propmale> precieuses ridicules (two precious maidens ridiculed) at 8, and then movie night with <propfirst> eames and <propmale> haynes!! what a great day!!"
according to seventeen magazine's twitter 87% of followers would rather meet <propfirst> bieber than their soulmate tomorrow  what is wrong with this world?
playing wif da babies smile  they so funny!
oh hello tap shoes! it's been a long time  welcome back into my life  you've been missed 
girls night! yay for spontaneity!
home after awesome adventures with the lovely shelbyjean henley! we gotta make this a habit smile 
really really sick of this dead arm  at first it was funny watching my arm flop around everywhere  now it's annoying  8 hours so far! puh-lease wake up soon!
"i have been looking forward to the oscars all month and now i can't even stay awake long enough to pay attention  thanks simple, no big deal, surgery for making my life a living hell  but morphine is nice   that is all i have to say "
"stuck in the hospital until thursday or friday sad  thanks ally cuddy, shelbyjean henley, and <propmale> haynes for taking such good care of me!"
this tome tomorrow i will be home!!! 3 surgeries and 6 days in the hospital later and this nightmare is almost over  now for home iv antibiotics and the healing if the wound and i'll be as good as new!!!
i hate being attached to iv's  i just want to be free sad 
vcu!!! that's how you dooooo iiiittttt!!!
"is now officially home for good  or at least i better be  now what was supposed to be a simple outpatient surgery turned into a deadly infection that required two more surgeries and a week in the hospital, then at home iv antibiotics that resulted in an allergic reaction that required two more days in the hospital  longest two weeks of my life "
let's go vcu!!
never been more proud to be a ram  sweet sixteen baby!!!!
let's go rams!!!!
vcu you have put me through so much stress this evening but it was all worth it  elite eight here we come!!!
vcu!!! let's go raaaaammmmmmmsssss!!!!!
we are the rams!! final four!!! go vcu!!
