05a3d4c55228eb1ded4babd1e3d0da26
"is scared, pissed, and worried     no idea what to do  sad "
"if anyone needs their nails, feet or a wax number 1 nails on jubal early is doing a promo for 20% off   they do a great job! ! !"
<propfemale>'s a b***h! ! ! !
"sitting here sulking, but excited for mon "
had one of the best days yesterday   smile  now bak 2 reality 
just waitin to see who is real and who is fake! ! ! ! the truth always comes out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is psyched! ! ! !
i passed! ! ! !
doing the same as always     js
just hangin out waiting for some good times to follow in the coming 2 weeks!!!
toilet babies! ! ! ! !  oh shit   
if it's not one thing it's another   
it is what it is   
"just got home from spending a great day with my mommy, bubba and his lil luv bird   lol    smile "
"is it me or is <propmale> becoming a little cocky, and the girls a little psycho??"
just hanging out like always
gettin a good night sleep and than out to play in the snow with my lil san 2moro! ! !   time for sum snow angels
"psyched, my girl and i are going to go work out 2moro    hope i am still alive afterwards "
had an awesome week hanging out with tate and katee   want to go back
"sssooo sick, i hate this feeling"
all better now time to get back to the gym   smile    sad 
"sitting outside, playing on the comp enjoying the weather    what a life"
just got home from seeing avatar in 3d with the girls     awesome
just hanging out job searching as usual   blahh
"every1 keep ur fingers crossed for me, i had an interview finally! ! !"
sitting here thinking about life and everything that it brings   
on my way to reston to find my bridesmaids dress and to just escape for a week or so     
well getting ready to head back home   sad 
"went to the parade (swore i wouldn't  but i did), now at home hanging on the couch watching my burn develop"
waitin 4 morn to cum so i can go swimming
i swear the world is against me getting a job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"being a nurse means: you have immense responsibility & very little authority  you step into peoples lives and make a difference  some bless you and others curse you  you seepeopleat their worst and their best  you see life begin and end  you see peoples capacity for love, courage and endurance  this is nurses' appreciation week! repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse and or appreciate a nurse!"
"have you ever had something to tell someone, but couldn't because you were too scared to get hurt, or destroy what is   "
"why all the drama, is it really necessary???  i can't wait to move where no1 knows me"
happy i am in a good place in life right now   smile 
it is so nap time
just hangin out round the house   getting ready for 2moro and the rest of the week   
fingers and toes are crossed
"just sitting here hanging with my bubba, lil kt and the weenie   lol"
i am one happy lucky girl   smile 
"dag namit, will i ever get over this cough! ! !"
has to get back to the gym n the morn    but still feel like pooh   sad 
"just hanging out,  thinkin bout stuff   "
just chillin
"sittin here, thinking"
watching the weirdest movie   
cha-laxin with the wiener dog   smile 
???   crying 
"to get through it, you have to go through it "
just hanging out waiting for my babysitter to come stay with me    lmao! ! ! !
think i'm gonna head to the wellness center for a good swim    smile 
went for a nice swim   nothing is more relaxing   smile 
"damn dog! ! !  i just put brand new sheets on my bed, turned around and she pissed on them, i could grill her some times i swear (but she is so cute)   "
just hanging out sittin here like always
just got home had a blast @ the <propmale> petty concert w  3 of my girls   smile 
why do we turn down the radio in the car when we think we smell something? yep   you know you're so laughing right now because you've done it too!!!
i have to say <propfemale> white is my hero and i hope to be just like her   now off to the zoo     yeah   playful 
"i'm stronger because of my hard times, i'm wiser because of my mistakes, i'm happier because of my sad times, and i'm smarter because of my moments of confusion"
"rip aunty <propfemale>, you will be missed 9 8 2010"
still searching for the all mighty job      ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
people take responsibility for your own actions and stop blaming others for own self righteousness and remove yourself from that pedestal you put yourself on!
"psyched get to go stay with my lil man for a few days while his daddy works, but feel terrible because leavin the madre and wiener all by their lonesomes   crying "
back hanging out at home and job searching
hey girly hope all is going well for you
ready to be a bridesmaid! ! ! !  for my bubba and soon to be s i l   smile    love 
back to reality       crying 
"is thankful for having such a wonderful family that sticks together no matter what, and for my select group of people who i can truly call friends   i love you guys"
can't wait for wed! ! ! !
just sitting here contemplating life   
just wanted to wish everyone a <propfemale> x-mas and happy new year! ! ! !  be careful and safe
"so new year, hopefully that means better luck and new adventures! ! !"
"so with the exception of  all cutting my finger this morning, i have had a good day   made a great homemade hearty tomato soup     yummy"
sitting with the doxie watching the tube 
what would you do if you knew you could not fail?????
anyone know a snow dance????
ready to spend the week with my bubba and sil 
so in case i'm not on here again before valentines day   hope everyone gets to9 spend it with their loved ones and always remember to tell them how much they mean to you 
everyone ready for this storm???  i am
thank god no groundhog shadow was seen   come on spring i am ready! !
"thanx for the birthday wishes, hope all of u have a good weekend!!!"
"getting ready to go to the melting pot   uuuuummmm (the fondue one, not pizza place)"
so did any1 else think that the half time show sounded like complete crap? ? ! !
feels trapped like a little kid   crying 
things are starting to look up! ! ! !
so i am getting ready to eat some balut  if you don't know what it is look it up! ! ! !  lol  try not to get sick though   smile 
getting ready to go play with all the lil kiddies! ! !
"doing some early facebook spring cleaning      lol  sorry no offense to anyone, well   "
   
yeah for <propfemale>! ! ! ! !
"just sitting here day dreaming of what the perfect life would be     ha, not possible"
you need to know who u r and what ur place is and they need to also    but u deserve to be loved the way u love back  never settle 4 less 
