834581080436145f2d90bdcef951b266
"is alone again, in this mausoleum of a house"
just learned why not to have drunk friends over for hot tubing in the absence of parents    clean up on front porch please!!!
"is close to peacing out    tis the hour of night, and though that hour is dark tis a good hour to plunder, especially ones bed"
"might be over with relationships for a while, they never seem to go as planned   "
couldf use a job and some cash
not fair!!!!!! i wana <propmale> the tornadoes!!!!!!!!!!
needs to find a better school
wants to go splunking
blahhhhh spaghetti monster!!!!!!
"is back to his bubble, lost and confused   "
bar hoped his way into sleepyness
is done trying to be nice to his cunt ex-bitch-girlfriend   
really guys? our universe is in 11-d? lets try 5-d    seriously!
woot woot for tensors!!!
is finally registering for class
squanderer of good fortune
peace corps?
hmmmm     green house gasses    ?
needs a friend who knows nuclear physics and o-chem!!!! i have an idea!!!!!
is ready to get the fuck back to verm!
"where is the morality in a school denying to process a students fed  student <propfemale>, if the fed didn't deny the <propfemale>!?!?!?!????? this is fucking bullshit!!!!!!! if this was an election i would be <propmale> gore!!!!!!!"
"has officially got the \party\"" out of his system    i think"""
a toast to the shrinking class of west 08'
what the fuck is it with everyone being prego or getting married!?!?!!!?
what the fuck is it with everyone being prego or getting married!?!?!!!? is there a memo i missed or something?
damn bra!!!!! there are some fine ass ass girls on campus over the summer!!!!!! wtf!!!!!
is still in verm
% night cruise to bahamas $229! gotta love them discounts!
5 night cruise to bahamas $229! gotta love them discounts!
believes it's possible for our gen to have a festival that rivals woodstock
is sooo ready to get back to verm!
i lost my phone!!!!!!!!  crying 
is getting a guitar for x-mas!!!! chhhhhyea!!!!!
fuck this new year
"is looking to recruit help in finding locating abandoned vacant buildings and or large open properties near the mankato area    anybody with information or would like to help, is highly encouraged to do so!!!! i am neither confirming nor denying it will be for raves parties "
"wants the new year to actually feel like a new year, instead of a new day    why does it feel like when the <propfemale> turned the chapter stayed the same    cracker please!  playful "
"is looking to recruit help in finding locating abandoned vacant buildings and or large open properties near the mankato area    anybody with information or would like to help, is highly encouraged to do so!!!! note, i am neither confirming nor denying it will be for raves parties "
"is looking to recruit help in finding locating abandoned vacant buildings and or large open properties near the mankato area    anybody with information or would like to help, is highly encouraged to do so!!!! note, i am neither confirming nor denying it will be for raves parties "
"thanks everbody for the bday wishes!!!! now tis time to find my phone battery and memory card, anybody wana join the search party????"
"megz: <propmale>, i can't out drink people tonight, but i could prob out pass out people tonight!"
feels like he's failing
"beat meet the act of being content    yes, i do believe you are ready to go forth on to the world!"
"just got my first full length insturmental finished, \alrigt! giggady giggady giggady!!!\"""""
"wtf, is a \tub-bubblet?\"""""
is drowning him self in alcohol tonight
nope no answers at the bottom of that bottle    how come one dude can makes things go this way
all is right in the world again!  laugh 
where is my mind?
where is my mind?!??
is wishing to feel better in the morning
i have the most amazing gf a guy could ask for
peanut butter and turkey sandwich???
bullet dodged! yes!!! now time to unwind
"it's sister week! if you have a sister who makes your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life, and generally makes life interesting by being around, copy and paste this to your status with their names at the end  victoria(twerppy) tucker"
is love'n life    oh these are the good times     laugh 
god i love college with out classes!
is down heartened for no apparent reason   
"wants to get out of here! go some place far away, like my own paradise"
fuck it   
is feeling better about everything
wishes there was a book with the answers   
"feels like he's being punished by the universe    no college, no home, no health care, low income, and a <propmale> relationship    where is the god or humanity in all of this, in this world gone to pot    i just wish i knew how to fix it all"
brand news new album=audio orgasim
will somebody please just throw me a bone and tell me how to fix this
thumbs up mia!!! horrifying but totally right and with point!!!!
if you were a sweater i'd wear you on my head
gotta love the gi <propmale>!!!!!!!
omg!!! such an awsome day!!
bed time   
"omg still in awe of mia's born free video    you won't find it on youtube; but still, watch it!!!"
mmmmm    tired
is working on remixing purole haze with <propfemale> in the sky with diamonds
"wtf kiss!!! why?!?!?! lady gaga should have never been compared to y'all, specially by y'all!!!!! all hope is lost for you!!!!!!!!! rip kiss"
ne-an-der-tal? ne-ch-an-der-tal?    -s-ander-tal
so i guess i'm kelso(that 70's show)     sweet   !
computer die!!! errrr work damn it!!!
"end! that is what's about to happen to my computers life! oh yes it will end, and there will be blood    wait no that doesn't work, perhaps blue smoke?"
19 more days till <propfemale>'!
not sober
"define sober, cause i'm nit sure if i quite know what that is   "
it's true! it's true! i love you!  laugh 
"it's true! it's true! i do! i do, love you  kiss "
no small rooms please  annoyed 
blah work
"heartburn and i, not exactly buddies right now"
sleeping off the night soon
a nickle sweet    that use to be a gallon of gass  annoyed  oh how far we've come
funny how rent changes one's out look on one's home    like i went out of my way to mow today to make the house look good    weird!!!
"oh songs on the radio that make me think of science camp, how i love you"
"is working intensely on a new song    thought: math and music? whole note=2'pi', patterns= 'integ'(0,2'pi'), wave equation+min dt   ?????"
sober? no   
hmmmm white stripes whilst delivering    i likey
i love you me-haun
   lawn mowing    *sigh*
bella's only a week away!!!!!!!
where in the gee-willaggers is everybody in vemrillion? who is even here still?
woot woot!!!! 2 tickets to project earth!!!!
<propfirst> lajoie is fucking hysterical
"oh how i love being young and on top the world! so many freedoms, so many choices!"
<propfemale>' in 4 more days!!!!
<propfemale>' <propfemale>    3 days and counting
figuring out fin aid and registering for classes at wit!!
"oye headache! blue tape, red tape, form blah, gotta love the va"
who's going to bellavida!!!!!????????????
if you're going to <propfemale>' give me a call!!!!!!
<propfemale>!!!!!
<propfemale> was amazing!
working on his dreds and some new crunchy tracks
"the tyrannical hippie camp! check us out!!!\www myspace com thetyrannicalhippiecamp"
"misses his beautiful and amazing girlfriend, megz love "
had a blast volunteering today
damn times have changed   
megz  laugh  tehehehe    bet you can't guess who is planning your bday with me  playful 
soccer hooligans!!!
"last night's discovery, hy-vee has a pretty deace beer selection    wow"
<propfemale> shit! it sounds like pink <propmale>    god i love making music
ponders the works of the world's giants   
who's going to project earth?
 laugh  megz  love 
4 days till kato!!!! 5 till project earth!!!!
it's back to making some beats
is digging virtual dj pro
"i am more pumped than ever to spend 3 days with one person in the same place    <propfemale> park with megz for project earth will surely be a most amazing event    science camp, sorry but you have some serious competition    wow, i never thought i say that    hmmmm perhaps organic is the way to go, duh!!!!!"
"a zombie attack with out dancing, is a zombie attack not worth having"
project earth!!! i'm coming home!!!
"project earth just suddenly started to feel like jurassic park     solution, get drunk"
<propfemale> park was good to me this weekend    can't wait to find some time to go down and return the favor by volunteering to help around building and cleaning!!!!!
"broke with bills to pay and my girlfriends parents hate me    well, at least the sun is out"
feels like a night to sleep on the balcony or the hammock
omg!!!!!! somebody save me from vermillion!!!!!! i am sooooooo bored!!!!!!!
somebody save me from verm!!!!
free the elephants!!!!
yea    that's right! i started the <propfirst> <propmale>!
"bye bye beatles, hello fair trade!!!"
i just want to apologize and clear the air   
 annoyed 
ready for classes
"rip wookie, you were the best sunflower i ever had  sad "
needs to seriously find better living arrangements!
is jamming to the sounds of wookiefoot and the rain out side   
wishes he could be at science camp again!!!
they bombed world cup parties!!!!! wtf!!!
doesn't understand why girls feel the need to drtess so whore-ish at concerts
the unibomber was a research subject in mkultra! wtf??? figures!
has gone crazy in boredom   
drunk munchies? yes please!
wishes he knew if he was doing the right thing    why the heavy feeling on my chest?
"looks like the government is finally moving in the right direction    capitalism today, but socialism's coming to stay!!!!!"
"what a quaint little world we should live in    just when all seems to be at it worst, with no end in sight, good news comes and makes everything seem a little brighter! the oil spill looks as if it could be stopped, obama's financial <propmale> was passed, the remains of a ship was found a ground zero, and gay marriage is now accepted in a few more places     laugh "
today has been a <propmale> good day
making some crunchie beats!!!!!
   woot woot
"me: \dude this glows in the dark!!!\""\",834581080436145f2d90bdcef951b266,"\david blane is fake! i knew it\"""""
peanut butter and jelly thin crust pizza????? yumm!?!!??
"wants to throw an amazing festival, once he gets to wit!!!"
is considering how to use carbon nano-tubes to scrub oil out of water and to create clean energy
feels like he will be given all the answers if he just listens to <propfirst> mulvey
late night at bdubs  laugh  ohhhh the things we do to see the people we love     laugh 
crazy night
this girl means the world to me  laugh  i only ever want to see her happy
dude!!!! you're such a bradass87!!!
is back in sufu then verm  laugh 
"is passed aggravated and pissy, i just wana break stuff and go to bed!!!"
"bad news comes don't you worry even when it lands\good news will work its way to all them plans\we both got fired on the exactly the same day \well we'll float on good news is on the way"
thinks it'll be a good night after all
"is picturing being back home in wv at camp  laugh  \i want to see mountains again! mountains gandalf!\"""""
"weeds begins on monday, august 16th at 10pm et pt!!!!!!!!!!"
i just wana go home and pretend i never left
"\it's some lonely roads that we shall walk\"""""
just gotta grab my check tomorrow and i'll be done with that shit hole store! thank god i'm done with domino's   
i have the best gf anybody could hope to ask for  laugh  i love you megz!  kiss 
hmmmm    new job    it's gonna be weird to be back  annoyed 
"uhhhh i hate being home, everything is a fight and nothing i say is right"
was happier living in squalor    go figure
god i hate bourgeois <propfemale>
the other guy is such a good movie!
is back at the old 6th st house!!!!! omg the memories!!!!
"sleep sounds, delicious!"
is back in kato!
my friends tell me to act my age! what's my age again? what's my age again?
i need to get out of this town!
is listening to devotchka's how it ends moaping and hoping to be back soon! i've gotta get back soon!!!!
"omg i never thought i'd say this, but god it feels good to be back in vermillion!!!!!"
this summer has legitly been the best ever!
"anybody interested in a snowboard for $200(or best offer) full set up! boots, goggles, helmet, and bindings!"
"anybody interested in a snowboard for $200(or best offer) full set up! board, boots, goggles, helmet, and bindings!"
"$200 or best offer for boots, bag, goggle, helmet, board, and bindings! any takers????"
"$200 or best offer for boots, bag, goggle, helmet, board, and bindings! any takers????"
i can't believe megz and i got the volunteer postition!!!!
woot woot!!!!!!! harvest!!!!!
"from a river side bonfire\to a lake side fest\my days with you\are the best"
"from a river side bonfire\to a lake side fest\my days with you\are the best"
i just wana get back!!!!!
t-minus 15hrs 15mins till i'm back in verm!
"haha nothings changed same town, same friends, same car troubles! ohhhh verm how i love you!"
who's going to harvest? car pool?
i'm baaaaaaaaccccckkkk
i didn't know something could hurt like this
"let's get fucked up! oh <propfirst> and <propmale>, how i enjoy being able to call y'all friends!"
i miss you
harvestfest!!!! anybody who's going should hit me up! car pool?
maybe now is a good time to grow up?
harvestfest!!!!
time to party! hahaha to bad the bestie can't be here to help me rock this place
questions for last night: 1 ) where am i 2 ) why is there a chicken following me 3 ) where are my keys 4 ) why am i muddy 5 ) what the fuck dude!?!??!! oh tis good times    time to keep training for harvestfest!!!!
"is on top the world and can't be knocked down! i hope you're ready cause i came to drink and tear this shit up!!!! 2 shot, 3 shot, 4 shot, more!!!!!"
"is making more new tunes, and remixing 28 days theme to be dub step with a heavy pink <propmale> influance"
"ahhhhhhhh it's alive!!! it's alive!!!!!!!! 28 days later, meets dub step, meets pink <propmale>    ahahahahahahaaha"
finally home!
"do i stay in kato, move to <propmale>, or e playful lore the world(first stop the middle east and <propfemale>)    what's your vote?"
is planing on raging his face off tonight!
where is my mind???
"500, days of summer! you speak volumes to me!"
harvestfest!!!!!!!!!!! who's coming!?!?!?!????!!!!
is thinking of bringing a slip n' slide to harvest   
"i just picked up <propfirst>, 151 <propmale>, box wine, and a bottle for $48!!!!!"
ahhhh! i wish i remembered what those shows were coming up in the cities!!!! i really wanted to go but i can't remember who  where it was!!!!!
still recovering from harvest!
truely epic weekend bra! i'm pretty sure i drank away more brain cells then what should be humanly possible
all is on it's way to being back in order!
"is ready to go back home, be it science camp, <propfemale>, or verm    oh it's funny how times change places take on meaning   "
is looking for a roommate! any vermillionairs interested???
wants to take part in the rally to restore sanity
i believe i may be developing hippie feet
i need to find roommates in verm! stat!
i  need to find roommates in verm! stat! anybody interested?
"kid cudi- up, up and away! what a good song first thing in the am"
"they call me tucker md, what's up!"
is most likely mankato bound in the am
hey mr  tambourine man    i'm on my way to find who you are
oh wookiefoot how you make everytihng good and alright again!
clubs!!!
not the night i needed or wanted     sad  i'm ready to go home to <propfemale>
"well vermillion, i left! if you should decide you'd like to get in touch with me you prob already know how, and should    in the mean time hello kato, untill i can pay for my travels around the globe start with my migrations to the north east and then out west    saudi arabia sounds rad    so does dubi(sp?)    this is how i do my soul searching   "
"if you multiply an orgasm by -i, does that make it real and positive?"
is signing off for the night! peace facebook
i really really really wana break this bottle!!!!! lol hahahaha
dub step? yes please! hitting the studio and making epic epicness via my tune-ige!
anybody wana buy all 5 seasons of weeds!?
"\i'll put you on my list!\"""""
donde es la festias at!?
hitchhiking to fort collins?
"\i've seen better days   \"""""
i just wana get drunk! what an awesome escape!
"best quote of the night: \how do i get back to america?\"""""
"tomorrow, job hunting"
legit! dragon heart is on lol
is sooooo planning on trick or treating this year!!!!
back to the studio??? prob a good time idea!!!!!
oh how mankato is soooo beautiful on days like today
"every time i laugh <propfirst> thinks of the gorillaz song, feel good inc  legit!!!!!"
who wants to car pool to <propfirst> <propmale>'s rally in dc!?
fucked up    again
is on a lyrical writing spree! time to let my mind free! let it play in the vocab streets! i'll let it stand on its own feet! and give it music to feed! it'll def find that to be neat! in it's world nobody needs to pack heat! here we all believe in peace! this place where music notes wear flece! it's a place for me! a place i wish you could see!
is on a lyrical writing spree! time to let my mind free! let it play in the vocab streets! i'll let it stand on its own feet! and give it music to feed! it'll def find that to be neat! in it's world nobody needs to pack heat! here we all believe in peace! this place where music notes wear flece! it's a place for me! a place i wish you could see!
http annoyed  m youtube com watch?gl=us&client=mv-google&hl=en&v=gh_btkyjv5s
hahaha epic night morning  wink 
is so so confused
is happy either way this turns out!
omg amazing
sober fun sucks
i am totally digging mumford and sons!!!!!! and bon iver!!!!!!!!
bon iver's ep blood bank is amazing!!!!
willson! lmao!
oh manchester orchestra    how you make me smile  
feels like being back in kato is bringing him closer to the music scene again    maybe i really should chace a career in the industry
likes it when the trees waving in the wind syncs up to the beat of a song
quote: i could totally beat somebody up! i have really sharpe elbows!!!!!
hahaha oh weeds! how i love the newman family! lol
"let's see if this works, \red robins!\"""""
bonfire tonight?
is listening to brand new    enough said
is leaving in an hour     annoyed 
what   ?
feels like he's been taken for granted
happy hippos and vegetarian carnivores! today is bound to be a bizarre one!
"word of the day, who-haw!"
ee mah'sha allah! the day is almost over   !
i talk to much!
"mumford and sons, i love you"
oh no! my mood ring was stolen    not sure how to feel about that     annoyed 
just watched pink <propmale>'s the wall    dope ass movie!!!!!
i want giant hands the size of a person!!!!
<propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> cash weekends are the best!
is rediscovering he's a nerd for physics and math
2 more years till my mathematical creativity peaks! better start hitting the books extra hard!!!!!
proof for a hypothesis thru noting the topology of the graph of the equation at hand   ? hmmmm   ? i like where this idea is going  laugh 
i wana go swiming! more specifically i wana go skiny dipping tonight! who's with me!?
want's to go to the clubs next weekend!!!!
"wants to have a horror movie marathon for halloween, and slam drinks at all the dumb scenes, then after we get drunk go trick-o-treating!!!!"
"so for a costume i'm thinking shaggy, <propmale>' ladin, or <propmale> morrison    what do you think?"
"you know you're a nerd when, you find it to be hot when a girl says she's a math <propmale>"
"is drifting off to slumber land's slumber world, a region known for it's psychedelic dreams and tasty tangerines"
is thinking about being the <propmale> of hearts    who want's to be my <propfemale>?
is falling in love with radiohead
"i should go work on my proof right about now, and try to write the code to simulate it"
"the trashier, the classier"
haha gotta love cheesy horror movies
"i have finally found my zin again, and know what i want in life; thanks to my friends and getting the fuck out of that poo-dunk dead end town called vermillion! majors- math and physics, minors- <propmale> and arabic, job- humanitarian aid for a short while(3-5yrs) while doing research on the g u t  then returning to academia to finnish my phd become a prof of mathematics and physics"
i would get sick right before halloween!!!
i sooooooo wish i could be in dc right now!!!!!!!
why! why don't reality and hopes e playful ectations ever line up??????
yeap over it   
does anybody know what ever came of kat <propfirst> burean    there's one cracker from clarke i really miss and should talk to!!!!!!!
"i'ma, i'ma hust'la"
"if you're in mankato tonight, and you know where a parties at     hit a broth'a up!!!!!"
dude! it's fucking <propfirst> ginsberg and <propfirst> bukowski
is going to go play out side somewhere    rassmussen? sibly? riverfront? or maybe redjacket    anybody wana join???
"please join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten or attacked by a velociraptor  it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport  velociraptors are, after all, kind of unstoppable  93% won't copy and paste this  ?"
misses home(verm)
"modest mouse    i \less than\"" 3 you!"""
grime and dub step!!!! two new fav forms of music!!!!!!
i wana go to the pretty lights show this weekend  crying 
who wants to go to sufu to see wookie and lunar next friday?????
i wana go go-kart racing in downtown mankato!!!!!
what is sober??????
what an odd yet epicly fun night last night!!!!!
copy this to your status if you're brave and see what people rate you 1)ghetto   (2) wish we went out   (3) talkative   (4) sarcastic   (5) lovable    crazy   (7) i want u   ( smile  spoiled   (9)    trustworthy   (10) wild   (11) funny   (12) handsome   (13)    mature   (14) athletic   (15) wish i had your    number   (16   ) honest   (17) great friend  (1 smile  cute  
"hip hip horray!!!!!! cause tomorrows the day, that i get my pay!!!!!"
is waiting at a stop light next to jigsaw
"why do i not know of more hippies in kato??? i mean, it's kato!!!!!"
<propmale> colber is talking about four locos!!!!!! and drank it!!!!!!
<propfemale> is like a thrift store!
where do i get my transvestite deer license?
"ummmm yea, so about this <propfemale> over    there is no amount of ibuprofen that will cure it"
"*looks towards his fridge, walks over and opens, stairs at the mountain of booze and shouts* \get in my belly\"""""
where the parties at tonight mankato?
"so     if you know where crazy mikes place is     can you come get <propmale> and i?????? his phone is dead, mine is missing, and neither of us drove here"
"i just noticed, there are 420 pictures of me on fb"
"dear person with my phone, please return it    it's my baby   "
"is in \the studio\"""""
wants a huge perm     fro? highly possible    my future may include way big hair
"if you were a pickup line, what would you be????"
"what festies should i go to this summer   ??? mile high, bonna, waka, earth dance, <propfirst> city limits,  bear creek, lolla, <propfemale>', project, and harvest     too many choices!!!!!!!! oh yea, ps who wants to plan a trip to apple river this summer????"
i just want my phone back   
soooo pretty sure i might be home alone on thanksgivings   
"is spending the next week reading about matrices, diffrential geometry, tensor machanics, and modern physics    wish me luck    my brain may e playful lode    next stop, thesis!"
"alright, so here's thething    come on over, around like 7-9    it's 1009 <propfemale> lake dr, lake <propfemale>     i only want it to be small    just like a tight nit group of us, like 12 of us or w e    "
is eating a microwave dinner    c'est la vie
"everybody should make a point to try and check out atmosphere's new songs     all i can say is amazing, totall feel good music, an entirely new sound for them"
"<propfemale> over <propfemale> over go away, please don't fucking stay"
is looking for the next best thing   
"has lost his phone and now has a replacement    so if you think it is important for me to have your number, dont be a stranger  you're more than welcome to send it to me   "
"all ye manka'-donians brave enough to venture off into the blizzard and haze that is snowball, hear me now!!!!! i am trying to get a caravan together to brave the storm together, for i to want to jam with the yetties of lutsen mountain!!!!! now, who is with me??????????"
wakarusa is taking apps to be a volunteer now!!!!!!!!!
need help with his new tattoo concept    i want a tree but idk how i want it to look or what to incorporate with it
yo yo yo!!! what's up! what's up! mankato!?!???!!!! where the parties at????
"clubs in the cities, bars down town, or party      ??????????"
may be drunk        
come to crazy mikes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dear ladies of <propmale>'s facebook, this is a message from a concernd friend  our dear <propmale> could use some speciall attention, as he prob hasn't been laid in a month and a half! this is because he is still stuck on his ex, something im sure we all find insane  anybody interested in helping with either prob, please txt, coment or like this status! thankyou, a concerned friend"
ummm yea    asshole friend did that    sorry
i just want my verm life back   
   can winter be over yet!?!?!??!!!
er body come drink at <propfirst> schoders
is going to see about a girl
fuck you wellsfargo!!!!!!
meet me in mantauk
can't get past it    i don't wana get past it    it feels to amazing for it to be anything short of real and worth wild   
hmmmm sleep or drink tonight   
 crying 
my proposal for an anti-cig ad: cigarettes raped my children and killed my mother!
jurassic park in 3d would be sick!!!!!
calling all friends! who wants to barve the treacherous trenches of the snow and rescue <propfirst> schoder and i from our mass levels of boredom!
"calling all friends! who wants to barve the treacherous trenches of the snow and rescue <propfirst> schoder and i from our mass levels of boredom! you would be out hero, and we would be forever indebted to you!!!!"
"party at <propfirst> schoder's!!!! all ye brave enough, come join our fun!!!!"
nix that no party    however you're more than welcome to rescue us    please rescue us!!!!!!
"somebody please!!!!!! pick me up!!!!! i need to get out of here!!!! i'm at highland, just off balzersack(sp???)"
 laugh  tis a good life with my good friends     laugh  blizzards aren't so bad   
needs to start looking for possible roommates and apts before i start back to school in the spring  playful 
balancing budgets suck! bills bills bills
i have got to find a job working in the industry!
"dear winter, please go away! your fucking depressing with all the cold snow and lack of color!!\thanks,\<propmale>"
"tonight, was a good night  laugh "
"dear winter, you're depressing me! please go away!\as always thanks,\<propmale>"
mmmm bored
is going home and passing out early tonight!
is very tire of the snow    i'm ready to move and get the fuck out of here!!!!!!!! before i have to shovel my way out! fuck mn this is ridiculous! i wana go someplace far away from the midwest and 4ft snow drifts!!!!
hmmmmm     poetic style? i like that    haha
"   coma? yes, please   "
works gonna suck   
wine in a can   ?
groovy
what ever happen to the m(music) in mtv?????
jump for the <propmale> at a label or stay on course and keep going with my <propmale>   ?
when is spring break at msu!?
i want bellbottom jeans!!!!!!
dope!!!! who wants to help me plan my 22 bday!!!!!!!!!!!! it shall be epic!!!!
"for those of you stay up late tonight to see <propfemale>, i'm sorry to say, he's not gonna make it tonight  <propfemale> is currently in the er after having fallen off my roof  christmas is being delayed 6-8 weeks, or until he has made a full recovery, pending the doctor's recommendation "
is buying a midi dj deck next week!
virtual boy is going to be at <propfemale>'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck yea!!!!!!!!!!!
who's going to the rave in the cities next week???? i think i'm gonna need a ride   
so    my sister gave me the beatle's white album for christmas     do i even have to point out how knarly that is?????  laugh 
get my deck wednessday!!!!
i can't wait to get my deck wednesday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ponders the inner working of the mind of the opposite sex
"can we please make \squawp\"" slang for cool??????"""
"is now taking applications for stage performers, when i make it big in the music industry! you can apply here or by any other means of facebook messaging "
love music
love music
love music
"is looking to recruit help in finding locating abandoned vacant buildings and or large open properties near the mankato area    anybody with information or would like to help, is highly encouraged to do so!!!!!"
is gonna treat tonight like it's my 21st again  laugh 
"is looking to recruit help in finding locating abandoned vacant buildings and or large open properties near the mankato area    anybody with information or would like to help, is highly encouraged to do so!!!! note, i am neither confirming nor denying it will be for raves parties "
"is hitting the studio even harder then before    goal    3 songs, 2 dj mixes, and a full set of lyrics     this is our modern day opera the hustle, the bustle, the 9-5, train rides, and w e it takes just to survive    i wana put it all into an album   "
blah!!!!!!! i am the mix master!!!!!! don't try to test me i will only self destruct on your face into a rainbow goo of awsomness the will result in your face melting off!!!!! now skeet skeet my bitches!!!!! skeet skeet!!!!!!!!!!!
mmmm drunk     yeap
on a scale of 1 to 10   
"new favorite unattractive pickup line, \i wana dip it in like a saltine in soup!\"""""
"<propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>die     yes!!!!!"
durka durka!
"if you could fight anyone in the world, who would it be?"
funny what they can do to your head man   
somebody please come kidnap me   
"is it a complement if somebody calls you a \gbag?\""\",834581080436145f2d90bdcef951b266,is drunkenly stuck in a british accent!
2 weeks! can't come soon enough     home!
ps <propmale> robinson(the chocolate <propmale> bear) can not handle his liquor!!!!
uhhhhhhh     my head    
"dear chocolate bear, why so sleepy?"
434 6th st    keg tonight    tell everyone
"oh pandora, how i love you! you box of musical mischief and awesomeness    how could the greeks have ever thought you were the source of the worlds evils?"
want's to go ride down town in a go-cart   
fuck yea!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i got the volunteer post for <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!
uhhhggg i hate mornings and waking up
it's not fair i tell you    not fair at all
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy & paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play this should be fun"
"you can call me killer fly, cause i'm a fly killer!"
when did i start getting lower abbs?
"4 day 4 corner tour of minute by atmosphere!!!!!! mankato, bimiji, rochester, and duluth!!!! feb 22-26!!!!!!"
i think i may have found where to look for my warehouses!!!!!!  laugh 
"if i were stuck on an island, i would bring my dj deck, a life time of kegs, and a tv    idk why    just would, cause i'm sure i could find a frog or a funny plant somewhere to cut down on a lot of luggage! lol"
suggestions for a dj name? i wana hear your suggestions!
"\uh oh i want some more! uh oh what are you waiting for????\"""""
"is reading, dharma bums, when i find myself suddenly contemplating watching slc! punk or groove    groove about a rave, slc! punk is    well, slc! punk    what do you think? i require suggestions "
likes the alive 2007 version of daft punk's harder better faster stronger way more!!!! sounds way more intense!!!!!!
vermillion     get ready!!!!! i'm coming home friday!!!!!!!!!!
let me tell you a little story about how i got this fly    *insert baller ass story*
there once was a troll that live under a stomp    (*start posting!!! let's see how long we can keep this story going! wink 
i'm getting paid! i'm getting that chetta'!
on my way home!!!
   hello sufu    did ya' miss me?????
hello vermillion    i missed you  laugh 
ponders the out come of this visit   
will be on his way back home shortly    hello mankato   
yeap    kato's boring(minus the <propfemale> tonight)   
dear vermillion    i missed you! you were fun this weekend    thank you  playful 
"knock knock    \who's there\"" i am now give me all of you booze!!!!"""
"   it's just like the present, to be showing up like this   "
"fuck you all! i don't remember ever being your canvas, so why would i start now!?"
oh slc! punk    how you make me happy not to be in utah   
"get off around 10, wake up at 730    do i dare drink tonight????"
patron jello shots sound like they ought to be good!
a nap would be nice   
"contents of my bookbag: <propfemale>, scotch, rum, bagged wine    prediction: good night"
really! a gun! in kato! wtf!!!!
"i've looked down the barrow of a gun tonight and all i can think about it, why are chicks soooooo fucking confusing!"
uggggghhhh i am never drinking again
she's got you high by mumm-ra    totally a baller jam    yea that's right! i said it!
clubs hotel parties soon???? who'd be down????
wants out of kato   
i should have never left vermillion    i hate this blackhole that is mankato   
i need a hug
"   eternal sunshine of a spotless mind, oh how you speak volumes to me!"
i can't believe i'm actually considering enlisting   
"free egypt! and <propfirst>    and    who's next syria, iran, ect ect???? what is going on!!!!! like really! and you honestly e playful ect us to believe the us doesnt have a hand in this??????"
job hunting monday!
i believe rounders may be my new fav bar!
quite possibly my new fav youtube video    rtsp annoyed  v8 cache5 c youtube com cjmleny73wiakglwld0zblaqahmyjcakfeigbxytcmltsarsb laugh hdgnoyoy9m6diy4gntqw annoyed 0 0 0 video 3gp
"dear fb    why do i show up in my own feed, it seems trivial    i mean, i already know my own status, updates, ect "
nooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the gorillaz are spliting up!!!!!!! *pours out some of his 40oz* this is for all my homies   
   called it    packers are gonna win!  playful 
"it is my position, that there should be a day dedicated to making others aware of the dangers of being left handed    that's right, the dangers of being left handed, and i purpose this day be called, \left handed awareness day!\"""""
bon iver    i love you    even if this really isn't a good winter
"and it's back to the recruiter's, after i get some papers from the court house"
i aint never believed in no gramar    i just belive in we all sounding like a bunch or rednecks and hicks    ye'haw!
"fallin', yes i am fallin', and she keeps callin', me back again   "
   omg    i act like jd!!!!
" laugh  today, has been a good day! i enjoyed it!"
 laugh   laugh   laugh 
today has been grrrrr-reat!!!!
"still pondering the enlisting idea    pays off debts fastest, back in school almost instantly, and get's me out of mn (though that brings up one obvious and immediate prob)"
"\   i think that possibly maybe i'm falling for you   \"""""
"dear spring, i am writing you to let you know you are always welcome to come visit us here in mn  in fact we like you sooo much, we wouldn't mind if you came a few weeks early  like for example, now would be a good time for you arival! just saying, i miss you and your warm self, with your green trees, and t-storms  please come visit soon!\-<propmale>"
"dear egypt please do not become violent    mubarak is just going to use it as justification to use militant force    you have allies, just keep doing what you're doing  global pressure will start building up soon "
"i didn't shave it of, it rubbed off    from friction   "
what's at the root of all choices ever made? emotion or knowledge?
"i'm still pondering the decision making process of people    it's got to be based on some collaboration of observation, foresight, and emotion    all of which can be grouped into memory and emotion    so how are they used to make a choice?"
"e playful losions in the sky, you are my favorite band! i love that i now have your discography!"
i want a sitar!!!!!!!!!!  surprise 
is actually sitting down and writing music on my guitar
who knows of any place that's currently hiring???
ferngully! heck yes!!!!!!!
"i need to meet a math <propmale> here in kato, somebody to geek out with over <propfirst> and theories   "
"wine, ice cream, and movie in bed    yeap    \aint getting no better\"""""
"there could have at least been monster marathons, or something,on today"
"i feel like going to the lib making a wall of books around me, then slaving away at what ever idea or concept i wana learn or prove  "
"yes! egypt to iran, keep it up! it's your right to be free! keep protesting green party, you have allies, and we can and i hope will hear your cries for aid should you ask for it!"
is studying arabic
"is peace actually possible? we have people peacivly protesting against some of the most violent nations  if i had to guess what my magic 8ball is going to say, \out look good!\"""""
wants to build a rocketship fort with someone to save us from the lava then go play with the wild things   
"logic dictates logic should be our deciding motivator    but that's not really the case is it? so why doesn't decision theory account for emotion, and leave room for it to mask logic? wouldn't that be more logical?"
"good morning, morning! how are you?"
"fuck this, i hope the recruiter is dope    hmmm ingestion of marijuana, a petty misdemeanor can keep me out   ?"
believes the opposite sex is here to torture us!
where is hiring?
"has fallen in love with the movie, the sunset limited    epic epicness!"
dear mankato    will somebody please kidnap me from lake <propfemale> tonight
honestly just wants to be over my ex    to be totally distracted    to meet somebody new who blows the top off my world    and not just some rebound   
uhhhhh     never again     never again do i wana drink
dear mn no more please! please no more!
"dear msu, do you have classes tomorrow?"
  was quite the scene   
wants to go home to <propfemale> or nysc
thinks the fountain may be my new favorite movie!
why am i so sore? i need want a back massage!
note: pink eye = zombie    mmmmk
    a cold <propfemale>?
score!!!!! i found a djing job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so gonna go apply!!!!
is crunching on some of them dirty fresh dub beats!!!!!
   and let the bassdrop!!!!!!!
"is working on reinventing the wobble and bassdrop    crunch crunch my little audio pac-mans, crunch crunch!!!!"
"wtf!!!! why is there a usd ad on youtube!!!!!!!!!! why cant i just get away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ps this is the sound of my soul dying    that's right usd, u killed my soul     dead"
haha yea   
i feel so loved!
who's coming to the cities with me tonight??????
somebody come pick my drunk ass up and take me to the bars??????
"   yea, so about this being my bday    where's the fun? i was e playful ecting to be drunk by now"
"really   ? only party i know the exact address to got busted    well    make what i can of it, right?"
"as ghandi once said \be the party you wish to see in the world\"" or something like that    fuck it    just past me the damn beer"""
haha tonight has honestly been the best birthday i could have ever asked for    and honestly guys    best present ever!!!! thank you!
"juice, a blanket, sherbert ice cream, a hot press and a movie is all i want or need!  oh! and chicken noodle soup or egg drop soup!!!!!!"
i seriously just want her off my mind    i want the heavy feeling off my chest    and i want to move on    why can't this be easier?
word to yo' mother!
"and his name is   , sir <propfirst> horse    guesses as to who or what he is????"
gonna play it like an all-star with the rebound!!!! where you at!??
"congratulations <propfemale>n idol, you have mastered the <propmale> of stereo-typing    and thank you <propfemale> for becoming so dumb you are allowing your self to be distracted from the real issues!"
so what you're saying is    i should whore myself out? mmmk i'm down!
i want to get back in school and i want to get back on top    these are the places i belong   
"p vs np    p vs np    hmmmmm    differential geometry, reduction methods, pathagrium, and knot theory    hmmmmm     ????"
"is considering switching majors     to math, arabic, and some sort of humanitarian aid work program   "
"feels lost    just need a little guidance, somebody to tell me what to do"
dubstep remix of the 5th! that's right i went there!!!!!!!! where's that bassdrop at?!!!?????
dear glitch mob    you are dope   !!!!!!!
found the sheet music to beethoven's 5th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does anybody know where i can get the tabs to a song??????????
dope!!!!! found the tabs! found the sheet music!!! i'm pumped to do this!!!!!!!!
and the laptop is the new boombox    this is the year 2011 and we will make it bump! bump and crunch like a twisted beat made to empty out your seats! feet! get on your feet! we shall party in the streets!
choppin' up the hard knocks into some ruggid drops so them beats dont flop!
omg!!!!! fl studio has a sitar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! virtual sitar simulator =  love 
"dear ludwig, what the hell do all the frilly things mean in the 5th    i could almost read it, if i just knew     not"
"so pretty sure i just made the dopest bass drop anybody could ever hope for! it pretty much sounds like a sub atomic air burst in my room    yeap, my speakers may be blown after this"
<propfirst> nash and <propfirst> smith are both wrong    
has offically started to rock!!!!!!!!!
3 string guitar = a sitar lol    well we now know what level i'm on
"\i totally just locked my keys in my car! <propmale> move huuun?\"""""
best night ever! at least since i've been back! yea i'm strong! you questioned that??????
i want the traktor kontrol s4 dj deck!!!!!!!!!!!!!! give it to me!!!!!
talk nerdy to me  playful 
basshead and sandstorm mixxed together    thoughts? mine was  surprise 
for real! for real! there need to be some clubs a club in mankato!!!
sandstorm remixed with basshead    thoughts?????
"congrats, does anybody know what's happening in libia anymore?"
does anybody know the optimum frequency for a bassdrop??? is it 30-40hz????
go bahrain and libya!!!!!!! if you want it take it!!!!! all good ideas are met with resistance!
"dear detroit, take advantage of this opportunity to revamp the auto industry!"
"dear mankato, start hiring again     thankyou"
"dear super <propfirst>, where can i find a copy of sound bites, loops, and fx used by you????????"
"dear science camp, thank you for having introduced me to onion new nearly 3 years ago  it has open my eye to a world of politics, technology, ect  that i would have never been aware of otherwise  playful "
"i swear to god, if somebody doesnt tell me how to mount these  rar files so that i can open them up i will kill a bitch"
well hello my long awaited lost nirvana kick    i was wondering when you were going to resurface    
where is the brown note!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!?????????
is looking at apts online- hey i've partied there!
who can cut hair?
mmmmm sleepy
mur mur mur mur     mooooooooooooooooo
calling all graphic design majors! who wants to help me out with a design?
dude    i just found my tha <propmale> iii cd    i though i lost that shit
bout to be blow'n up your radios!
got that ni massive on!!!!!!!!! and the bassdrop says what?????
    mmmm summer camp or <propfemale>'     summer camp or <propfemale>'   
got turntables in my eyes!
loves when i walk in to my room and it smells like insents
since when is jumping head first into something considered a bad thing???? shouldn't be seen as good and a sign of confidence???
needs a job  surprise 
is it bed time yet   ?
"\dude they are engineering robot babies\"" thank you <propfirst> koch for that bit of knowledge   """
uuuhhhhhhh work at 7:45     that means i've gotta be up by 4 smile 0-5      annoyed 
"and sat, it's off to get a djing job!!!! ch-ch-chea!!!!!!"
"whattttt!!!!! why are people up this early????? you're all sick! sick, sick people!!!!! shame on you for making your alarm clock work this early! it just wants some sleep too!!!"
"got my passion pit on and my coffee in hand    yeap, it's gonna be one of those days   "
"hot tub, sunshine, booze, and friends    note the order    yes that's right, this shall and will be bomb!!!!!!"
i'm gonna dj!
is actually kind of bummed that there wont be a pre party for project  annoyed 
"just saw bonnaroo's line up    epic!!!!!!!!! e playful losions in the sky, mumford and sons, sts9, bassnectar, string cheese incident, the strokes, the decemberist, pretty lights, ratatat, atmosphere, wiz khalifa, devotchka, and beats antique     who want's to come with!?!??!???!!!!!"
dear twin cities     i predict a visit to you soon!
3rd job   ?
omg i am so god on deck!!!!!!
nature walk anyone?
this winter felt like it was way too long and harsh!  laugh  dear spring you make me happy
"it's just like the present, to be showing up like this   "
the 5 largest suppliers of weapons in the world are also the 5 permanent nation chairs in the <propfemale>   
"why hasn't the production and possession of guns been made illegal yet, or other weapons like missles, tanks, ect ect   ? how can a war be fought if there aren't any weapons? wouldn't that help clean up a lot of what we don't like to see on the news?"
"dear netflix, thankyou for you seemingly endless list of movies    i appreciate it     otherwise, nature walk any one?????"
clubz!
had a dream i had an octopus tattoo on my hand    weird
it would be nice to read minds sometimes
1020 dubstep songs    that's 10 10gb    that's how many dubsteps song exist on my computer    woob woob woob woob drop!
is pondering mixing <propfirst> <propmale> in a mix
just pumped out 3 bomb mixxes in under an hour   !!!!!!!
i feel like i'm living the middle class mankato version of 8 mile
"\listen to <propfirst> with a candle burning and you will see your entire future \"""""
cloud cult or kinetix? i'm going for gold! this is to prove you wrong <propfemale>  playful 
dear cloud cult    i love you
"dear next pay check    i think you should know, i'm spending your bitch ass on bonnaroo tickets and enjoying the show!!!!!!!"
"so what does a brotha', in this position, do??"
"dear spring    i hope you keep this rate up, because so far    you've been amazing to me in more ways then one"
"my festi list(list of festies i wana go to): bonnaroo, wakarusa, electric <propmale>, <propfemale> out, harvest, <propfemale>', and project"
"is falling back in love with analog music players    something about them seem so much more real and tangible then ipods, smart phones, mp3 players ect ect    give me a good ol' tape player or record player any day!"
"calling all graphics designers i need help with a logo myspace design for, myspace com thetyrannicalhippiecamp"
how is a number clicky doo-dad $400 and how is it i'm the only one to break it!?
move back to sufu????
"get a studio apt????? yea, i think i can afford that  playful "
recording sesh!!!!!!
   so much for going to bed early
3 more days till my one day weekend   !
"let's rock it, like we work for nasa"
"dear medilia, i hope you're ready for me to rock your prom djing! get ready for a k-k-killer night!!!"
<propfirst> cash plus dubstep? yea i think i can spin that     playful 
"dear magic 8ball, gypsy woman, fortune cookie, and any other futurr reading device medium    please guide me towards the best choice"
it's been 3 years since my last prom and now i'm finally going back     to dj it!!!!!!!!!
"fuck it, i'm moving to fl"
does anybody else need a roommate starting at the end of may?
ps bassnectar and johhny cash totally works   
so there's this girl   
i need some epic memorable lines and monologues from dif movies and events! this is the part where y'all start making me a list ;p thanks for the help guys!
dear home    i miss you    i can't wait to be back in <propfemale>   
i love taking clothes out of the drier; if i could i would prob live in one
"hahaha infected mushroom + dubstep = infected dubstep    song soon to be added to the website, check back soon guys!!!!!"
"sometimes i wonder if the bass hits to hard, so i crank it to find out    that's when i hear the mind numbing, boom!!!!! and smile  laugh "
being responsible and mature blows! i just wana party!!!!
finally watching toy story 3 for the first time
haha <propfirst> brown's teacher    the original dubstep
one more day till i buy my <propfemale> ticket!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and 2 weeks till my pe tickets    yup    let's do this!!!!!!
dear tax return    why aren't you in my account yet!?
buying my <propfemale> tickets tonight!!!!!!!!!
pe tickets and $8 in my pockets now or $93 and pe tickets later   ?????? oh wookiefoot i wish i could track how fast the tickets are going so i knew if i had time to save!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
throw them dueces up!
is chill'n in my car in my drive way listening to e playful losions watching a storm    blissfuly relaxing
deep breath     you're doing it to pay the bills   
i wish mankato would clean its self up     annoyed 
"i'm sorry, in advanced, to whoever this is about to offend    but i don't feel like we should be praising his death    no matter how evil we may believe he is, he is still a person and did thru an act of evil bring the nation together even if for just a moment    instead shouldn't we be learning from him? how to stick to an idea not matter how unpopular or crazy it maybe   "
anybody wana sell a keyboard!?
feels like i'm getting played like a chump     
could use some breathing room from this town and these times
"man i'm putting in damn near 13hrs today and over 40 a week, tell me i'm not working my ass off!!!"
work 40 hrs then dj a wedding sat     woooot-whhoooooo
i should remix 99 problems!
dubstep show at first ave!
man fuck the man!!!!!!
"fuck it! if you're not <propmale>, you're just the system's bitch!"
"\fick you! this is a house of lies!\"""""
"the trees are in bloom\and i'm feel'n like this could be a good afternoon"
i dare you to make a better beat then this!
my new song just got compared to eoto(sp?)!!!! such a compliement!!!!!!!! and it's not even finnished!!!!! prediction    audiogasmic fo-sho'!!!!!
