6f03528228ef78063f52108e3b84f692
"alli you are the best, i luv ya!"
yay! drunk playing just dance with my <propfirst>!
omg headache 
just ordered some pizza and waiting for the fights to start 
"so proud of <propfirst>   he figured out how to get into a sitting position from laying down, he pulled himself up to a standing position in his crib, he's signing more and all done, and he did the sign for elephant at the zoo yesterday   he's so damn awesome lol "
i think lithium causes ocd lol 
"about to get tattooed, this guy is taking forever to prep "
can't sleep  ugh 
why do i do this to myself  stay up til 5 or 6 am and then complain about being tired all day 
if i just take one i'm hyper and can't sleep but if i take both i'm good  what the hell?
omg! thank goodness for her <propfemale> taking her for the night because i'm about to lose my mind 
"if the sun doesn't show soon, i will be blue "
the sun never came dammit 
you just had to come and rain on my parade 
wow it's nice to wake up at noon 
"disgusted with tito ortiz, i hope he is booted fromthe ufc "
"soon it will all be over, and there will be no more tears and no more pain "
"ash says it's a small fucking world, too small "
officially single bitches!
can't believe kharma is 4 today  happy birthday baby 
god i'm getting old 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone 
"all i want to do is have some fun for awhile, that's all i ask for "
"dammit, can't find a sitter and i really wanna go "
"i'm so bored, i wanna go do something "
"you split with me, and you have the audacity to ask in disgust if i'm already seeing someone "
"if you think crying and begging for me back is gonna work, guess again, i'm over it "
anybody wanna come watch the fights with us? let me know soon
happy mothers day
what the hell am i gonna do for the next 18 days?  sad 
"omg! 2 more damn weeks, i'm so damn bored "
"ugh power is out, and for some reason can't call or text anyone  creepy!"
all that hassle just to find out all i had to do was restart my phone  geeze
anyone wanna play drunk twister tonight?
yay! about to go visit him 
8 more days!
"damn my friends fuckin suck, can't wait til he gets out "
never drinking strawberry daiquiris again 
"just got my conches pierced, thanks ashee-poo"
"just got a <propfemale> piercing, ouch but it looks sick  thanks again ashee-poo"
yay! just waiting for him to walk out of the doors 
fuck everybody!
"tired, sore, my stupid toe hurts like a bitch  i just want to be done with all the damn drama and be happy "
"happy birthday to my lil brother <propfirst>, gettin him nice and drunk tonight "
there better be a damn good reason or i'm gonna be mad as hell 
"got to sleep in this morning, summer jam tonight, fishing and <propmale> vs liddel tomorrow, and maybe some more fishing sunday  it's gonna be a great weekend "
"mmmmmm mexican food always helps with my hangover  no fishing today, maybe tomorrow, watching the fights at the theatre, can't wait "
"disappointed with my fighters  sad  but still had a good time, bowling after the fights, then had a wonderful night at the brown palace hotel, and yummy breakfast in bed "
"i love my new dyson ball lol, and i can't wait to get the punching bag set up "
113lbs me plus 215lbs heavy handed boyfriend plus play fighting equals accidental elbow to the nose  ouch!!!
"go cart racing tonight, won the second race with a bug lodged in my eye the entire time lol gross "
just watched daybreakers and i have to say it was one of the dumbest vampire movies i've ever seen 
omg! he popped the question last night  yay!!!!!!!!
"so damn tired, but i'm going to get my ring sized today yay "
got the flowers for the bouquets and the boutenieers  yay!
shampooing the carpets and they are so gross 
"o how i love being tattooed on 4 hours of sleep, but it's gonna be worth it "
ow my god! it's so sore and swollen and we are just taking a smoke break 
thanks <propmale> for ruining the fight for me  stupid ass lesner 
wedding dress shopping thursday with my 2 favorite girls and my mother in law to be  i can't wait 
"yay!!!!!!! i found my dress! i thought the lady was crazy when she pulled it off the rack, but i fell in love with it when i put it on "
"dispicable me was so damn cute, hilarious, and i cried lol "
"full day at the spa thursday, can't wait "
"thank god for the spa tomorrow, cuz i'm about to have a nervous breakdown "
"disappointed by the spa a little bit, but love love love the orchids my hunny gave me "
"woohoo! mayhem festival here i come  16th row from korn, <propmale> zombie and 5 finger death punch!"
ugh i need a sitter for the night 
yay! finally a night to get drunk 
had fun last night  i was so damn drunk lol 
hooray for shopping!
had a great weekend with my hunny and friends  the other guys is the funniest movie i've seen in awhile 
"24+ years as a patient, and taking my kids too, and this is the first time i've ever spent an hour in the damn waiting room  people who were walkins have been seen before us  wtf!!!!!!!"
why can't health care just be free like everywhere else?
it's really sad when you have to make shit up in your head to make yourself seem like the better person 
"it's cute you think that, but i have better things to do "
"hmmm   should i go see a movie or should i go have some drinks at the club? i think i'm gonna go drink, you know since i \party\"" all the time  lmao hahahahahahahaha"""
"had a fuckin awesome time \partying\""  about to leave the club and go home and sleep """
"reminder to self: next time you go downtown for dinner and drinks, don't wear 6 inch platforms  walking from <propmale>'s to suite 200 was like walking across glass and hot coals  but in the end had lots of fun, thanks lovely lady "
having to repeat myself about things that are pretty much common sense is getting really annoying 
giving away all of <propfirst>'s old baby clothes  going through them is making me a little teary eyed  my baby boys getting so big 
omg! i know you did not just fart on my leg and acted like nothing happened  lmfao!!!!!!!!!
it's nice to know who has my back and who doesn't 
no one ever listens to me 
"taking the kids to the zoo, hopefully i can get better pics this time "
"that long ass drive for nothing cuz you forgot to turn up your bass knob, thanks "
"thanks <propfemale>, you could've been the one to save us from the strip club, but noooooo! you just had to be too tired   smile "
turned out to be a good night 
"dear mr  po, next time you schedule a visit to the house can you please make sure it's a day that i'm motivated enough to make the house pretty for you  cuz todays just not working for me  thanks"
"dear mr  po, just wanted to let you know that i worked my ass off cleaning so the house would be pretty for you  thanks for not showing up, again "
stupid men!
questioning what sanity i do have 
what to make for dinner   
fml
"i hope to see everyone at the step up for down syndrome walk on sunday, seeing as no one has registered "
"thank you to those who came to walk for <propfirst>  for those who couldn't come for a good reason i understand  as for those who just didn't come, you suck!"
tristans sleep study went well  he did really good with the therapist putting all the sensors and whatnot on  his head was wrapped like a mummy lol  but i'm so tired 
"bought the kids a mini trampoline and they haven't stopped bouncing since i put it together lol  also got <propfirst> a rody horse, he loves bouncing on it  definitely worth $50 "
getting my <propmale> fix 
been running on 2 hours of sleep since 6am and yet i'm still wide awake cuz i just can't get enough of this damn show 
"i solved the rubik's cube, yay me lol"
"going to the <propfemale> mtn  zoo today, gonna test out the kids new cadillac wagon "
"had a blast at the zoo  got some really great pictures, missed a really amazing one cuz my camera was being dumb "
13th floor tonight yay!!! i better be scared dammit 
so disappointed in myself  sad 
o my fucking god! <propmale> lidell is at platinum 84 and he's sitting a few tables away  omg i'm like a little school girl 
wow! well that was pretty fucked up but whatever 
"now that i'm a little tipsy and having spoken to mr  liddel a 2nd time, i realize that he's not as nice of a guy as i thought he was  he was rushing to get out of not talking to me  <propmale>!"
ugh why do you take me to these things? you know damn well i'm gonna hate it 
omg they have fraggle rock on demand! lol
"my first 10-4 tonight, ought to be interesting "
not as bad as i thought 
cops are taking pictures wtf
i can't believe you did that shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i like it on the couch, coffee table, and the kitchen counter "
"the social network was better than i thought it would be, but not outstanding  i'm sorry ashee-poo, i hope i can make it up to you "
"met <propfemale> cope this morning, nice guy  a lot nicer than liddel "
"ugh! i have been stuck at the tattoo shop since 9 smile 0am and only tattooed for 2 and a half hours  watched for the rest of that time, and now they are closing but i can't leave because the man with the money has left and is now taking his sweet ass time coming back "
why is it so hard to decide?
<propfirst> can now stand up without pulling up on anything! i'm so proud of my little guy!
feeling a little empty 
almost finished decorating! i am so gonna win the $250 
<propfirst> decided his bath wasn't good enough so he dove head first into kharmas bath 
he'd rather go learn how to grow plants than spend time with his daughter  gotta love those deadbeat dads 
"went to <propfirst>'s follow up for the sleep study  we now have to see an ent to see if he needs his tonsils out, get an ekg done to check for pulmonary hypertension, and check his thyroid  yay more shit on our plate "
omg!!!! <propfirst> just took 3 steps! aaahhhhh i'm so proud of my baby boy 
what is going on with all the ufo sightings lately?
started going through my stuff in storage  pretty sad and pathetic when you have a hard time getting rid of stuffed animals 
how is it that i am the only one carving these damn pumpkins? they're kicking my ass 
stupid pumpkins are finally done now that it's 2am
why must you be in texas?
like this status and i'll tell you: 1) something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) the color you remind me of  3) my first memory of you  4) the animal you remind me of  5) ask something i've always wondered about you  6) my favorite thing about you  7) give you a weird nickname   smile  i challenge you to repost this 
jackass 3d was pretty fuckin funny 
"costume shopping, what should i be?"
"so tired, but can't make myself go to bed "
time to party like a sexy ass nurse!
i think i had fun last night lol 
hurray for my new phone  thanks hunny 
my new phone is fucking awesome but i think it might be smarter than i am 
due date was fucking hilarious  zach galifunakus is a genius 
"you're too sick and tired to help me bring the kids in the house after a trip to the damn hospital, but you weren't too sick or tired to get tattooed this morning "
about to head to the hospital to see destinee  so glad the surgery went perfect 
about to go roller skating for the first time in years
well i didn't die 
<propmale> cook tonight woohoo!
"bought a new tree, got it up and decorated  tomorrow, put up the lights outside and we'll be ready for christmas "
ugh i'm getting sick 
just found out there is a ducking sex offender living in the building next to us  time to make some posters 
"little <propmale> has parvo, i'm really hoping we caught it soon enough and he can fight through it   sad "
"<propfirst> has to have heart surgery, but it'll be a simple catheter surgery to repair a hole "
"omg i almost died racing those damn go carts, and now i'm stuck at the stupid strip club "
my baby <propmale> is home!
surgery is scheduled for next monday 
"oh man, i thought i was going to have the <propfemale> for this, but not so much now "
"finally got tristans orthodics, today  he didn't even hesitate in them, just took off lol "
who knew that finding a damn <propfemale> dream townhouse would be so fucking impossible  i'm gonna be disappointed if i can't find it 
"kharma had so much fun ice skating, only fell once "
"omg i thought i was gonna be in toys r us til 6 am, but luckily i walked right into the six wheeler with the house on it  yay"
"ugh i'm over wrapping presents  it'd be nice to have some help, but then they'd all look like kharma wrapped them lol "
waiting for the surgery to start  so fucking anxious
he went to sleep a lot faster and easier than i thought he would  now its just the waiting game 
"just got the first call back from the nurse, <propfirst> is doing well, and they are now resizing and positioning the devise to close the hole "
"surgery is over, he's doing great, a little pissed off but good "
"dumbass stye, my eye is so swollen my vision is beginning to blur "
ok everyone can quit with surgery already  third one since november  ridiculous
this going to bed at midnight and waking up at 4 am is killing me 
"wow, how the hell did i get stuck with 6 kids, by myself?"
ugh i hate being up so early 
the bookcase kicked my ass 
"couldn't even imagine myself having to cut my own arm off, crazy "
"great, <propfirst> and kharma are sick "
"yay now <propfirst> is sick, awesome  ugh!"
ugh i feel like shit 
i put almost a while thing of red food dye into just one tub of white frosting and its still pink  wtf
obsessively cutting coupons for the past few weeks paid of today 
tristans <propfemale> and ekg went great  the asd is completely closed 
hurray! he is a free man
"<propfirst> is like a reverse sour patch kid, he's sweet first then sour  i'll be surprised if i'm not bald by the end of the day and my cheek isn't operated from my jaw "
yay! booked our venue  the official date is august 17th 
"anyone have any ideas for a recessional song, 'cause i'm at a total loss "
happy birthday to my big handsome boy <propfirst>  wow how the time just flies by 
maybe red frosting wasn't the best idea  but who cares he enjoyed it 
time to gamble!
"baking a cake and 48 cupcakes, all decorated like <propmale>  the things i do for my kids "
well we found a show <propfirst> likes other than sesame street  but unfortunately its fucking <propmale> 
what!?! breakfast in bed  how freakin sweet thank you baby 
"hey lovely people, just a little reminder that world down syndrome day is march 21st, so remember to wear blue and yellow "
"i realize that i'm not a nurse or anything, but i know my kids and when i say that its easier to find a vein in his ankles i know what im fucking talking about "
at a country bar in greely watching these dumb hicks trying to dance to hip hop is quite entertaining 
"wow what a concept, giving a kid with a fever some motrin gets rid of the fever  omg, works better than letting her sit there miserable for five hours  stupid <propmale> "
must be really fucking nice to be able to just go <propfemale> out with your friends whenever you feel like it  must be nice 
"well i thought <propfirst> was in the clear of catching whatever kharma had, but surprise  damn it "
"that's the last fucking straw, i'm switching pediatricians  i tell them he's breathing hard and they tell me he can't come in cuz they're booked today "
happy world down syndrome day
"dear irs, thanks for being complete assholes and delaying our return for another month  now i have to go dress shopping yet again because now i can't get my dream dress  thanks"
"if anyone knows of someone who is looking to buy a wedding dress, i'm selling mine  i'm asking $375 but i'm willing to negotiate "
yaaaaaayyyyyy!!!!!! i got my dress 
made wish on a shooting <propfemale> tonight  so far its not looking so good 
"sesame street live tonight, family photo shoot tomorrow, and kaden's birthday party sunday  busy busy weekend "
how in the hell do you burn raviolis    twice?
"wow my baby girl is 5 today  happy birthday kharma, i love you!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
finally internet on a freakin computer
