3853d6ca0326d1f72460777747fef064
happy new year everyone!!!!
"i'm bored   and taking retarded quizzes   i'm sorry for the spam overload  on the flip side, i hear hawaiians like spam   "
"need some fishies to help out a friend   they've been added to my wishlist, i could also use anything from the barber collection, its not on my wishlist because i dont have any  sad "
just looking for a reef shark!  smile 
"happy fathers day to all the wonderful fathers on my friends list!  yes, even those with pets for kids count!  it is your day to be spoiled, so enjoy it   cause i doubt it'll last beyond the stroke of midnight!"
"i've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel, and thats real!"
just got back from an awesome 4th of july in dc!  pics to come!
"“whatever you give a woman, she will make greater  if you give her sperm, she'll give you a baby  if you give her a house, she'll give you a home  if you give her groceries, she'll give you a meal  if you give her a smile, she'll give you her heart  she"
attention all mafia wars players  we are trying to make an unofficial no hitlist truce day this coming saturday  we need a lot of help spreading the word on this  we propose no one attack anyone on the hitlist all day saturday until they have been on the 
"“whatever you give a woman, she will make greater  if you give her sperm, she'll give you a baby  if you give her a house, she'll give you a home  if you give her groceries, she'll give you a meal  if you give her a smile, she'll give you her heart  she"
wolf conference in vegas is only 2 weeks away!  i can't wait!  who's all going?!
5 days until vegas!!!  wolf conference here i come   
heading off to the airport at 2 am   be in vegas soon!!!
"had a blast in vegas, and back to work tomorrow at 7am     sad "
"i usually hate these   but i'm posting this one  no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
quarter 2 blue crew bucks!!!!  gotta love the extra $$$ in the paycheck!
"fyi - to all my friends and family that do not play mafia wars: if you would prefer not seeing all the mafia wars posts and there are a lot, just go to one of the mafia wars posts, hover click on the upper right hand side of the post  you'll see    an option to \hide mafia wars \"" just click it and it will completely free up your wall space from all my annoying mafia wars post """
"i will gift anyone who helps in my war, one of everything they have on their wishlist   provided i have one   help me in my war please!!!!"
mafia wars friends : open russian jobs on my profile!!!
research has shown that women usually sleep on the right-hand side of the bed  even in our sleep we have to be right!
"<propfemale> alert    3 year old boy taken in rochester, by a man driving a mitsubishi eclipse plate number 98b351    please put this as your status so it moves all accross face book  you would if it was your child!!!!!"
two open russian jobs on my profile <propfemale>!!!
open russian job on my <propfemale>    
mafia wars:  open job on my profile!!!
mafia wars   please help!!!  open job on my profile   
ssdd
need help in my war!!!  its on my profile!
open russian job on my profile page    just need 2 more!!!
"good morning to my mafia!!!  i have a friend who just needs an 8ball to vault that collection, if anyone could send one my way so we can help him out i would greatly appreciate, i have much to trade    "
yuck   time to run errands   an oil change and taking the dog to the vet isn't my idea of a fun friday morning afternoon   
hope everyone has a safe and <propfemale> christmas!!!
open job on my profile page    help please!!!!
open russian job on my profile   i only need 4 more to respond and then i can move on   
have a great 1-1-11
"whatever you give a woman, she will make greater, give her sperm she will make a baby, give her a house she will give you a home, give her groceries she will give you a meal, give her a smile she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit    pass it along if you agree "
hope everyone has a fantastic valentines day!!!
bangkok jobs on my wall that needs just 3 more lil clicks   
i find it sad that some people still don't get the april fools day joke from mafia wars   my home <propfemale> is littered with dumb people that just don't get it 
"still need help finding the plaid egg for my easter crime basket!!!  lol please help, considering today is the last day    "
open bangkok job on my profile page   please help!  smile 
"depression is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you or someone you know has or has had depression  most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives  show your support please!"
hello murphy    we meet again 
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  i got the best gift ever!  i got to talk to my bf who is out to sea and i haven't seen him or talked to him since the beginning of may!  i'm just gonna <propfemale> out on cloud nine for the night!
"happy fathers day to all the wonderful dads out there!!!  yes, including mine!"
i miss being able to order leinies sunset wheat at any bar i go to   found it at buffalo wild wings tonight   it's been a good night  smile 
"to my non-game playing friends or new friends: i play games that generate alot of posts  this can be irritating if you don't play  ifyou don't want to see these posts, move your mouse cursor over the game message and the word \hide\"" will appear on the right side of the post click on    \""hide\"" select the game name (not    my name)  future messages posts for that game will be hidden from your wall """
i wonder if sprint was bought out by facebook lol
"i have so many facebook friends with virus   its annoying to have them popping up asking me to watch make a cartoon video, take iq tests, posting on my wall    if you are interested in finding out if you have viruses, let me know   i can help "
"ordering food   just gotta decide, chinese or pizza   hrmmm, any thoughts?"
"welcome to pity city, population: me"
fml
smile!  it makes people wonder what you are up to     o o
"new episodes of all my favorite shows this next week    house, csi, and of course my absolute favorite     extreme makeover: home edition!!!!!  yay!!!"
"i am pretty sure we can all relate to this one huh?          \in this world there are two kinds of people: those who brighten the room when they enter, and those who brighten the room when they leave   lol"
i like it on the entryway table 
"feels she may have just sentenced a cute lil brindle pit bull puppy to death by entering her into the \system\""    i just hope her owner finders her """
feeling a bit homesick    i miss mn 
apple product professional +1 me 0  sad  you win for today   2 hours wasted trying   apple?  are you mad that i own a pc?  i swear i'm not using internet e playful lorer   
"2 nights in a row, apple doesn't want me to become product professional     sad "
i am so retarded!  i love extreme makeover: home edition!
"its official, apple product professional!  smile "
"every person has 1000 wishes; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of, is fighting, or has survived cancer "
happy halloween errybody!
mafia wars:  need some help in a war    its on my profile <propfemale>   
"1  go to google maps  2  go to \get directions \"" 3  type japan as the start location  4  type <propfemale> as the end location  5  go to direction #43  6  laugh (a lot) and repost """
already found a secret game within cod: black ops   
"i am a veteran  a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  regardless of personal political views, that is an honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran"
"i drank the \green friday\"" kool-aid    my head is spinning    lol"""
i haven't seen it yet    no spoilers!!!
can't wait til friday!!!!  gonna be so much fun!!!  smile 
happy thanksgiving all!!!!  smile 
survived my 5th black friday    ~yawn~  red bull wearing off    time to go out to eat with family     i'mma sleep like a baby tonight 
"be curious always!  for knowledge will not acquire you, you must acquire it "
does 5h!t roll uphill or down?!  and should it?
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a fight against child abuse!"
"by empowering people to succeed you also empower people to make mistakes, only  then will people grow   take the good with the bad, learn from challenge and change "
finally got my monitor calibrated    time to work on some photoshopping that i've been putting off    sorry  sad 
forcing the christmas spirit    music should help   
"once you helped all those around you reach their full potential, you will have reached yours "
"to whom it may concern at the apt complex in which i live    finish fixing the water-main, i would like to shower "
"joyous, just informed that the water will remain off until tomorrow afternoon, this is after they told us today at 3   "
snow!!!!  yay!!!!  mn is visiting me!!!
"the village called, they want their idiot back   "
fortune cookie:  a leader is powerful to the degree in which they empower others 
"i've been working too much, i just pressed ctrl shift z z to get online    "
"watching \scrooged\"" and i just saw a bag phone   good times """
"mmm, sushi    just tried octopus for the first time, pretty yummy!!!"
 sad  bah-humbug!  sad 
"mmmm, snow    just don't eat the yellow stuff    playful "
"just fyi:  we will be closing as of 11am due to weather    smile   enjoy your day people, build a snowman!"
"wow   time to work!!!  ok, after coffee   "
"after waking up, i have even less care    i thought i was all out already "
"fortune cookie:  to make the cart go, you must grease the wheels "
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower, armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this "
"mmmm, adult beverages  tonight, i am a fan    off of work until thursday!!   smile "
"i wish i could go to sleep, wake up and have it be june already      sad "
"day 1 complete, only 179 to go     sad "
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>
yay!!!  he called!!!   laugh 
"ahhh, a day off    or is it     sad "
"good night world of facebook, 6am comes early   before the sun in most cases   "
it is a tragic soup sandwich   
"looks like the heater is out on my jeep, perhaps its a sign to get something new    on a plus note, the temp looks to be going up and its only about a 15min drive to work "
i think i'm almost looking forward to doing my taxes this year   what a change from a few years ago   
"hrmmm, to do my taxes tomorrow or to procrastinate   i'm getting a refund, i haven't spent it yet    so i don't feel in a hurry     sad "
"ohhhh, and guess what i got     i bet most of the people i work with could guess     smile "
foods    what do i want?!?!
"reeeeeeeeeed rooobinnn, yummmmm!   wink "
"i need a sick day, sadly i have enough of them, now i just need to be sick     sad "
"ok, i'll admit it    it is actually kinda fun, but i can see it quickly becoming \work\"""""
"i have a migraine, closest thing to being sick in about a year   "
"come on shoes, you have 45 mins to dry   "
 love  <propmale> pennington!
"calling for about 2 inches of snow, of course schools and some businesses closing    yet everyone will be able to get through the weather to go shopping   can't get to work or school, but can get to the stores    i don't understand "
