ce888c41c7ffd65507f20dfc32f676b0
"up late tonight, and flying home ealy tomorow   smile  happy new years everyone!"
93 3 definitely makes the world a far better place   smile 
ice cream? in the morning? heck yes 
is seeing converse   (watching grease)     <propfirst> travolta is a cheezeball 
to those of yo who know what i'm talking about   gahhhh!
so tired    
is choppin firewood for camp tomorow   party 
my dog ate the <propfemale> smore award   only a few of you know what i'm talking about 
"\what can make a hippopatamous smiillee??\"" gahhhh """
"is in denial that tomorow is camp, and is ridiculously cranky right now  i almost feel bad for my parents   almost "
hates this hot of weather 
is tired 
"had a pretty good day  teh new hp movie had some awesome visual effects, i guess i ought to read the seventh one now    "
"hmmm    what to do, what to do    "
"is finally reading the seventh <propmale> potter  no one has to yell at me anymore, haha "
hates humidity  with a passion 
actually went to mass today    *gasp* and liked it   *bigger gasp*
has started the summer homework! with only one week left of being home to have time to do it  then   canada 
urggghhhh     denial ends tomorow 
air travel=  smile 
feels like she hasn't had summer at all   been too busy   annoyed 
is considering actuallly working on summer homework     *gasp*
"finished the book theif (which was good), and is now 21 poems into the poetry book (which sucks)  history, what history?"
"is tired  and going to have to call the school for her schedule tomorow, seeing as i'm in canada  small problem "
quebec = amazing 
got her backpack stolen  in freaking canada  damn french canadians 
has to go shopping to replace all my stuff that got stolen by that shit head canadian dumb ass 
"gets to go through customs tomorow, sans a passport  fabulous "
dear parents: thanks for fucking up my life 
maybe i should actually start the histroy homework now   
done  done done done done  done done done done done done  done 
is enjoying her last few hours of freedom  *sigh*
"is having a pretty good day, and is looking forward to a pretty good evening!  smile "
is feeling kinda agitated   and is liable to take it out on algebra 2 
bleh 
"yayyyy, only 20 more assignments to go! fml"
hot damn! i've gotten 21 assignments done in one day 
you know what makes homework go away faster? a lighter 
is so tired  and overwhelmed 
loves band!  smile 
is having a pretty damn good day! ('bout time)
dear block one pomranka english: you should actually read the assigned story!! we're giving out treats to people who wupply answers or who know what the're talking about in class   and they're really yummy treats!
"anybody know if you can check grades online? if so, where?"
"just freaked out becaus ei htought the element search and model thingy was due tomorow   whew  it's not, right?"
ib teaches us to appreciate the little things; like sleep or caffeine 
"is going to bed, and is glad that this terrible day is over  *sigh*"
is slightly irked right now 
kinda never wants to read about zinc again 
"fell three times at band, and dropped zinc  today, is not my day  had a good time though! (despite the rain, and the purple and blue bruised knee!)"
might just have the most epic to do list ever  i even made it multicolored  and it's two pages 
alrighty   what are the online databases?
study for the english test? i think not 
is the <propfemale> of quality tv veiwing    children's comedy movies anyone?
productive night? probly not 
to work on history or not to work on history   
"people i actually know: i'm gonna go freaking crazy unless i see people over the weekend  please, please, visit!!"
rescued the dog's blinky ball from the creek   i feel heroic   wink 
dear forensics people: good luck! have fun!!
isearch for a way to avoid working on my isearch  ifail 
is having one of the most fantastic weekends of my life!
is visiting hte procrastination nation yet again 
feels like screaming for some reason   
"i'm really gonna miss my independance  really, really gonna miss it "
20 notecards done   only 30 to go!!
finds her father to be a most obnocious and rude human being 
"you know you're a nerd when you can twirl your spaghetti on your fork without ever putting down the pencil or looking away from the textbook  yeah, sad moment "
"can see the future: i be in ib, thus, i be a masochist "
"dear demmel: if you wanted to be so enviromentally friendly, don't assign a notecard project that wastes so much of our tiem and paper  just sayin "
"after last nights 50 notecard epic adventure, i dont' think homework is on tonights agenda "
"best example ever of internal conflict: to like twilight, or not to like twilight?"
is finally gonna catch up on sleep! and then probly go without for two days  fantastic!
does not understand the obssession with farmville  but does understand the band obsession! we did great!!
is having a pretty sweet birthday! thanks everyone!
"had the best birthday ever! thanks for the many well wishes, the great company, and the prospect of a great year!"
woud like to thank 93 3 for giving me music worthy of flooring it and making a twenty five minute drive shorten to 15  fun 
"good music, not much homework, and a new awesome ringtone  life is good!!"
"alrighty: anybody have music they'd recomend for driving? (has a beat, energetic, and different than other stuff, etc?)"
"dear mr  pibb soda, please take out your evil cousin pib  soon "
is legitimately excited to judge forensics on saturday!
anybody have the fomat of demmels debates? i was gone and want to know what's going on with them 
anybody else having flashbacks to the good earth?
"hells freaking yes  debate case for history: 3 minutes exactly, with voice inflection  be afraid, be very afraid "
fianlly has some motivation   smile 
ummm   my laptop came    i think i'm so happy i'm in shock   
is so happy! the laptop is set up (typing this on it now) and it's so awesome! and so portable: it's about the same size as a <propmale> potter paperback (even down to the third one)!
"is at panera, with yummy cocoa, away from my family   and working on a lab write up  which one does not fit with the others?"
moving itunes music from one computer to another=one giant pain in the ass 
"should really finnish the math chemistry english history homework, but i don't feel like it, so   no "
was pretty angry with the world today   and homework is not helping that right now 
my homepage is now facebook  this is why i love having my own laptop 
spent the evening watching dumb ass chick flicks and yelling at dumb ass characters for being dumb asses  i feel this is a good way to release anger 
micrsoft vista   meet your nemesis 
"would just like to remind everyone that forensics is selling cookie dough: you should all buy some  ask me what yummy flavors we have and buy some--you don't have to pay at purchase, just at delivery!"
is not overjoyed at this weather    
dear st vrain valley school district: i take it back   love 
finds it ridiculously unfair that i have to do my isearch 
"everyone should e-mail demmel saying that since day two poeple got an extension on isearch, we should get one too!!!!! do it!"
"demmel e-mailed me: day one is definitely due tomorow   day two due monday  yeah, love you too demmel "
is drinking a triple shot mocha  nothing can stop me from writing my isearch now   except facebook 
"is in her element: i'm stressed, caffeinated, and committing to more things thn i should  but hey, i'll laugh a lot, and i'll have a good story by the time it's done!  smile "
loves how everybody associates me with caffeine 
"1,605 words  suck on that, demmel!"
is super excited for tomorrow!!!
"thinks everyone should dress up for halloween, if you don't then we know you're too lame to put any effort in!"
"had a fantastic night, and already can't wait for next halloween! this is definitely my favorite holiday!"
saw a christmas commercial just now  is this as freigthening as i think it is?
loved wicked! (for the second time) and had a fantastic weekend! hopefully this week won't suck as some kind of back-ass <propfemale> 
"is having one of those nights where all i can do is count the days until i can leave  not gonna lie, it's not a pleasant night here "
dear chemistry for dummies: thank you 
is finally having a low stress night   smile 
"finds it ridiculously irritating that teachers (math) say, \don't procrastinate on your homework\"" and yet they procrastinate on posting the assignment  grrrr """
"i'm realizing that having a <propmale> idez of what i want to do and exactly how to get there is not the norm   hmmm, that would e playful lain some things lol "
"did not have a great day, is not in a great mood, and is not looking forward to tomorow  i do believe that optimism is not in vocabulary today "
is watching kung fu panda   the night is greatly improved because of this   smile 
"finds it sad when the choice to be happy is considered naive  people who choose to be happy see far more than those who choose only to see the downside of life, so how is that naive?"
might as well move to procrastination nation  i visit way too often 
"is it sad that i'm uber excited to not have to haul any materials for three outta four classes tomorow? that means: no algebra 2 text book, no chem text book, and no history binders  glorious "
"has never laughed so much on a wednesday before today  fantastic day, and fantastic friends   smile    i love band!"
"gretel: i saw you smoking the other day  why? chorus: peerpressure  peerpressure   hansel: smoking is cool  it makes me feel like a man  a cool man with a deep, masculine cough  gretel: drugs aren't cool! hansel: everyone's doing it  it lets you fly  gretel: i don't want to! chorus: peerpressure  peerpressure  hansel: fine, i will  narrator 1:then he jumped off a <propmale>  hansel: i can fly! maybe  narrator 1: he died "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you're reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
<propfirst> perry: making a career out of multiple personality disorder 
is typing up script for <propfemale> thornbury and i for our duo  up to 10 pages  about a third through  just a wee bit frustrated bored irritated fml looking forward to being done etc 
"script typing: finished  word  count: 5,584  now   to memorize it  by saturday "
"just a quistion: did anybody else spaz out a little when they noticed that there was an article by <propmale> <propfemale> (guns, germs, and steel guy) on the plan test? little delayed in asking but oh well "
is supremely out of practice on trumpet  (ouch)
is definitely a creeper   (yay forensics)
"itunes is up and running!! yay!! in other words, i have outsmarted my previously defiant ipod and it is now bending to the will of my laptop "
my sister is here! and forensics tomorow! and <propfemale> trek! and break! life is good 
is becoming way too familiar with starbucks at 5 smile 0 in the morning over break 
is a pro at last minute grocery runs  four trips thus far 
"is probably rather immature, but my facebook in pirate is endlessly amusing "
"had to come home and scan new <propfemale> for all the reasons i hate <propmale>  damn you movie, for making <propfirst> a constipated emo,and <propmale> a shirtless steroids hottie!"
is rather depressed to see facebook stuff about finals  *sigh* there goes any sleep i may have gotten in the next three weeks 
will be driving to school tomorow!  laugh 
is a wee bit stressed  tgils  (ls being late-start for those outside of the higschool society)
"tea, fuzzy slippers, lit candle, music, and algebra 2 h w  which of these is not like the others?"
"\the forensics team has this complex   we think we're a sports team \"" <-- me e playful laining why forensics got uber awesome water bottles """
{*^$)@(#&@_&y@_(     pf case     #$%(&#(&^#a(%*#@^$          grrr 
"dear facebook populace, i really don't want to see your irrational, ill-supported, ignorant political opinions on my news feed  please abstain from posting them  thanks, <propfirst> "
"is still pumped from yesterday's victory in 4n6, even though homework is doing a fine job of trying to kill that joy   smile "
"dear chem, i hate you with a passion as e playful losive as magnesium "
is memorizing band music for a parade i won't get to go to becasue i have to be at the niwot forensics meet  not sure how i feel about this   
"you know what day i want a snowday? tuesday  the day one, which has english project due, chem crap due, algebra two to suffer through, and history to suffer through  come on mother nature, you can do it!"
it's a little sad when your to do list is longer than the family grocery list   
"dear mother nature, you have failed me  signed, angry now-non-believer "
is very very frustrated with yahoo mail right now 
"oh chemistry, oh chemistry, i'd really like to burn you     (oh christmas tree tune)"
is wondering who all knows they will do ib? (i'm one of them)
nothing like good jazz music to offset nasty chemistry 
it feels weird to actually have free time    what am i forgetting?
is involved in way too many secret santas   though each of my receiving people is going to love love love what i got made them 
"not particularly looking forward to the next few days, but then    forensics <propfemale> meet!!!!!   oh, and break   laugh "
"why yes, i am on facebook during finals  rebel, i know "
yay finals  yay coffee  i'm writing a letter to starbucks and winot coffee when this is all over 
done with finals and psyched for forensics!!
packing!  smile 
in chicago   yay?
baking cookies and then the family diner tonight  let the chaos begin!
how to sum up the family during the holidays in one word: woah 
apparently fails at gift wrapping   
"is very gratefull for the fantastic friends and interesting family she has, happy holdays, and <propfemale> christmas to all of you!"
"biggest downide of the holidays: sleeping on the floor in a closet each night  i kid you not; on the floor, in a closet, every night "
"driving to ohio today, in other words, sleeping a lot today   smile   (and reading the sequel to the hunger games!  laugh )"
"oh yeah, school  forgot about that "
"homework is finished, ya know, i'd almost be a little irritated if we got a snow day  almost "
dear awkward kid in hallway: please move faster! you're slower than the ones who think they're gangsta' yo 
watching criminal minds and searching colleges   2 &1 2 years   *sigh*
"would love very much if all i had to do tonight was read magazines and play piano  sadly, that is not the case "
"<propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfemale> rieder, <propfirst> harroun, & <propfirst> herbst       best meeting ever  just sayin' "
"1,011 words in my lab report  and i have absolutely no idea what's in there  awesome "
"probly not going to be a productive night in terms of homework   but who cares, right? it's thursday after all "
<propfemale> thornbury & i took second at the <propmale> mountain meet in duo! and congrats to the rest of our awesome team for doing so well yesterday!
replaced the batteries in her calculator for the first time since 7th grade   pretty exciting 
is it really only monday?
i always find it amusing that people use facebook   to complain about facebook   nice job folks 
"well   after 5 hours of anti-social stuck-at-home goodness, i can now honestly say   nothing  i am the same as i was five hours ago  awesome "
"gave up on trying to e playful lain her mood today, and just started using sound affects and facial e playful ressions  sadly, this was the high point of the day "
i used the word paradigm in my essay   lol 
done with homework? before nine pm? what is this madness?
"not in a great place mood right now    but oh well, that's what i have sarcasm and passive agressiveness for!"
procrastinated on stuff i need to get done in order to make a pretty list of all the stuff i need to get done  it's rainbow colored 
bright side: <propfemale> thornbury and i are going to state! down side: i've lost my voice  moral of the story: voldemort possessed voice in three rounds back to back is a bad idea 
can now do a full octave scale on trumpet without sounding nasty or scaring my dog! although he still stares at me like he's planning on eating it if i play the thing anymore 
working on history with lindsey   yay distractions 
<propfirst> <propfemale> has a facebook!!!!
"well after some awkward conversations, high irritation levels, a lot of work, and an overall busy day, my stress level is now back at zen   smile "
watching drumline  smile 
enjoying having actual time to spend with her sister   smile  thanks colorado weather!
"working on the mgrr with <propfirst> <propfemale>, you know it's going to be a productive day when you spend more time justifying lunch and starbucks instead of working "
up to 6 1 2 things done! take that emgrrrrrrr!
"oh mgrr    or better translated, um, grrrrrrrr  oh how do i loathe thee? let me count the ways    "
aladdin is on abc   life is good 
"hmm, apparently the weather didn't get the memo that today is supposed to be pretty,  springy weather   oh well, happy easter!"
watching pride and prejudice   confirming that it's still my favorite music soundtrack   smile 
"not surprisingy, writing a physics paper about the flute has sucked a little joy out of life  now for the mgrr to finish the job    "
"so i'm done with mgrr   why don't i feel any different? this is like brithdays, you should feel different and fantastic, but is still feels the same as yesterday  huh "
so tomorrow's the day   i think i now have soulfinger engraved into my brain from practicing lol  to all bandos: be there or be   without a vote  so be there!  smile 
is very very excited for next year!  smile 
"there's the godzilla that is homework, stomping on my zen city   "
"learned the glories of dragging my blind (loved) dog inside from behind the fence along a muddy, sloping creekside in the dark with a creepy rustling sound coming from ten feet away  fun "
today is going to be pretty darn awesome   smile 
"tonight was pretty awesome!! well, beside the whole gettig lost in sketch-ville while low on gas thing   still worth it!"
hopes that there is a wind beneath the wongs of the schools asbestos! come school   close!
