17c391ddabfca99979de3afe30ea5f6b
if i could go back in time and do it all again      i wouldn't
sitting in a lecture class     *sigh*
not looking forward to him being in the same state as me again
found an awesome friend and have been spending time getting to know him   whatever i had to go through to get to this point suddenly seems worth something 
doesn't want the stress anymore   good thing i'm reaching back out to god now!
i finally found my own place!!  going to check it out at 5 today!  god bless me!
"is going out of town this weekend!  i'm excited about this    gonna be emersed in nature and i'm gonna be camping so it's about dang time something happened like this   had to take 3 days off of work which is gonna sting on my check, but i believe that i really need this time to get away   good luck to me!  smile "
"so this weekend?  yeah, took the whole weekend off to spend time with a special person and whamo right down on my arse!  guess i can get other stuff done this weekend   might not be as much of a blast as it was gonna be, but let's not let it be a waste of days off   why are all guys so      nevermind    "
"well wait    he wasn't really special i guess   it just would have been a special time cuz it was supposed to be a fun time for my birthday    camping, fishing, 4-wheeling    you know   i was just extremely disappointed!"
"i saw the dude tonight   you know, the one i was interested in   he cried because he had to let me go     didn't see that one coming!  sad "
why can i not get a f***ing break!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"why in the hell are you doing this!  i know you love her but god is love, and if god is love, is what you're feeling really love at all?"
what am i supposed to do    god help me!!
"friday night i went the refuge for a rock concert and as i was wearily praying for my friend on mth, god said that i don't have to worry about him anymore   he'll take care of him   i felt a huge weigt lift and i broke down in tears   i was so thankful!  today i found out that my friend got caught and is now back in jail   the crazy thing is    they caught him friday night "
got a presentation to give today on rbgh injection in cows   don't ever want to drink milk again   anyone for some almond breeze?
wishing that my procrastination was a good thing    
got my license back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i need more friends on fishville and country life   will you please help me out??
love is pain
anticipation can get to ya!!!
no letter today      sad 
"if you love something, let it go   if it comes back, it was meant to be  smile "
got his second letter   it was wonderfl!  smile   can't wait to visit him!!!
"when god builds you up, the world tries to tear you down   it's your choice on whether or not to let it   god - give me strength!"
pink and black
visiting people in prison     hmmmm     don't know what quite to e playful ect but i guess i'll find out soon!
going to the refuge rock concert!!!!!!  my brother is definitely going with me!  so excited!
http annoyed  www pelourinho com movies c003702  can you do this with the simplist drawing program??
"1st corinthians  chapter 13:1  if i speak with the languages of men and of angels, but don't have love, i have become sounding brass, or a clanging cymbal "
http annoyed  www dailymotion com video xbol51_parkour-motion-reel_creation
"new job, new home, prison visit, no money     life has its up's and down's    lets have a few more ups shall we???"
prison visits turned out not to be too bad   i may have a new job  smile  got my check    small small small!  life seems to be coming together finally!!!  thank god!!!
"how can it rain when the sun was so bright?  i'm standing in the rain, weathering the storm   where's the rainbow?  i have to see it soon    and when i do, it will be worth it "
no freaken way!  we just had a mini earthquake!  please tell me you felt it too!!!
got a prison made card in the mail from my <propfirst>   it was rather sweet!!!  wasn't e playful ecting it so i am way super excited about it!
i'm trying to search for friends but nothing is coming up under the search!! what in the heck is going on!!
"i went outside last night and shot off the new weapon with my dad!  i had a blast!  dogs, watch it!"
sick again   does it never end??
"got a <propfemale> the other day and i got to go out to the movies!  i also got to chill in a quiet spot and i got a hug!  looking back, it's okay i'm sick, cuz i had a great time "
"don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful   they can all get f***ed, just stay true to you "
got my culinary arts degree in the mail yesterday!  freaken right!  that shit aint weak!
i reunited with one of my best friends!  oh happy day!
i miss my man and it's driving me nuts and i'm getting irritated cuz i need him here!!!
please pray for me to listen to and gain wisdom in these times i'm stumbling through   i fear that god's voice is only an <propfemale> to me now 
"\i don't think marriages berak up because of what you do to each other   they break up because of what you must become in order to stay in them \""  - <propfirst> matthau"""
sitting by a fire in my own living room    priceless!
got internet and cable in the apartment today!  whoop whoop!!!
smiled through 40 laughs and cried through 40 tears 
being alone just kills me    but nothing to do about it   it has to be done 
"when life bites you in the butt, turn around and see what it was that hurt you!"
smile!  you never know who's watching!
the concert was fun     rock on
"hallelujah grace like rain, falls down on me "
"i can only imagine what it will be like to approach jesus in heaven, see him smile and embrace me like a father who has been longing for his child to come home from war "
had a very interesting day   very    wow -
you've got a couple more hours to wish me a happy birthday before it's belated!  lol
"when you're 3 years old: \my mom is the best!\""\",17c391ddabfca99979de3afe30ea5f6b,"had an awesome time at thai <propfemale> tonight with my family   brother <propmale>, thank you so much for all the sushi!  you always take care of me  smile   i love you all   smile "
burnt my peas i was going to snack on   where has my mind gone?  big day tomorrow    
built a fire   listening to rock jams   got prep done to make some chinese food   got me some tasty drink in my hand    much needed day off!!!  thank you god!
"a little girl just asked me, \where does music come from?\""  what would you have said?"""
"three eggs, two pieces of toast and a bowl of cereal    now that's a delicious dinner!"
the wait is almost over  smile 
laugh anyway!
"hey everyone!  i don't have any <propfirst> in my phone!  please message me either on here or if you've got my number, text me your <propfirst> please!  thank you!"
can't wait to get all my stuff packed and ready to go!!!
"i've come to find that only one man will ever really love me for me, and i should never forget that!!!!"
still looking for an apartment that's affordable and close to work    any suggestions?  i work on the nw side 
"a lettuce sandwich, pb & j, and a little reese's puffs cereal, i'm full "
why do i always have one hell of a time with just about everything!!!
fml
 sad 
had one of the best <propfirst>'s day ever!  thanks babe!
moving!!  will be offline for a while   ttyl!!!
"gettin started again takes a lot of time, money and <propfemale>   no internet yet but hopefully soon!"
