37a2a6f4cb42e033dcb8cace77ae9c83
"is sailing away   or would like to, anyhow "
is getting frustrated 
pretty much traveled the country this past month!
"was happy to see the boo yesterday!  smile  aaagh, another month to go now   "
la' chaim!
is going to the dells for a kalb family reunion    woohoo!
pretty dang excited about new <propfemale>!
loves having heart-to-hearts with the dentist   
doesn't know what to do about them cooking skills    pfui 
needs a new computer   like now 
is feeling like there's a lot to be happy about!  smile 
has a beautiful new computer! altogether a pretty great day    {happy 7 months!}  love   love   love 
bicycle  bicycle!
"turn my swag on, took a look in the mirror, said wassup wassup wassup    or something like that "
"sometimes i just can't tell if people's statuses (stati?) are song lyrics or original thoughts that they actually mean   i spose i could google it, but where's the fun in that"
simply cannot concentrate on homework 
is so proud of her roommate e playful ert golfer!
is- what else?- laughing!
sign up for state fair    !
definitely feeling lucky  smile 
is pretty sure that's a floccinaucinihilipilification   
is wondering where her planner wandered off to   
"no, there is an elephant in the way! lol!"
is verrrry happy about having flowers in our room again pretty!
doesn't know what to look for!
hah!
"beautiful new shoes, got a job, listening  dancing to moulin rouge music, smellin' yummy & the weather is a-changing! so altogether pretty much happiness, \all you need is love!\"""""
is excited about <propfemale> <propfirst>  wink 
has the amazingest boyfriend ever  love  !
"you gave my life direction, a game show love connection, we can't deny"
smells like a caterpillar 
"says to the person who sneezes uncontrollably, \good for you   \""   annoyed """
will not marry you unless you give me a kitty-cat!!!
 smile   smile   smile  oooooh yes     smile 
does anyone have one of those number things they give you to put on your tables at restaurants?
i wish    more than anything    more than life    more than riches   
dumb ebay! grrr!
"is done! now packing, presents, and party!!!  smile  <propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
is glad church members are so forgiving 
is against this <propfirst>'s list thing   it put my cousin on it   not okay 
"\once upon a time     and nobody ever nude   \"""""
it's 81' in fl    
is annoyed by the number of fan pages for every single thing on the universe   it's unnecessary   
"sometimes, after much bible study, i look at the time and think, \hmmm    eleven verse fifteen\"""""
is sorely disappointed that the song i've had stuck in my head for the past 3 years isn't longer  sad 
is forgetting what the color green looks like    i don't think i've seen grass since october   
it's {still} looking a lot like christmas    
has beautiful flowers and a wonderful boyfriend!
pretty sure rihanna has the weirdest music videos i've ever seen 
"\my head is like a watermelon!\"" ~ my roommate's lack of sleep"""
is still waiting to become patient    oxymoronic? is that a word?
"had a great morning at balge's house, afternoon with dawson, and evening at happy hour with great friends= best arbor day!"
should prolly just follow <propfirst> and <propmale>'s lead and host my own fashion tv show 
"how do you make it so something that happened never happened? delete your photo tags, that's how "
memory all alone in the moonlight
has been feeling really nostalgic lately
"says \thank you for the music \"""""
i always forget how much i love some bands and songs until i hear them and get that tingly happy feeling all over!
done! now to pack and then sing for about 5000 hours 
"\there are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up \"" -\",37a2a6f4cb42e033dcb8cace77ae9c83,"soccer  doors  grass  spiders  annoying dogs  sun  rain? water bottles  feet hurt  hi! gps  construction  how many left? oh, only about 18,350 "
"can't decide which is worse    to read a book and then be angry at the movie, or to see a movie and then be disappointed by the book   should i read the book or see the movie first? should i just not even waste my time on one of the two? is there a way to enjoy both? life is just full of unsolved mysteries "
got to see one of her best friends today    my mommy!  smile 
on the downside: i'm burned  on the upside: all done canvassing! yippee!
was missing kzoo fireworks tonight
is going to see beauty and the beast!!!  smile 
"\i don't like the beast!!!\""\",37a2a6f4cb42e033dcb8cace77ae9c83,so far    best summer ever!!!  smile 
does anyone have suggestions as to where to park in chicago??? (preferably free?)
"did not take enough pictures this summer   sad \but what a great excuse to do it all over again!!!  smile "
thanks everyone for the congratulations!
just saw eat pray love and now has the urge to travel internationally   now 
"\would you like to stay for dinner?\""\",37a2a6f4cb42e033dcb8cace77ae9c83,"ok facebook  just because i'm engaged does not mean i'm interested in anything baby-related for the time-being   thanks for the thought though, i appreciate it "
agh! stupid nyquil 
i like it on the floor in the middle of my room 
"actually, i like it on my roommate's bed "
"\i like my boots because they make my toes feel like ten friends on a camping trip!\"""""
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it  put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  show love to those who are in the fight ?"
is trying to find pictures from the choral fest at northland in 2006    if you have some let me know!
had the best day of classes yet   
frustration!
"<propfirst> cook: \i love watching kids eat babies   \"""""
if anyone needs a ride to milwaukee on thursday just let me know cuz i am going home! yay!!!  smile 
has recently discovered <propmale> & <propfirst>    lovvve it!
it's the mooost wonderful time of the yeeeeear!
"you can fall for chains of silver, you can fall for chains of gold; you can fall for pretty strangers and the promises they hold    i love you like the stars above, i love you till i die  and there's a place for us, you know the movie song   when you gonna realize     you and me babe- how about it?"
"opened a box full of happiness today!!!\ love  christmas      smile "
has officially started christmas shopping 
"how did such a beautiful day take such a nasty turn     <propfirst> cook, i hear this is your fault   "
"has her christmas music at the ready     come on snow, hurry up and get here     but don't stay too long please!"
what's your perception of apollo 11?
i've  had  the time of my liiiiiiiiiiife!
's day was just brightened in a big way  smile  thank you <propfemale> haskell!
koersternaberman
"alright    i've cleaned my room, uploaded pics on facebook, looked up random things online, washed the dishes, watched last week's glee    anything else i can do to procrastinate? or do i have to finish my paper now?"
is anyone going between milwaukee and new ulm this weekend? or before next friday?
"deep status commenting on my last semester? no thanks, i'd rather not think about it "
"is thankful for snow, coffee, and hulu     can we go for 3 in a row??  smile "
"my phone is officially broken   i can answer if you call me, but if you text or i miss your call or you leave a voicemail, i won't be able to get it   if ya need me, try <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, or kailey   "
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
"praying for my dad to have a quick recovery!  i love you, daddy!"
500 days!
"hates taxes   and can't wait to get back to school to see her gorgeous friends! oh, and my fiance   he's pretty good-looking too   smile  i love you "
i guess i'm an apple-cherry-pineapple-grape-raspberry that wants to be a banana?
"is very much looking forward to teaching this week, but definitely could've used a longer weekend   "
