44df3a443b874922ddcce82898095aa6
needs an electric guitar     
what a long day this will be     
sushi
i need a nap
what's on my mind? <propfemale>!
organ grinding machine from outer space
is not very amused   
"today is lose-a-palooza! please help action against hunger raise $25,000 to fight hunger!"
i haven't checked on my bookface in a really long time    
happy new year everybody!
is tired after a long day of work and a long night of studying    wishing i could go to sleep
goin to study until my brain hurts!       well maybe not that much
the htc hero or the samsung moment? any suggestions?
has way too much stuff to learn by monday   this better be worth it    
wondering if my family really thinks that by not telling me what we need at home that they are making things easier on me     by making my have to go back and forth all over the damn place wasting my time     jeez
can't even fuckin spell
needs a nap or something       
make more money and avoid taxes? sweet
wondering why the hell i have to live next door to guys that laugh like drunken hyenas
it's gonna be weird going back to work   at least it won't be at 6 smile 0 am
today started out so good and then it went sour         
disappointed with the current state of our country
"feeling accomplished,manly,and a little like a car thief after opening yet another locked car"
"i hate it when people think they know more about my job than i do,hate it when people think i am running a scam even though i am providing something better than what they have,and i really hate it when jackasses think they are e playful erts on a subject because they know a few things or read something online  there are so many ignorant people and so few who wish to listen "
everyone needs to chill the fuck out
what is wrong with my tablet?!!!
"\in honor of the strife of those who've died in generations before for your blood stained <propfemale> i reject you i deny you i defy you to continue\"""""
no  not me  never 
your theory of a donut shaped universe is intriguing
"it's all a joke,one big joke"
"these cookies suck and i don't have a fork for cake,on top of that i feel like a failure"
rip dio(i'm kinda late posting it but who cares)
insomnia sucks
needs to go to sleep     i don't want to end up playing mw2 all night
hating the people that scream their heads off like idiots at graduations
i wish i had punch and cookies too   
needs a job
lfhoih lkv ;ldf [k
waking up feeling hungry
b o r e d
error e 74                  no!!!!!!!!!!!!
wondering if the a-team movie will be any good or if it will suck       (from the previews it seems like it won't compare to the show)
finally got a haircut
this is pretty damn sweet
can't sleep    this sucks
so far so good
downtown has some of the hottest chicks in az!
if i set my e playful ectations low then i guess i will never be disappointed    
not sure where to go from here    
i hate it when people cart in elevators
i mean fart
i seriously think my neighbors are mentally challenged
hot doesn't even begin to describe it       
just heard someone say the clouds are illegals     
yig <propmale> bow
people shouldn't have kids if they aren't going to bother to raise them     
why is walmart so full of trashy people?
bored  at work and time is going by so slowly 
so much for my plans    
wishing work was over already    
ready for the day to be over    and i have a headache      
this damn headache just keeps getting worse    thank you world for stressing me out
looks like the cure to my headache was a good steak!
mmmm orange <propmale>
"running into exes is always weird,but it's funny when they turn away after they see you and they look like they saw a ghost!"
people need to learn how to drive in this state
pimps don't cry  never shed a tear 
tired of this back pain making me feel tired
needs something to do       
philly steak cheese and motley crue    life is good sometimes!
kinda surprised the philly cheese steak sandwiches i made came out so good!
hoping today will get better
still not where i need to be    
ooh eeh ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang        does anyone else remember this or am i the only tard that does?
anyone know of a good online traffic school that isn't way over priced?
i need new glasses
the weather is crazy in scottsdale right now
hoping the rest of the day goes by quickly
hungry    haven't had lunch yet   
this traffic school better be worth it
so tired    didn't sleep well     just want   to stay in bed    
feeling very hungry
"i wish i could understand animals,it would make talking to my pets so much easier   "
"really tired  haven't been able to rest because my bed is uncomfortable and i haven't been able to sleep well,and i have been up since 4     tired & in a bad mood"
i could really go for some pizza    anyone know of a good place for pizza?
mega
now that was a good time !
need to fix my headlights
my fridge was on fire     hmmm      interesting time for a new one maybe?
what a long day     
today had started out so well   now i just want the day to be over
what a long day
isn't back pain just wonderful    ?
hungry but don't know what to eat   
tired of not getting enough sleep
so do i call the cops when my neighbor is throwing his wife out and throwing plates  or do i wait until he actually hits her?
sitting next to some cops at the car wash   one of them has the same phone as me   i am bored    
so tired    
it's finally friday!
"velveeta shells and cheese for lunch,so good   "
the work day should be over already
so bored     so much i could do but nothing is appealing   
longest work day i've had in a while    bleh
<propmale> n cheese with spicy nacho doritos is pretty good
oh back pain why must you torment me so?
i think i drove for almost 10 hours today      lucky me
woke up with a headache     what a way to start the morning
tired     sleepy      annoyed by people with loud trucks at 1 in the morning
so the hail broke windows at my house and cracked the e playful lorer's  winshield     awesome!
pulled over for nothing really   got ided for nothing really    and almost got in trouble for having but not having but having insurance   and why would the cop need my number?
"world market let me down,they have cool stuff but their scanners don't work       "
could really go for some pizza right now      
really hope <propfemale> passes her test    
golf is so boring to watch     
wishing i had the day off today    
all work and no play better make for good pay
that was some good food! good job me!
there are definitely some downsides to having my own house                 
<propmale> red
my dog makes such ridiculous noises     what a tard
5 days off in december plus 2 paid holidays? sweet!
i need a nap   
ready to go home     
damn headache       
pound of what?
<propfemale>'s car got me in an arm lock over some white chocolate <propfemale> kats
anyone know if any banks will be open new years <propfemale>?
so glad to finally be home   
is there always fog at 530 in the morning?
hungry n thirsty
the smell of pizza is torturing me
i think it's time for a new job    again
"the world will scream \save us\"" and i'll say \""no\"""""
