5638591b23443024db85efefd902d423
is still trying to recoop from saturday   
isn't it funny when you know they're just jealous  smile 
enough of the haters   i'm hatin' on apple for lying to me  you cannot put a new iphone update with bomb features and changes and say it comes out june 17 when it really doesn't 
cannot wait for an absolutely amazing weekend with everyone  smile 
lots on the mind 
"\they say money can't buy happiness  i say they must not be making enough \"" -<propfirst> simmons"""
just kickin it with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
is starting to live
is chillin in vancouver   oh boy   
is stressin on packin   
has never had so much fun! one more time!!!
bite of seattle with <propfirst> then bbq with the fam bam and partying with vilet   sounds like a pretty amazing saturday
is going insane 
don't you hate that gut wrenching feeling?
is on facebook when i should be cleaning my room   hmmm   
is chillin at home waiting for canada   
tubing with tc and vilet tomorrow   what a good day
wow screw these clouds
is packing for canada   oh boy 
and <propfirst> have floor seats   hahahahahaha
hookah sesh
cigars and rafting with <propfirst> at 4!
totally forgot about dinner   probably should eat something   
is happy <propfirst> is bringing her dinner  smile 
is exhausted from cleaning!
hates the million mosquito bites received this past week   
has alot on her mind 
literally just woke up   
has written the paper   now has to figure out how to add another 600 words to it without making it sound watered down in less than an hour   fml
hookah sesh with vilet
is trying to plan a bit of chelan   
<propmale> just belligerent called me   funniest conversation of my life
was supposed to do a lot of productive things   that never happened 
ate way too much this weekend   
awake with no hint of passing out soon   hmmm any entertainment on a monday evening?
is going to dinner with bry & trev sooooon
is gonna go chill with the girls and the boys tonite
is runnin loads of errands   
is having another sleepless night   waiting for the knight in shining armour to come
word has it free car washes at the plateau brown bear   hmmm
is hangin with my mom
is smoking way too much hookah but quitting is for quitters   haha
is so confused   
just saw that my big toe nail was cracked in half   vertically   owie  sad 
ewww my dad's 52 today   sooooo ooooold
exhausted   i'm getting oldddd
working for the weekend!! come visit me at redmond town center!
ahhhh f*cked up
work work work work
needs moolah asap!
ending the work day with 300   who knew <propmale> butler had that crazy <propfemale> accent?
why isn't night time nyquil kicking in yet? seeing as i took it at 6:45   
is excited to see <propfirst> tomorrow  smile ))
wishing i could have slept in today   
anyone looking for a job in redmond part-time?
"\is it weird that i want to compliment that guy for his purple shirt?\"""""
is searching for signal 
question: why do dentists try to talk to you when clearly you cannot talk to them?
had an absolute terrific day
just had the best run to <propfemale> garden with <propfemale> between classes   haha
just had the most amazing thing happen to me just now   i'm grinning from ear to ear
cannot understand why this damn financial statement isn't balancing out  i hate you net income 
cannot wait for tonite   ahhhh i wanna skip class
being distracted from financial accounting with the talk of ninjas and tasers   haha thanks beejan
about to go get gooooorgeous with vuhhhhlet
is sooooo hungry and there is nothing to eat in my kitchen   devastating 
haha my mom just told me to go find a boy scout to light my candle since i lost all my lighters   oh jeez 
has a ribbon cutting ceremony for my work tomorrow at 12 smile 0pm! come stop by to see me and grab some free food at redmond town center in the center plaza!
first you get the money  then you get the power 
going to work! come visit me!
is having a crazy day! back to work again tonite!
vilet lost her pimpin 
is happy that i only have to wait til wednesday 6pm for the weekend to start!
has had better days 
is sooooo excited   prolly should take a nap   haha
dang   forgot about something called school   
is working at the overlake ds salon from 6-10   come visit me??
gross im getting old
just blocked farmville with <propfirst> barber and <propfemale> heimbucher   haha best day ever
<propfemale> heimbucher and i just figured out that today is our friday since there is no school wednesday   yesssss
is loving life  things are looking better and i'm starting to figure shit out  smile 
is avoiding this paper at all costs   
"on my momma, on my hood, i look fly, i look good  touch my swag, wish you could, i look fly, i look gooooooooood"
is craving taco bell   and i wonder why i feel like working out isn't doing anything   
and the countdown to grays is on   
just figured out how to give itunes the finger by not paying 99 cents to make songs into ringtones   
dang   forgot about accounting homework   
"(314): on a scale of one to <propfirst> brown, how angry are you?"
<propfemale> heimbucher and i wanna play wine pong   whose down?!
"<propfemale> lim: \so it's like a training homo school?\""  <propfirst> barber: \""yeah but i liked it \"""""
loves that i can go chill with my mom in the kitchen at 1 smile 0am
would anyone be down for flag football maybe sunday???
"today, my girlfriend and i went to go look for a baby crib  she told me she wanted a blue one because the baby was a boy  i asked her how she knew that the baby was a boy  she said, \because the test was blue \"" blue means she's not pregnant  i spent two weeks freaking out over nothing  fml"""
wouldn't it be nice if subaru parts were cheap   it would make my life about $2000 better
does anyone remember playing the kitten cannon game in like jr high?? haha
is very ridiculously sore   
mmm definitely about to escape for a quesadilla   
has got to focus   annnnd facebook isn't helping 
"i think i can, i think i can   "
thankfully done and going to bed! yay!
loves getting packages in the mail!
should be at the gym but instead eating a rootbeer float   gettin' flabby   
had a terrific day  smile 
supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!
"baby i like the way your sushi roll, it's hotter than wasabi"
"(636): grandma was not a fan of the beer-can ornaments  not \traditional\"" """
just took probably one of the most refreshing naps in the history of mankind 
"rip <propfemale> murphy (clueless, just married, 8 mile   )"
my xbox suffers from the ring of death   fml
just found motivation to go to the gym tomorrow
cannot beli<propfemale> in 24 hours it will be christmas <propfemale>  didn't we just do thanksgiving??
is shopping for a new head unit   my car's finally coming together! inside!
is waitin for pay day
mmmm <propfemale> cuisine   dinner of champions 
benihana's last night was sooooo bomb   
has the worst managerial accounting and microecon homework known to man and it's only the beginning of the quarter   this blows 
is wishing my hair grew four inches longer   like right now 
rip <propfirst> mortimer   one of my absolute favorite customers at the salon 
just found out i have a six day weekend after this!! thanks dai quy lam
the return of grey's was definitely worth the wait 
uhhh it's my day off from school and i'm still up at the ass crack of dawn   seriously?
just ordered my new camera  smile 
the best thing about tomorrow is that it's a brand new day with the past already behind you 
workin tomorrow until 2! come and see me for $5 any bed tans  smile 
has no money until tomorrow   damn
is enjoying inglorious basterds and a lovely cup of tea before bed
happy 2-year anniversary <propfirst> mckenna  playful 
workin for the weeeeekend!
just told managerial accounting whose boss
is now on the path of recovering from vancoooover   
is craving oreos dipped in some peanut butter   mmm
wishes facebook would stop interrupting my homework   rude 
is having a <propfirst> barber moment   gettin' right at the gym
don't worry  smile  bullshit doesn't phase me
every monday after the super bowl should be a national holiday  it's decided 
has a box of godiva and a butt load of reality shows   livin' the dream
hey remember what it's like to not work? yeah me neither   
had a wonderful weekend with the boyyy
is still full from dinner with dai quy lam and <propfemale> heimbucher
is doing everything in my power to avoid homework 
why don't they label in the box which chocolate is which?!
had a tough day but looking forward to the weekend!
sometimes all you can do is just fight through it 
hates the idea that i tried to be cute at work today but looooves the fact that all my customers are wishing me an amazing and safe early birthday  smile  don't you wish you had bomb customers like mine?!
thank you for all the lovely birthday wishes! it makes it that much better knowing i have amazing friends and family  smile 
is gettin' work done at starbucks!
"hey <propfirst> mckenna, guess what's in 30 minutes?! <propfirst>: starbucks closes   ?"
is running around like a mad woman! gotta love them crazy days
had so much fun in vancoover! now back to reality   
my parents ditched my sister and i to go to a bentley event   family love at its finest 
is overwhelmed and frustrated 
wants to go to night owl tomorrow night!! anyone down for hookah sesh and a little spring break celebrating?!
is enjoying the sun and can't wait for the weekend!
can't wait for pay day   
got in my car and the first song that came up was the thong song   it's gonna be a good day
is having a pretty decent weekend  smile  no work tomorrow!!!!
is enjoying one of the few days i have off by my absolute favorite activity   vegetating
grades are up! and how in the world did i pass law with a 3 4??? i didn't even buy the textbook 
is loving the amount of craziness already planned
is all wrapped up watching new moon   too bad my <propfirst> is at work   
why oh why is there no good bbq in washington   
is still wondering how i'm not sleepy even though i know i've got a morning shift   hmmmm   
laughing at <propfirst> and his aggressive talk to other players over call of duty   
i wanna be loved by you just you  nobody else but you  smile 
is waiting for global econ to start   any minute   annnny minute   
has anyone seen my gym motivation? i think i lost it somewhere between my <propfirst>'s day and present day   
is taking a lovely tour of sea-tac airport   obviously once isn't enough to get the entire e playful erience but two times will do it
"(703): so im decorating easter eggs with my family and my mom is writing \jesus is risen\"" and \""god loves you!\"" on the eggs  i wrote things like \""i'm naked!\"" and \""there are drugs in these eggs!\"" on mine """
"shopping, pickin' up <propfirst>, makeover and stats class   tomorrow's a busy day"
is going to a business application party at kirkland starbucks   awesome?
is having a rough day  i don't care anymore 
didn't think this week could get any worse and of course got proven wrong  fml
"oh yeah that's right, i'm doin me"
is workin at the bothell ds  come visit??
"today is full of great music, great people and even better weather  smile "
whoever decided mondays was a good idea should be dragged out into the street and shot 
even my global econ professor called me out for always having a starbucks in my hand   i should get paid for their advertising 
is hopefully headin' down to the tattoo convention  smile 
is watching indiana jones at the salon   come watch with me  smile 
is thanking miss <propfemale> for showing up to my salon piss drunk and entertaining me   
can't sleep and looking for entertainment   help?
just realized my weekend is right around the corner!
has a craving for sushi before class  smile 
congrats to my dad who got invited to compete in vegas for nationals for shooting!!
"is watching a bug's life at the salon! totally forgot the \lady\"" bug was a guy   hahaha"""
you sick of lame dudes frontin' wit attitude talking bout they rims and all they damn tennis shoes
has tomorrow off! sleeping in? abso-freaking-lutely 
"is exhausted  mentally and physically  vacation, anyone??"
just found out i'm freaking out over nothing  my day just got better  smile 
"class, study, midterm, then work   my day never stops"
and <propfemale> orton are gonna go see drizzy at summer jam  period 
is about to enjoy my day off   after business class 
"this is my heart, it's not a toy  love "
has an amazing mother  smile  thanks mom for everything you have done for me! i could not have asked for a better mom! @<propfemale> lim  love 
"change is good  it takes you out of your comfort zone, makes you adapt and even lets you discover more about yourself  lots of good change  love "
had an amazing day  smile  enjoyed the sun and ready for the night!
had a ridiculously busy day planned out and now nothing   hmmm   
can't sleep cause i got lots on the mind   
"life is short  make sure you tell the ones you love, that you love them and appreciate them  because you never know when it will be the last "
is super stressed 
is loving the direction life is taking me
left my damn coffee in my car again   argh another nice walk through the wet to go get my <propmale> warm starbucks 
swedish fish should come with toothpicks  
wishing there were more hours in the day   
has the best customers ever  smile  free $400 brand new designer boots? yuuuupp   
is having a tough night   can't wait to just get home   
you never really understand how valuable the internet is until you don't have it   i missed you facebook   
needs a pick-me-up   just one of those days   
is the suck when it comes to keeping in touch   
thanks jobs for finally admitting there's a new iphone  smile  can't wait to get mine!
why won't this week end already?!?!
is thankful for the guy i'm bumming internet off of  smile 
take that global economics! and so my summer begins! finally!
i hate traffic with a passion  no shopping for me  sad 
is having one of those days where i don't know my left for my right  ahh needs the weekend again 
thanks netflix for letting me relive my childhood with some 90s batman and some <propfirst> walken  smile 
"dear itunes   how come you can't see my phone? it's right here, i promise  please update soon  thanks "
thought of the day: you never truly realize how compact and small your subaru is until you jump into a range rover then back into your soob  food for thought 
just got back from camping! getting ready for tonite  smile  happy fourth!
is enjoying the sun  smile  bout damn time seattle!
is in heaven aka nordstroms sale  smile 
is loving where i am in life 
my baby cousin (baby ash) just told me that i'm hardcore   my life is accomplished 
"is wondering why some places don't deliver i e  <propfemale> garden, taco <propfemale>, thai food   "
"sat through 8 hours of hair doin   thanks <propfemale> orton, it looks amazing  love "
has an amazing boyfriend  love 
is at dim sum with ryan   ugh so goooooood
would very much appreciate a sushi delivery to my salon  smile  tradesies?
is out celebrating my parents anniversary! 26 years of almost killing each other deserves a big one  smile 
"is headin out to dinner with babe, <propfemale> and <propfirst> after a very stressful ikea trip lol"
is taking a personal day and shopping at southcenter  smile 
is at my mom's first triathlon! go mom go!
had the cutest 8 year old boy come into my salon and talk to me about his life   haha good start to a monday
is so stressed out and burned out that i have zero motivation for anything
had a sudden realization of how much weight i've gained   damn gotta get back to my skinny days
hates a little thing called allergies   
is posted up on the couch with my big glass of orange juice and my big roll of toilet paper   bring it on 
is confused   wishing life came with a <propmale> 
is relaxing whilst <propfirst> is passed out trying to sleep on my stomach   haha
is dead from last night  venti starbucks here i come
took the world's longest nap and got down on some housework   i'd say today was a pretty good day
just got pulled over for my tail light being out   seriously kirkland police?
won bumbershoot tickets from work! <propfemale> and i gonna go see draaaaake!
is too young and therefore my adventures are limited   sigh
is going with <propfemale> to get her lip pierced!
can't sleep cause i got drizzy on my mind  love 
is at bumbershoot with <propfemale> aka bottom weenie bout to get our drake onnnnnn
omg drake was everything i wanted it to be! sooooo good!
can't wait for <propfirst> to get home  love 
has an amazing boyfriend who has the best ideas  love 
had <propfirst> call her a snorlax for taking up the couch    surprise 
did we just fist pump to <propfemale>??? @kylee: yes  yes we did 
come on clemsonnnnnn
is craving sushi   mmmm
was reminded why glee is amazing 
how is it that i resort to using my iphone for internet rather than my macbook solely for speed   ?
"if i don't come home, it's ok  i'm just living at forever 21"
"had an amazing day! went shopping, came home to chill, got picked up on the kirkland docks in <propfirst>'s dad's boat and cruised through seattle! so relaxed   "
"<propfirst> mckenna told me i couldn't bake a cake to save my life, so of course i had to make him a cake   i win!"
wants a caesar salad but can't leave the salon   wishing they had a salad delivery
didn't know it was even possible to miss pizza delivery by 8 minutes   they close?!
is cradling my corona   that kind of day 
doesn't get how my morning could be this crappy this fast   
what to do on a saturday night   
grenade - <propmale> mars
"<propfirst> hawksworth, pitcher for the cardinals is in my salon   now i'm not a huge baseball person but that's pretty damn cool  @<propfemale> no this is not weird  smile "
is disappointed 
is rediscovering how much i love across the universe
is having an emergency wisdom tooth taken out  sad  owie
it's days like these that i love my job   just me and some good movies  smile 
is working at food lifeline in the am!! excited to get back in the game!
a wise person told me that it's best to take things one day at a time and that i'd get through this   i sure hope he's right  smile 
ahh the bonding power of women and their shoes  smile 
just raided on some helly hansen gear for hella cheap at the redmond sale  smile 
thanks iphone for not sending receiving any texts   
thanks at&t for shutting off my texting plan for no reason   now go die 
loves getting packages at work! especially the new 2011 lotions  smile 
is exhausted at work but had so much with fun with <propfemale> last night at the hp premiere  smile 
watching ratatouille  smile 
ahhh it's good to be in maui  smile 
"she said look <propfemale> no hands, she said look <propfemale> no hands and no darlin i don't dance"
just e playful erienced an earthquake in maui   whaaaaaaat
"is so blessed to have an amazing life with the best family, friends and boyfriend  smile  happy thanksgiving everyone!!!"
is up way too early but i guess hiking to some waterfalls is a good enough reason  smile 
is enjoying the last day in paradise  smile 
eww this weather makes me want to jump on the flight back   
just got a nosebleed   wtf?!
let's goooooo huskies!!!
is at the salon! come see me  smile 
it's like i take one step forward and i get shoved three spaces back  ftw i'm done trying 
has the best mom in the world <propfemale> lim &hearts;
isn't ready for this   not yet 
last day for redmond-wholefoods desert sun   very bittersweet
im done!  smile 
is at overlake ds  smile  come see meeeeee!
can't believe that <propfirst> mckenna guessed his christmas present   again   for the third year in a row 
is on an adventure to go get some apple pie!
is sick for the holidays  uggggh
<propfemale> christmas!!
is setting up my new keurig single cup coffee machine!!! ahhhh so happy  smile 
called my mom while in the dressing room at nordstrom rack asking what i should do since i'm in between sizes and she told me to go eat more   surprise 
is hovering around the little heater at overlake ds watching toy story 3 haha doin it uppp
is on an adventure with <propfirst> to leavenworth   haha wish us luck!
has officially received a title for my intern position at food lifeline but is still stuck in the volunteer cave   laaaaame
oh man   thank jesus that the ds company party is once a year   i barely survived
po' little tink tink   
good god a cup of coffee is in order  
"the difference between me and you is that i'm real and i don't do bullsh*t  so go ahead and try with your games because i know in the end, <propfemale>'s a b*tch and what you do unto others, shall come back to you ten fold "
happy 3-year anniversary <propfirst> mckenna &hearts;
note to self: don't watch homicide detective shows when you haven't heard from your man in over 6 hours   hahaha poor <propfirst>
is spending her last days at desert sun! come visit me  smile 
nothing better than some lemon mint hookah seshin'
why does this hour even exist   
epic fail of a day  thank goodness for my mom and dad to always know what to do  smile 
is livin' the dream   &hearts;
why is it so cold?!?!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!!
is having a shitty day
is so happy finals are over   i think i might just treat myself to an ipad 2  smile 
the first guy in line at bellevue square for the new ipad has been waiting there for 38 hours   wtf!
big thanks to the guy in front of me at kirkland starbucks for paying for my drink  smile  just a nicely timed reminder that there are still good people in this world  love 
needs to remember to take time for me
is blessed for the amazing people in my life  i'm sorry i don't always have the <propmale> to say thank you but from the bottom of my heart   thank you for being there  love 
is wishing for a vacation   
nothing like a good work day to keep stuff off my mind
i pray to god this heart will heal
"me, myself and i - beyonce"
had a pretty good night  smile 
