ec3da3cff85c6ca422b89e8a64c5e094
"i'm really bored, like to the extent where i will do almost anything! maybe i should do that summer homework they gave us    or go buy something  i just got some money anyway "
long live the <propmale>! r i p <propfirst>
is annoyed    
is thinking    
just finished a sticker fight and heading to denver smile 
   has been sick for three days  sad 
is enjoying her new home   smile 
snow day    
   is full and sleepy! lol smile  happy turkey day!
 sad  break is over   
happy new year!!!
"church was great and looking foward for \doing it big\"" in 2011!!!"""
3 generations is officially open!!!!
had sleepover with <propfemale> yesterday and just finished the mlk jr marade in <propmale>! thx mlk jr for changing the way people see each other! happy <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> day!!
is happy  smile 
got some new pjs for a pajama party 2morrow! so excited!
watchin' mj
"watching good hair documentary, and going to ame party tomorrow gonna see some nice funny and real people  can't wait!"
bday tommorow! can't wait!
had a great bday! thank you to everyone who wished me ahappy one and for the gifts! thank you mom for takin me to leaf to eat the best food <propfemale>!
"had csaps, but the day was way fun! lol <propfemale>, deisy, and oksanna  annoyed pants on the ground\""!"""
soooo bored so im painting my nails but what should i do after? i'll figure it out eventually   
is going to church and ushering for the first time!
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got my hair done and love it! going to nc in just 2 days--- i can't wait!!!!
"im here in north <propfemale> at last! finally, i am away from snow and with my family and friends!"
"you know your at home when: you can find your way in the dark, you know all the shortcuts, you find all the hotspots, you know all the good resturants, you can always find a place to stay, you know there is no place like it, and you know family and friends will always be at \home\"""""
"i love this north <propfemale> vacation! satuday spent a day with my dad and brothers, and on sunday went to church afterwards went bowling with daddy and the entire family  today, a trip tp the mall maybe? whatever i do i'm happy with it!  smile "
just came from my big bro's basketball banquet and <propmale> out with my dad's side of the family and watched the north <propfemale> vs  rhode island nit game (a k a the not in tournament game lol nc not be there!)  so good to be where you're loved!
lookin at my new shoes my dad got me
"ahhh    i should be in colorado right now,  but my flights were delayed! oh well, its just another day of spring break! oh and happy easter!"
spring break went by so fast    only 2 months till summer
talkin to my little bro   
is so happy and glad its solved! thank u!
is making a cake! yum  smile 
my computer is spazing!!!
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? continue to love and support those who are in the fight    you are not alone!  smile "
just saw the best movie ever and is now one of my favorites
"change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to notsee a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fightagainst child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
lol my grandma likes t i  laugh 
the eclispe was really pretty  smile 
one day till christmas and two till kwanzaa!!!
"today was a great day, with great gifts, and great people  and thanks to my new family, the <propmale> family for all new memories! <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
just got out church and had a pretty good time   looking foward to going to see the lights then seeing some african dancing for kwanzaa  smile 
just got back from the childens hospital for  volunteering  be grateful for your health! thanks ms tarhonda for setting the event up for the aka <propfemale> leaguers!
church was definitely good tonight and i was really inspired! thank you dr   <propfemale> <propmale> for preaching and visiting our church and reminding us of the dream!
hbcu college fair and presentation was fun! i had a better time than e playful ected  smile 
"go tar heels, great game!!"
let's hope i don't get stage fright!
had a great day with the bff yaz and meet some of her peoples  smile 
