50707f2b3dea983d272e2ce8c3c21a2d
is super bummed out     sad 
just found out for sure that i cant do the fall show      crying 
hated grading the tests in math  failure!!!
is laughing soooo much right now!!!
going to the mall with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  smile  so fun!!!
"just got back from the mall with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!! aaahhhh    good times  bags getting taken from benches, trying on <propfemale> costumes in the disney store, and kicking random people in dressing rooms    aahhh funny!!!"
why does facebook take forever to load??? maybe its my computer    
still hasn't started any of her homework for the weekend!  smile 
"crappy week     followed by an even crappier weekend filled with 12 hours of homework and catching up from being sick  also followed by a very difficult decision to make   but i have a while to do that, i guess  but on a brighter note, the ils skits in theater were so fun!!"
school  study  sleep  story of my life   playful 
"you are beautiful  when the guys stop saying it, god says it louder!  love "
im finally back on facebook  laugh  aha      and im about to fail the essay tomorrow for world!
boredom!! highlights are im-ing xander and switching between twitter and facebook when i should be doing my chart   
is absolutely obsessed with wicked   and i'm about to start reading the book too  smile ))
anyone else think that make a baby with anyone app is just a bit creepy?
still listening to the wicked soundtrack     someone may need to stage an intervention soon  smile  haha
"i love how everyone \does homework\"" while they are on facebook    """
revenge is fun    
had thee absolute best weekend ever    revenge is still sweet by the way  smile 
<propfemale>'s was hecka fun! we totally beasted at that nasa game  smile  heheh i like you <propfemale> <propfemale> sousa
if matches don't work on the moon    then how do signal flares?? bahhhaaa! nasa is wrong   
very upset with a certain someone at the moment      annoyed  ahemm   
now not as upset with this certain someone   but still upset 
nope   still upset with that certain someone      playful 
woow    
i've definitely been on facebook wayy too long   maybe i should get off and get some sleep    
had a great day!  smile 
"just hold me now and let it be shelter me, comfort me   you would live a hundred years if i could show you how i won't desert you now ~ <propmale> mis  smile "
rawr   
why?????  sad 
about to finish my homework!! haha psych    
just realized the last time i did my nails was for winter homecoming   and the same nail polish is still on     indecision 
"really now? 3 hours on facebook?    ally, get a life   or a license"
four hours and counting    
is becoming facebook addicted   someone call me and yell at me until i get off 
great now im addicted to cafe world  someone stage an intervention now!!
finally getting off      playful  maybe i can get some sleep tonight 
panera is yummy  smile 
ew   school 
just watched (500) days of summer    new favorite movie  smile )
"ew, homework  ew, school "
had the best spring break ever    until i got sick at disneyland   yay
minimum day at school!!  smile  heheheh
just one more reason to want to be 16     i can't audition for glee  sad (((((
hmmm    should be going to sleep     nahhh 
has been spending the past week and a half watching nothing but food network  smile  aha maybe i could accomplish cooking!  smile ))
i get my permit tomorrow!                  that's not as exciting anymore      
touché  smile  haha i love bible study  smile 
i dont want to do homework    
hmm    what should i do    ehh go to sleep?  annoyed  boredom is not fun 
i love our ic sac team  smile 
yesterday was sooo fun   smile  and now im home sick     playful 
who's going to union gospel tomorrow night?!  smile 
union gospel mission tonight!  smile 
"ugm fun as always    hmm what to do now    ahem, aimee    3 more days!!"
new plan: i am going to leave a message for a different person every day until i get through my friend list!  smile  heehee
i hate when things get awkward 
it is a curious thought   but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them  smile 
saw demi lovato and <propfirst> <propmale> at disneyland!  smile  was a blast by the way!  laugh 
would rather be hurting my feet walking around disneyland than around school 
milk and cookies are yummy   smile 
lovin my hair right now     smile  heheh i actually did it right for once   smile 
new favorite quote:   the will of god will never take you where the grace of god will not protect you   thank you lord  smile  it's so true
"i need summer    time away from school, drama, and homework "
oooh boy    chem finals are no bueno 
world history test tomorrow       aiming for a 5! maybe i'll get a 2    ahahha not good     
done with ap testing!!!  smile 
going to st johns today  smile  so fun  smile  then <propfemale>'s party latahh
boreddd    and sleeepy  haven't gotten much sleep in 5 days   
is in soul purpose  smile  hahah who woulda thought?
i slept wrong last night and now my neck really hurts  sad 
bored  <propfirst> left me   smile  justkidding 
sore  bored  and obsessed with tv for the past 6 hours  smile 
leverage  smile 
leverage season 3 premiere tomorrow night  smile  just started watching this show 2 weeks ago and have officially become obsessed  i've seen every episode at least twice    most of them more  smile  it's love &hearts;
bored  bored  bored  smile 
pretty little liars is so good  smile 
just realized that my last 5 posts have been about either a tv show or being bored    someone rescue me 
pretty little liars = whoa
btw dad my room has no air conditioning    just saying  smile 
finally put all my pictures up  smile  only about 3 months late haha
can't find my phone and i am super heated
found my phone     thanks mom!!
boooored    
about to go camping  smile 
camping was fun  smile  time to do my stupid us history homework  playful 
pretty little liarss       wtf? it is amazing  the end
anyone taking ap us next year? i feel alooonnneeeee   
officially done with all my crc classes  laugh  yay  now i am going to get unmuscular again cause im not gonna work out anymore   
"dear barnabas,\i miss you so much  \love, ally"
"out of arizona, into pennsylvania  cuhrazyy trip!"
ahaa i really should have started my summer work earlier   
barnabas people! what was that song that salem sang??? i can't remember and its bothering me!
oh softball     smile 
"all of my life, in every season, you are still god  i have a reason to sing  i have a reason to worship  smile "
softball tournament was intense   now i have hw to do tomorrow     annoyed 
"\friends\"" makes me smile  smile """
"thanks, history, for the million pages of notes you assign  its fantastic "
"so we won 2 games now, cause of a forfeit  thanks grass valley "
syatp was amazing!!  smile  praise the lord  thank you for your blessing!
the <propfemale>'s were <propfemale> fun!  smile  i'm so glad i got to see everybody!!!
"i love how the friend quiz answers are in order so if you go down your profile and see who posted answers, you would know who all the answers were from "
"love <propmale> crump , <propfemale> mccurry , <propfemale> yocum and <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>   such a fun night!  smile   smile "
all of my friends are beautiful and amazing  smile  thank you so much for all of your birthday wishes  smile  it completely made my life  smile  ahaha
i luuhhv facebook stalking  smile )
someone help me go to sleep!!!! i can never fall asleep     sad 
tell me why i haven't started my homework yet   and why i'm on facebook before i start it   
at <propfirst> chandler 's house  smile  not messing around while not doing homework  withhh the amazing <propfemale> green and the wonderful <propfirst> chandler    &hearts; the beautiful ally dietz
dancefest was funn!!  smile  loooveee soul purpose  smile  buutt <propfirst> chandler 's house is pretty fun too  the amazing <propfemale> green makes it sooo much better  smile 
goood dayy  smile 
giants 6-5  smile 
        
"oh fun times at <propfemale> <propfirst>'s house and skyping with a \yet to be named person\""  smile  love yahh juliaass"""
"licensed, showered, and in sweats  smile  good day "
friday  smile 
"fun night last night at <propfemale> <propfirst>'s with <propfemale> mendoza, <propmale> wathen , and <propmale> <propfirst> murphy  smile  homework time, then to <propfemale>'s house  smile   smile "
bored   playful 
giants!!  laugh 
the giants are series champs and im eating a brownie with ice cream  smile  life is good 
you know what that is? a woodpecker 
"hecka fun night last night  smile  love <propfemale> <propmale> , <propfemale> slavensky ,  , and <propfemale> <propmale>  wink "
realized i'm kinda mean to my little brother  trying to work on that 
"wow  impressed  cuckoo's nest was really good  started off kinda slow but ended really strong  amazing job everybody!  laugh  tough play, but you guys pulled it off!"
ice cream on rainy days = happiness  smile 
just learned there are downsides to having your license  thanks dad   
"i'm watching the friends episode with the cheesecakes, and now i want cheesecake   "
"if satan keeps bugging you about your past, remind him of his future  \    \and my daddy got me cheesecake   smile "
"good practice  smile  actually excited for tomorrow, last day before break!  laugh "
listening to the cheetah girls  smile  realized i always wanted to be like the curly haired girl  haha   smile 
i love when indiana jones has no line  smile 
"just finished the english essay   playful  now i have to do my other homework  <propfemale> slavensky, i will not complain tomorrow in video   smile "
 smile  good day   long day 
aboutta go get some coffeee hahah  smile 
just starting my stats project  smile  heheh  glee practice tomorrow  laugh d
all i wanna do is sleep   annoyed 
so much work to do and im on facebook  someone please e playful lain my life to me   
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status  smile "
mooooovieesss  smile 
burlesque is sooo good the second time  smile 
im so happy right now!  smile 
"what else do you think, sherlock holmes?"
"dear homework, \i really dislike you \love, ally"
the neckline slimmer is the new shake weight 
i would rather walk with god in the dark than alone in the light   love 
tonight could have been classified as either the worst night ever or the funniest night ever 
all nighter to do homework ftw  smile  someone bring me coffee haha  smile 
just starting homework  thats whatsup 
"nope im done  take it how you want  but im done with it  done for a while at least  i dont wanna deal with it anymore and i dont wanna try to figure it out anymore  (and its not homework, although that could apply too)"
i didnt want the new profile      sad  thats why i didnt switch it earlier facebook  dummbbb 
so glad its a holiday tomorrow  smile 
"daymaker award for january 19, 2011: <propfirst> ju smile "
