90fde3283082b68e436c546977df23de
had a glass of wine last night   smile  tasted like berries  also my mom should give me 15 bucks  haha  love you 
dearest dottie: we love you  you will beat this cancer!
"<propmale>, <propfemale> wass is my mom, the coffee fanatic i told you about  rember that great story i went into? that's her, don't be afraid to ask her anything  lol"
works at j c penney's in the children's dept   laugh !!
is so tired  pulled a 39 hour work week  @_@
starting another 39 hour week today  @_@
got an awesome new haircut and dye and i'm feeling like a million bucks 
got her purse stolen the other night  ;[
"had to call into work because i'm the only one home and i have a flat tire  sigh, this is so not my week  my car is sitting at the church 2 1 2 <propmale> away  i had to walk home and call my boss after being late for 35 minutes  ;["
started school  going for pct  got a b on my first quiz   laugh 
is sitting at a gpa of 97% = a!
going into her 2nd semester of online classes   smile 
needs to do christmas shopping come friday! @_@
hello gorgeous! -operationbeautiful com
my grandma has advanced lung cancer  pourquoi <propfemale> destin est-il si cruel?
job hunting is shit in louisiana  6 months till we go back to az  ?
hurt my foot really bad  think i popped a ligament in my foot  ;[
"a new member of the family  welcome <propfemale> <propmale> into the family  she was a stray puppy i caught and brought home on new years <propfemale> and we ended up keeping her  a month before that, we had added a kitten to our home, gideon <propmale>, a stray cat i and <propmale> caught with tuna and ended up keeping her as well  we now are up to 3 dogs, 2 cats and a guinea pig  i love animals   love "
"if you wanna be noticed, you have to learn to break some hearts  - good <propfemale> "
"goodbye facebook  i am leaving, i am childish and in my childish antics i will not be coming on facebook any longer  those who wish to keep in touch with me can get my eamil from me  goodbye "
"\i don't wanna think anymore i got my head and my heart on the dancefloor\"" -lady gaga: telephone"""
learned how to latch and hook today   smile 
"i miss my grandma  d: she passed away this morning  rip grandma, i love you  march 6, 2010 "
"to friends of <propfemale> s wass: recently <propfemale>'s mother in law passed away and she has taken a leave of absence to go and visit with the family and attend services  she would like to thank you for all your prayers and well wishes, and also for all of your gifting to her on the games  she will be back as soon as she can, but at the moment she has asked me to thank all of her friends for everything they have done for her "
"to friends of <propfemale> s  wass: recently <propfemale>'s mother in law passed away and she has taken a  leave of absence to go and visit with the family and attend services   she would like to thank you for all your prayers and well wishes, and  also for all of your gifting to her on the games  she will be back as  soon as she can, but she has asked me to thank all of her  friends for everything they have done for her "
has had a bad day 
"i haven't completed my stable yet~! i need: 3 bricks, 6 harness, 4 horseshoes, 1 wooden board! please help me and thank you!"
"for my maison, i am needing: 8 slate tiles, 5 paned windows, 4 aged bricks, 9 weathered boards, and 8 vines  please help me and thank you!"
"just checked out 4 library books  finally gotten into the good habit of reading, and i'm 21  haha!"
"been reading tithe, and it's a decent book so far "
"finished \tithe\"" by <propfemale> black and it's amazing! next book is \""you suck\"" by <propfirst> moore  looking foward to it!"""
"read a few chapters in \you suck\"" by <propfirst> moore  it's actually pretty good and has a bit of sarcasm realistic features all blended together  update my website with my blog and twitter <propfemale> so you can read more!"""
"well it's now 2:15 am and i am off to *hopefully* finish \you suck\"" and begin on \""bite me\""  blog and twitter accounts updated  will get to sleep around 5 or so   smile """
"the book was amazing! on chapter 5 of \bite me\"" and it's turning out to be funny and tasteful  looking foward to finishing this one!"""
i love the fact people love me watching their kids and doing 123's and abc's so much that they will pay me $10 hr  still neglecting to read because of pokemon heartgold  i want an i-phone 
i would totally love to buy <propmale> from independant <propmale>ists  it's just so unique and rare to find such beautiful prints from undiscovered people ?
my my my! reading again! bite me is such a great book! watching bff play final fantasy 13!  love  all my fb friends!
checked out 2 more of <propfemale> black's books! valiant and ironside! looking forward to them both after the fantastic bite me is finished up!
is enjoying the hell out of snsd(girls generation) and super <propmale>! damn how i miss korea  ?
"continued with my reading  bite me should be finished tomorrow, or rather, thursday! depends  ?"
naptime!? so tired!  laugh !
3am and i crave pokemon  been writing recipes and reading little by little! need to call the hospitals tomorrow to find a good endocrinologist 
applied for more babysitting jobs! ?
"it's 2 am  i just read 4 1 2 chapters of bite me, which is getting so very tasty! it's a delicious book and i definitely recommend it! a little bit of pokemon and around 4 or 5 am, head to bed~?"
it's 3 smile 0 am! i am currently on ch  16 of bite me! didn't play pokemon today! i think i'm getting a sinus infection! d:
"i scored another babysitting job for thursdays! horray! also, i did get a sinus infection d:!"
"have to call in the morning to see if i qualify for a <propfemale>  if not, might not have a place to live soon  why is the world all about money?"
"got denied, of course  picked up 2 extra jobs though  busy busy busy!"
such a busy weekend ahead  ? thursday: babysitting 5-9 pm  ? friday: thunder down under 8-11 pm  hawt! ? saturday: babysitting 5 smile 0-midnight  ?
fustrated  i can't make the stupid sorority life toolbar work on my firefox   sad 
<propfemale> chic est-il non?
i just got over being sick  took little darrean to the park and played in the water  not i have a sore through  lol  fml 
do not accept more than one fv bonus package   per day    as you will lose them!! repost this so others will not make   the same mistake please
"currently out seeing \thunder down under\"" with the bestie ?!"""
hanging out enjoying the weather with a good book  ?
"???ok! fb friends, please take just one minute to help me! i'm having trouble keeping up with all my gifting! just comment with whatever applications games you play so i can gift you all the correct gifts! i love all my fb friends so make sure to comment so i can get the correct things to you!???"
"babysitting at 6 smile 0am tomorrow  @_@ still can't sleep, too busy waiting for ragnarok to come back up   laugh "
2 1 2 hours before i have to leave to babysit   but i can't sleep  d:
long day ahead  6 smile 0 am-8 smile 0 pm babysitting~?
another day of babysitting!?
looking into nursing classes and foreign language classes when i move back home to arizona ?
watched aladdin today  chipped my tooth  made lemonade!?
"attn farmville friends! i need your help! i am in need of 8 irrigation pipes, 5 green beams, 7 glass sheets, 9 white trellis, and 8 floral brackets  let me know what i can send you back! i have floral brackets and white trellis!"
i smell 
o i am so smell today 
i miss my things  sad 
loosing weight is hard when you're a bit lazy  @_@;;
going blonde~?
is blonde!  surprise ~
"?tired, but so many recipes to write, and so many things to do   smile ?"
"isn't it weird when you run into your ex, who broke up with you, and they don't want anything to do with you because it's your fault?"
is blown away by etsy~?
it's 92 degrees here  so hot with humidity  :[
just 7 more weeks until the move   smile 
living the good life   smile 
long 2 days of babysitting~ break time! ?
"\everytime you're close i shiver\"" i'm in love \",90fde3283082b68e436c546977df23de,"went on a shopping spree, gave my adopted father golfing money so the girls could go out, and spend some cash! yay! 5 weeks left!?"
"babysitting tonight, and then more video games   smile "
grocery shopping day with a bite to eat at quiznos!  laugh  yum!
it's so fricken hot!! 98 degrees  @_@
"5 weeks, and not only the stress of the move, but also fasfa, <propmale> papers, scholarships and school fee's  yikes!"
painting my nails and enjoying a relaxing day inside with some watermelon sangrias along with some swiss cheese and whole grain crackers! yum! today is 97 degrees with humidity  ew 
"i really don't see why people think that driving and texting is okay  some woman was texting and almost nailed the front of my car, all because she wasn't paying attention  \\here's a fun fact: driving on a cell phone or texting is that same as being intoxicated while driving  so imagine driving drunk with your kids in the backseat before you do it  nothing is really that important that it can't wait till you stop "
"well, quite a busy day  good night facebook, all my friends and family  ?"
"relaxing, and writing recipes up  why is it that pictures of food always makes you so hungry!!!"
watched <propfemale> and <propfemale>  so good! also it's 3 am and i'm exhausted!
"the upstairs air conditioner is broken, it's like 97 degrees outside and about 85 degrees upstairs  stupid lanlord "
running on 5 hours of sleep and going to the library today! hurrah!  laugh 
"got 2 cookbooks from the library  going through recipes and adding them to my tumblr! about 1 month to go before we're back in <propfemale>, warm arizona! school, papers, jobs, money, moving, packing, ect  so busy and so sleepy  mom i need the taxes you filed on april 15 soon please  much love to my facebook  ?"
going through the good housekeeping baking book and putting up recipes on tumblr  lots of recipes going to be added daily and as often as i possibly can between my schedule!
"busy day  first i and the bestie made chicken enchiladas for her parents  went out for sonic, and our <propmale> shepard doggie had overheated  he's okay now, but a bit unalert  thanks for the wishes and everything fb family "
retirement party for <propmale> on the 21st  being packed up on the 23rd and 24th  movers coming the 25th  leaving for arizona on the 29th!!!
making a strawberry cheesecake for dessert  laugh 
grocery shopping tomorrow  last trip before the move  yay! making chicken enchiladas and strawberry cheesecake for tomorrow  yum!
i got a haircut! ?
"thank you so much to all the wonderful facebook friends i have  i recieved so many wishes and happy birthdays! i woke this afternoon with 18 wonderful wishes, plus many more from early this morning! thank you all so very much!"
my hair got dyed! ?
today is the retirement party! new picture up!
packers are coming on monday and tuesday  movers are coming on wednesday  leaving early thursday morning!  smile 
"the military packers definitely know how to mess up our plans  we have to change our hotel plans, pay extra to keep our power and water on, and pay extra for our u-haul  now we can't leave until friday or saturday since the movers aren't coming till friday  oh yeah and we have no food and no money  yay "
leaving in the morning   smile 
sitting in las cruces  so excited! tomorrow is phoenix! yay!
home sweet home in arizona!  laugh 
just got enrolled into school! yay!
needs a job 
is gonna have a great 4 day weekend! ?
can't wait for class on wednesday! also i may have gotten a job! ?
classes tomorrow! just out of the shower and i cute my ankle shaving! ouch!
glasses! say what!?
is relaxing and enjoying her weekend!
"sitting, waiting for bedtime  listening to <propfemale> <propfirst> and jotting down recipes   smile "
"loves studying asian religions! ? the native american literature class is at it's best in heated discussions of religions, government, and people's personal feelings  i love how short-fused some people are  ?"
"a few little laughs for you annoyed q: do you know why simba's dad died?\a: he couldn't mufasa!\\q: do you know why they banned gambling in africa?\a:too many cheetahs!"
is a part of the gay-straight alliance at emcc!  laugh 
got her ears pierced! yay!
"place of birth  everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your fb friendswere born  copy and paste this to your status with place of birth after: <propmale>, north <propfemale>"
i am sitting in my asian religions class about to watch the matrix! this class is so fricken cool!
got an awesome job at bealls outlet!  laugh 
sitting on my butt! it's 4 am and i can't sleep  g'morning facebook! ?
looking for a good dental insurance plan  why are these things so pricey   sad 
2 am and guess who is awake!  smile 
"oct  9, 2010 - arizona's fetish ball  seems cool and looks like i need an outfit to wear!"
doesn't it get annoying being upset all the damn time? i would think someone would rather be happy than sad or mad  oh well 
"tomorrow is busy busy! going to lunch, spirit, and probably a good nap since i only slept for like 4 hours   annoyed "
"paper due friday: 10% done  project due friday: 100% done  costume for fetish ball: 100% done  first official mandatory work meeting: friday 5pm-6pm  reading is on a halt, shopping is on a halt, and so is everything really, until i get this paper done!"
1:18 am  i got all my references and notes in order  title <propfemale> is 75% done  references are 95% done  all that's left is writing the paper! who would have ever though that writing a paper on the matrix and comparing it to hinduism could be such a difficult task?  sad 
"sitting in my chair looking over my facebook stuff  paper is 50% done, just need to put all my notes into words and paragraphs  project due oct  1 for native american literature is 100% done  project due oct  11 on domestic violence in the middle east asia is about 10% done  lol  so much to do and i feel like my head is going to e playful lode   surprise "
"paper is 100% finished  project ready for friday! research for next week's project has started! ready to read again, since i haven't had much time in between projects and paper being due and a reading assignment for my native class  aye aye aye, and about to start working  my my my, where is my balance!"
"doing lots of research on \honour\"" killings in the middle east  pretty scary and grotesque things   oh my my my """
"sleepy, but it's still early   annoyed "
"2 surprise 6 am! good night facebook! \ps: what time is it where you are?"
ever notice how you can totally make someone angry by not doing anything at all? i have~  heart-broken 
"wow  looking through my recipe folder on my d drive   over 4,000 recipes  guess i should buy a case of 5,000 paper  lol "
is really bad with money  annoyed 
is playing diner dash 5: boom!
about to go to classes!  smile 
"again, sitting in my asian religions class  i'm like 20 minutes early since my class got out early   smile "
"finished cleaning the bathroom! ? now, i'm off to have the next 7 hours by myself! (friend went to an author's meeting with j a jance) rainbow festival is today and tomorrow, hope i can go tomorrow  ?"
i like it in the kitchen 
first day of work  i am in love with my new job! ?
"work tomorrow 9-6   laugh  excited to be apart of a store opening! great deals too, looks like it's a great place to buy name brand  ?"
"absolutely fantastic! i love my job  granted i worked from 9-6 and now my feet ache! overall, i love the people, love the clothes and best of all i get to shop there! ?"
my feet hurt  my back aches  i'm broke  i need gas  i have too much assignments due and projects  <propfirst> just told me to wear purple on wednesday  and i couldn't be happier   laugh 
"6 smile 0 am, getting up for work, at 8  @_@ it's early   sad "
home from work! time for dinner(almost) and then a long night of samurai warriors until bed  classes tomorrow and a trip to b&n to return some books so i can get some money back 
i like it in the kitchen 
getting ready for the fetish ball tonight  but i still like it in the kitchen  ?
"had a fantastic time last night  wink , would love to go again! ? (in the kitchen btw )"
"work today! 1pm-10pm ? also, i like it in the kitchen!"
"work from 5-10 tonight  easy night! ? also, i like it in the kitchen, but sometimes in the laundry room  ?"
is sick!  sad 
going to the arizona botanical gardens later today! yay! also i'm still sick and missing work   annoyed  doctors note!
"everyperson has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  iknow that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status  do it for at least an hour, for those who havedied of cancer or who are still fighting it"
ugh  midterms tomorrow and i cant sleep  no more sickness so back to work i go starting at 5 pm tomorrow  ugh  i wish my job was better     sad 
watching 300! ?
"ugh  another 5-10 work night, along with writing 2 term papers, finishing up a quiz, and reviewing notes for a test all before monday  sat 1-10 and sun 10 smile 0-6  ugh! when do i get to have a life   sad "
"class registration for spring 2011 is complete! yay! work is good, cept i hate having to stay later than i am scheduled for, and was so fed up i left a note and walked out  ugh, i can't stand that! classes in just 5 hours  need to sleep but castlevania for the ds is so frickin good  ?"
try to do something nice and it just blows up in your face 
off work all weekend long and off school too! ?
5:49 am and i got classes is just a couple hours  been up since 1 and can't sleep  gonna be a long day!
also it's really cold  shit!
classes tomorrow! i love my classes to some extent but have a huge presentation due on friday with a group!  smile 
"finish my presentation for my native american lit  class with a total of 8 slides of pictures, facts, music, and fun colors  now all that's left is my group presentation  tomorrow my group is visiting a buddhist's <propfemale>  sounds fun! ?"
that's right! power rangers!  laugh !
"i\ don't need an angel on my christmas tree i already have one in heaven \looking down on me          put this as your status if there is someone \in heaven you wish could be with you this christmas?· miss you grandma and papal!"
is applying for another job tomorrow  @_@
dropped my philosophy class so i could take united states history up to 1865  awesome  smile  i love history!
"it's 6 am and got classes starting at 8, leaving at 7  haven't slept since i woke up yesterday at 1 pm  lol finals next week  hope i do well!"
"1 last final today  i am passing my native american lit  class with an 80 even  awesome, although my professor's grading and point system was way off base and he was a complete jerk to 95% of the people who tried their best, i will be keeping my financial aid  i think that's whats pushing me  anyhow, asian religion is @9  wish me luck!"
"aced my final in my religions class! woo-hoo! 100%  sitting with a b(80%) in my native american lit  class and sitting on an a(93%) in my religions class  awesome first semester for me! up next is american history up to 1835 and psychology 101 starting <propfirst>  18, 2011  yay!"
"work from 1-10 today then off all week  christmas is just this coming weekend! hope everyone has as great of a time as i do! love to all my family, friends and fb friends!???????"
decorated christmas cookies and did a few stocking stuffers  can't wait till x-mas morning   laugh ! only 1 day and about 7 hours to go 
t-minus 7 1 2 hours to go! weeee!
"eating an eggroll, 2 sugar cookies, the night is young and just 4-5 hours to go!"
<propfemale> christmas!!!!! love you all!
"you'll never guess where i'm at right now! in front of my brand new computer! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! amazing christmas, i have to tell ya! love to all of my friends and family, including those of my fb!"
sitting in front of my new pc and burning music onto it! so excited! ?
bored and out of my mind   sad  also i found out i like pecans  weird 
have i mentioned how much i love house! lol???
"work from 1-6 and sat from 12-7  at least i got some hours, sucky or not  lol  anyhow, happy new year's <propfemale> all!"
it's just one of those days and at the beginning of the year too 
needs more stationery paper but has no money   sad  boo  now what do i write my recipes on   sad   sad   sad 
is fighting one of the worst toothaches of my life   sad 
work tonight from 5-10 with a painful toothache   sad 
got off early tonight  @_@ my tooth is killing me   sad 
where is my mom when i need her d:!!
dentist in the morning   surprise  then work at night!
2 am and going to bed   laugh 
"ugh  work for 4 hours   sad  classes start on tuesday, i'm so excited!"
"had to buy a mouth guard    for sleeping! lol  apparently grinding my teeth is bad, but it's also loud enough to keep the bestie awake   playful "
"red hair, well burgundy and it's so delicious! ?"
my tooth hurts   sad 
"my cheek is about twice the size of the other one  bad infection cause of my tooth, hopefully tomorrow they will pull it   annoyed "
the pain is back  sad 
dentist @ 11 today  hoping for good-great news from them! i really need this pulled and some antibiotics!
"tooth pulled, now just they pain of the extraction and lancing   annoyed  nap time "
"work @ 10 smile 0(sun) and then 5-10 on fri & sat  at least i'm finally getting some hours, jeesh "
my mouth hurts but i'm not in nearly as much pain as before  hopefully the swelling will go down soon   annoyed 
"i absolutely love house, adore whose line is it anyways and wet myself for true blood   smile "
manacotti for dinner! yum!
i look just like my mom  everyone tells me so! ?
doctor appt  on wed  feb  9 for my thyroid  i love having medical care again! ?
"ugh, so much to do  psych test next tuesday  presentation mar 8, for my history class with my group  aye aye aye! sleep! i'm exhausted   sad "
"might have a kidney infection, kidney stone, or a track infection   sad  making an appt  tomorrow  ugh "
"class from 5:45-8 smile 0  test in psy 101 and history lesson from a group in my his 103 class  i love my history class, but i just don't understand psy very well "
aced my psych test! ahhhh so excited!  laugh !!!!
"3,673 recipes! all hand written and still going! i love my recipes! ? class tomorrow, looking forward to more of my biological psychology class and my awesome professor teaching history! fantastic!"
officially quit my job today! got offers from 5 others though! woohoo! my resume must've been great!
doesnt have any money to buy a bathing suit   sad  cant go swimming 
i've been thinking about joining up in the adult film industry   smile 
had a wonderful night last night! ?
"up late talking to a great guy! ? got a hair cut too, pictures soon, and spring break is almost over but library trip tomorrow to get a library card! ?"
"time together is just never quite enough\when you and i are alone, i’ve never felt so at home\what will it take to make or break this hint of love?\only time, only time\when we’re apart whatever are you thinking of?\if this is what i call home, why does it feel so alone?\so tell me darling, do you wish we’d fall in love?\all the time, all the time  - owl city \the saltwater room\"""""
?having a great day! where are you though to make it even better?
having one of those days   
aspca commercials make me cry!
"has decided! i'm going to be a nurse practitioner  so 1 year of community college for prerequisites, then 4 years of a register nursing program at asu, and then 2 years for my masters doctorates nurse practictioner degree also at asu  ?"
"midterms, barely passed my history midterm  ugh  got a 72  suck   sad  also have a test on april 12 in psych  yikes!!"
chicken fried rice for dinner now off to classes!
"mmm, went on a bike ride then to wal-mart  ate mcdonald's for dinner  got my new cellphone, but don't ask me to do anything because it's only for emergencies, but it is purple   smile  if you want me to text or call you, buy me a phone yourself   laugh "
i'm eating pancakes in my room and watching <propmale> texas ranger   smile 
ugh i need more sticky tabs   sad  dammit 
house marathons on sleuth! ???
dying of cuteness!!!!
"depressed, tired and exhausted  sigh "
"wants to join weight watchers online, but who has that much money to spend anyways!!!??"
"my birthday falls on the same day as one of my favorite singers, jeremih! july 17! ?"
"e playful eriencing my first awful nosebleed of my life  lots of blood, it's painful and my sinuses are clogged  >x<"
"no more recipes, no more collecting them and no more keeping them around  deleted and shredded over 5000 recipes  ugh feels like part of me is gone, but i'm ok~"
and i miss my psp   sad 
