979d5ea8674bf9c543b938908dae0ab3
im bored out of my my skull
wondering about the future
feeling good cant wait till friday    dancing baby!!!! trance here i come
"going dancing tonight, got a fresh cut, getting back in shape(half way there)    heres hoping for a good night out"
last night was funnnnn!!!! im ready to do it all again tonight!!!  laugh 
dance tonight    cant wait    <propfirst> owes me  laugh  victory yet again
last night was so much fun!!! backflip on the dance floor whoop whoop!!! got home at 4 am and stil got up in time for work  laugh 
me loves disneyland!!!!!
strange how something so simply could bring ur mood down    stupid music    heres hoping for a better night
<propfirst> is jesus!!!! omg she will save us all!! lol thanks <propfirst>  smile 
<propfirst> st cloud is a great movie everyone should go see it!
god damn botters!!!!! i hate them!!!!!!!!
gahhh!!!!!! stupid botter!!!!!!! get off facebook and get a realy job!!!!
god i so want to exercise right now but im at work  crying 
dun-du-du-dun    its a platypus    its a jew     its a thingy    no! its ninja boy!!!  laugh 
ninja boy is off to disneyland!!!
ninja boy is working for that mula     lol i needs my moneys for the clubs  laugh   annoyed 
cant wait for tonight    <propmale> dancing going to happen
no more mister nice guy    its time that i finally live up to my arian blood!! from now on im going to tell it like it is and if that offeneds you well to bad    living in lies is living in weakness
hmmmm   
war is diplomacy carried on by other means
hey guys headed to bang u guys should come out too
wow mood just took a huge spike downward    o o this sux
on my way to dance    ladies night tonight!! hope to see all u ladies out there
pobre niña    i'll always be here for you  love 
i hate today   
hmmmmmm      
let life take you where ever it may
hahahahaha im back!! its time for some change in this m*th3rf^ck3r!! old look with a new spin! with thought comes change   and change come now
plotting hehehe
oopha!!!!!!!!
fuck this week   
"standing alone in the wind and rain\feeling the fear that is growing\sensing the change in the tide again\brought by the storm that is brewing"
"it's my final stand\i make a fist out of each hand\to shadows of the past\take a breath and i scream attack"
venting about bad shit that happened to you durning the week is very helpful <propfemale> u r stressed  smile  feeling better now that i let that shit out    screw you guys ^-^
time for me to be on the bighter side of life  smile 
pork chops!!!!!
salsa is pretty when u have a good partner
muahahahaha i am the ghost of the ghost of christmas tomorrow
damn im bored    and hungry    some one feed me!
"bagels with cheese, chocolates, cold water!! yummy!!!"
i dont have any goddamn jew gold around my neck!!!
man's greatest adversary is his own sinful self
"first of all, papa smurf didn't create smurfette  gargamel did  she was sent in as gargamel's evil spy with the intention of destroying the smurf village  but the overwhelming goodness of the smurf way of life transformed her  and as for the whole gang-bang scenario, it just couldn't happen  smurfs are asexual  they don't even have    reproductive organs under those little, white pants "
cellar door
exercise
fuzzy wuzzy was a bear    fuzzy wuzzy had no hair    fuzzy wuzzy wasnt fuzzy was he?  laugh 
i got my ticket x)
haded down to the beach  love 
forgot how fun sand actually was x)
remmie buckaplenty
wishing on a wishing <propfemale>    sometimes it actually works ^-^
sunlight falling on your steel
if cow=moo does woc=oom?
hmmm wat to do tonight     i know!!! <propfemale>!!!!!!!
all hallows <propfemale> never to forget he haunt the open feilds in search of his head
holy crap     o o im a minister    anyone wanna get married?      no for reals i legally am a minister  laugh 
soooo bored!!!!!!
i love    livin in the city!!
hmmm should i vote?
i feel like tacos
me so hungry!!
what the hell kind of insult is g@y a$$ m*th3r f^ck3r? are you gay but have sex with mom on the side for fun or what the hell? im confused    someone e playful lain this idiotic insult to me plz
hmmmm seems like a good week so far   
man im lucky this week    my mom woke me up telling me i was lucky to be alive cuz i had been home alone sleeping in a house full of gas for 3 hours    damn hehehe
one mor week than i gets my vacation!!!!     but i still need moneys dx blast!!
p+g+13= boobs?
hmm feel like working out
thinking about yesterday    it was great!
well all my plans just went to shit!!!!!!
f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck!!!!!!! why does this shit always happen?!?!?!?!?!?!
fml
i is happy again  smile 
guile's theme song goes with everything
doggie!!!!
food    i has an apple!
so i just woke and i was puking blood     weird   
out of state license plate
dimmu borgir
no    my mom and the <propfemale> ones r here
work is boring
at wannabe having a blast  smile 
$20 tip!!
moneys
monkeys
jumping jehovabfets is that batman?
damn work is good today
wat is wrong with this stupid thing?
boxman goes zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!
š?astný sviatky všetkým
give them nothing    but take from them everything!
chile mas picoso
ghost nappa!
grrr    stupid last minute appointments    they get on my nerves!!!!!
so theres this stalker thing going around facebook now     block it!
i need someone to workout with    is anyone down? but right now    not later   
time to start    so long
time to work out again!
to who ever i can say this personally to    happy  valentines day
on my way to wrestling practice!
i wanna cosplay as nightwolf    can anyone help?
my name in the scene is now smallville thanks go to batman
"if you saw me in a police car , honestly what would you think i was arrested for ?"
blast from the past    damn my life has been pretty fucked up and i just remembered it  annoyed 
waoh heart in racing
"hush little baby,\ dont say a word   \ daddy's going to buy you   \ a big black bird"
