64d86e27dde7651a4835211928e8b5b0
i hate it when your doing 2 things and you mix 'em up
thesaurus isnt in the thesaurus
nigahiga
shooting on post
a promise between friends means never having to give a reason - friends
dont you hhate it when your 75% asleep and 25%awake and your dreaming and what you do in your dream you do in real life
i just called my mom miss   
it's too late baby jus to turn it around i got my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds this is how i do when i think about you
is extremely super bored  like so bored if you were ever this bored you'd porbably die from being so bored
today's a winding road that's take'n me to places that i didn't want to go
"blame it on the corporate skyscrapers in the clouds, but if wasn't for you, we wouldn't have all these multiple crowds  how am i suppose to choose, which one i belong to?"
i think i just realized what happened
i need costume ideas
today wasn't the best day
worst week ever
getting 4 teeth pulled tomorrow  annoyed 
so i got my 4 teeth pulled out
sigh              i don't know what to do!!!
oh tonight im feel'n fine im alone just waste'n time on friday movie night or romantic candle light
"all night staring at the ceiling counting for minutes i've been feeling this way\so far away and so alone but you know it's alright i came to my senses letting go of my defenses there's no way i'm giving up this time yeah, you know i'm right here i'm not losing you this time "
sigh               im so confused!!!!
"yeah!!! lets carve pumpkins!!!!\a few moments later\ewwwww!!! pumpkin guts!!!"
i keep contradicting myself    
somethings getting in the way  somethings just about to break  i will try to find my place in the diary of <propfemale>
i have a plan!
i think i know what to do
i can breath again
haha middle school has school today
i went to my iaido class(japanese swordsmanship) so i was all dressed up in the kimono and everything and when i got there there was a cheerleading thingy going on   epic fail
im sooooo tired -   -
just the pokemon theme song on my ipod     i feel epic!!!!!
"type your name: <propfirst> taylor\with your elbow:bramndon tayylor\with your nose:<propfirst> taylor\with your eyes shut:<propfirst> tayler\ post this as your status don't erase the mistakes"
went to sleep at 2 and just woke up    im still tired
watching the rugrats movie    yes!(fist pump)
cant wait for the back to back rugrats
awwww yuck flat soda
it kills me not to know this but ive all but just forgotten what the color of her eyes were and her scars oh she got them as the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropp'n through the valleys of an aging face that this world has forgotten
you know my name you know my face you'd know my heart if you knew my place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go
hard to see the window facing foward looking back over yearsspent tracing wondering how you left your track under water breathing burns your lungs and breaks your backs and you could be waiting for a day that wont come
"would you rather live as a monster, or die as a good man"
lols today was   comical
"\i'm so happy for you guys  and you are both so lucky! i mean you both said the right names and nobody was drunk and nobody was gay    and on your first try    \"" lols friend"""
i just woke up   
ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! icyhot burns!!!!!!!
i dont wanna waste my time become another casualty of society i'll never fall in line become another victim of your conformity and back down
snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day
2hr delay       
it's cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hopefully we dont have school tomorrow either
no school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!
100% of living are alive
oh my god! that's so unfair! all because of gay pipe too!
theres a place off ocean avenue where i used to sit and talk with you we were both sixteen and it felt so right sleeping all day staying up all night
oh my god! ms  <propfirst> what does artwork have to do with english?!?!?!?!
"if you only knew the pain, the pain i keep inside, the pain that makes me \me\"" then without it who am i? in a room of broken walls i lay in scene and dreams i want you to see"""
who knew putting together a desk could be so confusing
who knew playing sonic with a click wheel could be so hard   
it's very hard to watch jumper and try to photoshop at the same time    
"you, you want nothing to do with me  you, you want nothing to do with me  i, i don't know what to do with you  cause you don't know what you do to me "
"so my mom asks \how do you spell glad?\"" and she starts spelling it \""g r a\""   sigh fobs"""
if im going to photoshop i might as well have fun with it
oh my gawd!!!centipedes!!!!
"i know it's not enough to say i'm wrong  you know that i'll miss you now you're gone  i know it's your life to see this through  just know that in my heart, it beats for you  so leave a little note for me behind  i swear i have to know the reasons why this wont survive"
has learned to do the pop up
"let's decide to be the architects, the master's of our fate  yeah, we still believe in all the things that we stood by before  and now to everything we've seen here maybe even more  and i know we 're not the only ones, we were not the first  unapologeticly we'll stand behind these words"
the house on mango street    i hated that book but it makes a surprisingly good mouse pad
"can you hear the crowd? they all go wild for you and your denial they’re watching you break down(break down) hate me all you want, i’ll be okay i’m half the world away i’m letting you go now (go now)"
i'm cold and white i'm holding on i'll try to breathe for you i'm crying out i'm singing loud you could be all i need
"this whole routine is getting old so am i, and so are you my reputation lets me know i can do whatever i want to though it seems that you believe you can do whatever it is you please not before, not before you wind up on your knees don't cry to me no more"
it's finally over!!! aizen has finally been defeated! but that was a terrible ending
would the ninja glare be considered rebeling???
it's <propfemale> and <propfirst> outside
time to go to hulu
they can take our lives but they cant take our freedom
gotta start on my collage
"killzone 3, intense"
"if you only knew the pain, the pain i keep inside, the pain that makes me \me\""  then without it who am i in a room with broken walls i lay in scene and dreams i want you to see """
something's getting in the way something's just about to break i will try to find my place in the diary of <propfemale> as i burn another <propfemale> as i look the other way i still try to find my place in the diary of <propfemale>
where's a fighting type pokemon when you need one???
you can't break an unbreakable vow
"like this and i will tell you;\1  how we met annoyed 2  would i date you annoyed 3  who are you to me: \4  what i like best about you:  \5  what i dislike about you: \6  favorite memory of us: \7  first impression of you was annoyed 8  how close we are out of 10: \9  looks out of 10: \10  repost"
"the field trip was a disappointment, i was e playful ecting to be bit by a mutated spider, but nooo  all i got was arby's and a dizzy feeling"
i feel so ninja dodging all of the other trainers
"i carried weight but i could not do a thing, and i'm done seeking treasure just to wake up in an early grave so i stopped right there and said go all alone cause i won't follow,this isnt giving up no, this is letting go"
simisear used lick   gross!
best pokemo storyline ever
i give up     
all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream
gotta let go before i'm cut off
finally found a good reason
