7d8d1c844ff62127bac018e3ab2deb5e
cookies makes me sad in the pants  annoyed 
i hate you all
so its official    my computer has died  i think i used to like reading books   
6 days until i get my new computer   that's  like forever - -
is it terrible of me to want my computer so i can remove 3 people from my friends here?
5 more days until i get my new computer!!
bored bored bored    ffs someone entertain <propfemale>
someone make my comp get here faster
wheres my midget?
i blame all you effing aussies for me missing my delivery today
"14 more hours, or 10, somewhere in there"
umm   i need to make friends with some girls > > this is sad  any of you know none retarded bitches i could get along with?
sooooo bored!
any minute now
i really hate ups
its computer time bbs setting up!!
"my roommate has the sweetest, most adorable loving big ass lag dog  half <propmale> shepard half huskie and yes i said lap dog    i think she broke my legs"
so 3 days until i can use my new computer    gg starting the countdown again
i has a banana
ok   so someone bring me coffee to get me to get off my ass and finish cleaning
2 more days
bored bored boreddddd
watching almost famous   waiting on breakfast   someone entertain my ass
one more day    
how can i hate black licorice but love jäger?
"yay moniter cable comes today, let's hope it gets here early!!"
who's going to teach me how to play wow again?
yay!!! i have a computer!!
my comp has a 3 2 gs
"wow is taking to long to install, someone make it go faster"
fb is beng mean and wont let me tag my brother    
gg downloading mods and redoing bartender on 7 80s all with duel spec   why did i reinstall?
my roommate pisses me off like no one else in the world can
well yay stupid at&t broke my internet  annoyed 
"men fail   im going <propmale>, wait i think there is maybe 5 women in the world i dont hate, any other options?"
bed time for cutty  yawn
why do bars here close at 2? thats such fail
"i have a new pet peeve, ok not new but still  people who use \d\"" instead of \""th\"" when they type  dey piss me off  or use z instead of s  makes me want to stab their eyes out with forks"""
"i never thought i had it in me to actually hate someone, but i think i have met someone i can hate   "
"someone come clean my room for me, i got it in me to like sort through all my crap (someone wanted me to dig something out) but now i cbf putting it all away"
fastest way to make the 30 year old childless woman cry? let a baby fall asleep on her    gg on friends using me as the free babysister
so it was pointed out to me that even though i dont have many people on my friends here if i took off everyone who ever hurt me i would be taking off like 15 people   am i too soft?
"so yay me, i logged off my msn and cant remember my pw   so once i get around to it ill be making a new one, i hate new computers not knowing pws from my other harddrive"
i want to be back home in my favorite pool hall with my favorite pool guy  
"and i am back to hating everyone  and hopefully i can get some fucking sleep in this 6 hour drive, 3 hours in like 2 days isnt really enough"
again i seem to have lost my midget   i ampaying alot in reward money if someone can point him back to me please  he is missing out on cactus pole dancing tonight  annoyed 
"i am oh so sad, where is my cuddle <propmale> to call me names and cheer me up?"
"can someone please e playful lain this whole \emo\"" thing to me? i just cant seem to understand why people get into   or think that other people look good with the \""emo\"" look  i think maybe its just i think it looks terrible on guys   im sorry i cant find a <propfemale> ass looking man attractive   take the fucking make up off eat some cement and harden the fuck up """
its 4 am and i need sleep   but its to hot to sleep
so  i am still sad and looking for my cuddle <propmale>  he hasnt been around to call m names in days
someone come vacume for me im over house cleaning
" sigh, there is nothing else i can say   "
o o reinstalled sl yay!! *happy dance*
i got lost   but i found my way back  annoyed 
wheres my midget?
someone entertain me   
5 smile 0am im awake the mister <propmale> wants to sleep and i wont let him    why oh why am i so mean
nini   sleepy time
i just have to say you aussies eat the nastiest shit    meat pies   yuck
where is everyone?
im supposed to be sleeping   but ceebs
"i'm over people, i hate you all  yes even you"
is over it   
"yup, i'm the bitch   done"
i can easily tell when wow is down when like half my friends sign in to fb at the same time  annoyed 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
what? reactvated wow?
fml 3 stitches i my forehead and i look like someone beat the hell out of me  annoyed  someone needs to make me a bubble to live in so i stop getting hurt
"grinning from ear to ear, today has become an amazing day!! yay"
"we believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one face-booker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!!! i hope to see this re-posted a lot by my friends"
nomnomnom nutter butters are soooo yummy
"so i heard rift was good, but lacking content, anyone else think that?"
it shouldnt of been <propfemale>   
"i am tired, cranky and going to bed"
why did i have to be cursed with such curly hair   so much time wasted every morning making it straight and now add the burn on my ear from the iron  gg
"you and i end up in a police car together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? \note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you may think    smile "
every week someone on the biggest loser makes me cry    why do they have to make me cry?
"so trying fish oil to help with my bi polar   alot of people say it will help since nothing else works for me, i just dont understand how fish oil will help but i guess it is worth a shot"
"oh joy, another day stuck in bed waiting for painkillers to kick in   "
so paying some guy to come build my computer and he can't even show up on time    glad i didnt pay him in advanced like he wanted
sooo   i have spent months and months upset that i fried my good computer and finally got the pats to rebuild it    guys here putting it together when we find out that the only thing that was actually wrong with the computer was that it needed a new power button   
for those who know whats been going on great news  its not cancer  i dont think i can honestly say how happy i am here because words cant describe  but thank god  the worst and scariest week and a half of my life is over
so bored with wow i am logging off to wash the walls in the living room
sooo tired think im going to pass out for the next 2 days
"soo  first guy i paid to work on rebuilding my comp installed everything wrong, broke it all in the process and now is unreachable   "
"sooo again i am being told i will have my new \computer tonight    we will see how that goes"
yay my computer is on its way here ready to go!!! well after i reformat   lets hope i dont fuck that up
yay for rift things!! any non crazies playing?
oki so warrior in rift  love  granted im like level 10 but im loving it
