5e25af73763e8b72d4580dbea91358bc
picked all my classes for the fall and am going to be a bio <propmale>
"just because her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry   and just because she comes off strong, doesn't mean there's nothing wrong  -anonymous"
band interferes with my life in strange and unusual ways    and i'm not even there anymore!
cool as a cucumber
"writing one of my stories, sitting back, and getting a little sun   it's great that i don't burn and can only get darker "
doesn't know how to upload pics and is starting to get frustrated  can anyone help me?
i want to go and do something but it's too late tonight and i don't have time tomorrow    life kinda sucks 
"guys suck but thats life, you cant live with them and the rest of us wont survive without them  oh well "
thinking about the best time to visit the band next week 
is extremely bored 
thinking of how weird it is to not be going to band camp  i promise i'll visit soon though  smile  
i went to see the freshmen today! they play very well but there is room for improvement  it was nice seeing those of you who were there  i'll see the rest of you next time  wink  
"the band was very good this evening  i am very proud of all of them  go low brass for winning the artichoke and go trumpets for getting the per capita  cant wait to see the whole show, keep up the good work!"
just made pudding!
last day of summer(for me at least)  so did anyone do anything fun? i went shopping and to an anime convention 
had a good second day of collage i really like all of my professors 
is extremely tired and wants to go to sleep right now but has chem hw to finish
wondering about how everyone is doing  i kinda fell of the planet recently and just got back so i'm not sure what's going on anymore 
i wondering why nobody from ckm talks to her anymore  sad 
my computer is fixing what i write and leaving out letters here and there so im trying to be extra careful when typing 
trying to finish a paper before going to watch the oakmont field shows  go mcclatchy!
the mcclatchy marching lions were great tonight and i enjoyed watching the show they have put together thus far  keep up the good work guys! catch you next time  wink 
is getting ready to go to a hawaiian wedding and wishes her trumpets and the c k mcclatchy a good show tonight since she has to miss it 
just got back from watching paranormal activity  the ending was really scary!
loves it when you don't know what your doing but still do better than people who knew what they were doing  laugh 
congratz to ck macclatchy marching lions onyour first place victory and to the percussion and dm <propmale> for your victories also! the show was great and you guys rocked! good job!
i feel very behind in relation to my friends and whats been going on  where in the world have i been anyway to have missed so much?
is dyeing 
i hate life 
"great now i'm sick on top of everything else  this is definitely looking to be a great start, not "
"bored, i want to go out and do something, anything, but i need to save my money for my books for class and everyone seems busy  sad "
life sucks  no matter what you do to make things better for those around you or for yourself things always get ruined and you end up at the bottom  thats the story of my life and im tired of repeating it over and over again 
got to see a pre-release of <propfemale> in wonderland last night! it was amazing and i suggest if you have the money it is worth seeing in imax 3d! that was probably the best part  laugh  besides <propfirst> depp  wink 
happy to have finished my first story and having reached 120 reviews! now i need to go back and fix a ton of stuff > playful 
"i'm really happy, excited, elated, joyful, <propfemale>, glad, delighted, enraptured, cheerful, exhilarated, pleased, gratified,ecstatic,overjoyed,exuberant,jubilant rollicking, thrilled,bubbling over, and smiling  laugh !!!"
even happier now?!
huh   
i got a new phone! finally! so i don't have anyone's <propfirst> and if you want me to you should send it to me 
going downtown to see clash of the titans
happy easter everyone! ^-^
wants to slap the guy acting like a professor at the front of the room 
is bored
ready to destroy the bio exam this morning!
"anticipating what will come after class at the scholarship banquet, i don't know what's going on for once! ah!!!"
"a lot of older people are actually quite nice and i have found inquisical about what we ( the younger adults) think, feel, aspire to, an plan for ourselves  but perhapse it is just me that feels this way and perhapse those i have met that do this "
is reading the tempest by: <propfirst> shakespear 
tired and happy it is wednesday 
one more class and i am home free for my long weekend 
count down: 12 days of class left or 4 weeks or 8 mw classes and 12 mwf classes or 8 more days of brit lit and shakespear and 12 more days of bio and coms 
relaxing now that i'm back from spending the afternoon with gabby 
"six little girls, ages 2-7, are a handful  trust me "
"\all women are princesses  it is our right \"" - indian woman from 'the little <propfemale>'"""
it's sad when you find that your reality was a fantasy and those nightmares were the true reality 
loves the rain  smile 
is over at tupelo coffe house having a mocha thai  it's amazing!  laugh 
going to sit outside of my class since i'm early and the other class is still in there 
"hates comunications class, never again!"
"ok i need some opinions, why should people read and why don't people read more often? this is for a speech i have to do and i need normal peoples opinions "
"for those of you who don't read that often, why don't you? also what things prevent you from reading in general? do you think there any negative effects of reading or not reading? please i need feedback for an assignment "
"i get to sign up for classes now for fall semester! i am going to take french 1a, english 20, english 30a, english 50a, and history 146a  if they let me get a extra unit waver in june then i'll be taking gov 150 also  i am so happy all my classes are open still!"
got into all my classes  laugh  i have to wait for the unit cap to be removed to get into the other two i want to take 
"somtimes the hardest thing to do is say good bye, other times it's saying good bye but still seeing the person(s) and having to continue to face them "
happy mother's day to all the mommies!!! we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you and we wouldn't have grown up to be who we have become  thank you!
studying for my finals tomorrow  playful 
going to get some sleep  finals beat you to death and always end up easier than you anticipate  i believe i did well 
shit happens and then you die  so get over any greivances so you can live your life to the fullest today  it's a lot better than staying mad and bringing yourself down or worrying about it  -<propfemale>
what to do my first sunday off    hmmm    it's nice to not have to worry about class anymore ^-^
b
i am in <propfemale> <propfirst>! my first full day it's on it's way and we are having a blast so far! we saw the sea lions yesturday and the winchester house 
"went to monterey and we had a really bad time sadly  tons of disrespectful, loud, bad mannered kids running around the aquarium and it was in the morning too! then we had bad service at gillberts, it came recomended though for it's clam chowder and that was almost worth the bad service    almost "
"we had fun in san fransico, went to pier 39, the warf, and little japan  <propfirst> finally got to eat narutos  it was nice and a good end to a great vacation "
is relaxing and reading the 6th book in my summer reading list of 55  go me!
"people are difficult to understand, please, and get along with  now that that has been said, emotions are harder to understand  more difficult to control  plus to make it more impossible they are harder to accept and learn to live with  so if i could i would loose the capasity to feel (emotionally) right about now "
"things tend to work out in the oddest of ways, one can just hope that it is for the best and make sure to go in a direction that enables them to live without regrets  - <propfemale> pina"
ok now to who the true friends are: pepsi or coke?
going swimming and then to second saturday  fun!
life is complicated 
i must be a bitch or something with the way some people act around me  damn i know i can be one sometimes but seriously?
going to the state fair! it's going to be fun fun fun!  laugh 
you never know a person until you have seen them at their worst and their best  sometimes you can live with the worst and accept it other times it hurts us and then other times it also scares us  sometimes accepting the other part is the hardest thing to do and may not be the right thing to do 
anime is food for the heart and soul and also for the ravenous fan girl  laugh 
"“naturally\ the common people don't want war; neither in russia, nor in england, \nor in <propfemale>, nor in germany  that is understood  but after all, it is\ the leaders of the country who determine policy, and it is always a \simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a \fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship "
is thinking about doing mandarins  any suggestions? comments? naysayers?
thinks she shall go swimming  \\_ \\
im getting a puppy!!!!
im going to pick up my puppy today!!!! its a little pekingese boy and he is the cutest thing since clouds 
and pluto are relaxing after playing for the morning   laugh 
my dog sounds like a demon  i feel bad that he needs to be in a kennel but it is necessary 
i hate the long days(monday& wednesday) i have to leave pluto with my dad from 8-7  well at least it's only twice a week 
if only all my classes got out 10 <propfemale> early then i would have 20 <propfemale> breaks between 
last class! go go go!
"just watched 'letters to <propfemale>' it made me cry  it was one of the best love stories i've seen in a long time  \it's never too late for love\"""""
"ok i am done having 120 friends  i know all of you but really  i do not know if i want that many  it is definitely more than i talk to or who talk to me  so if you want to stay friends either comment or like this and you wont be terminated to acquaintance? they should e playful and upon this a bit more, like friends, family, business, acquaintances "
"\i don't want to survive! i want to live \"""""
relaxing after taking my first exam of the semester 
waiting for class to start so i can hurry and get the day over  lol  it usually takes longer than this for me to start wanting school to end 
french is hard to speak apparently but easy to write except it's the opposite for me 
guess who is officially in the sac state marching band? me!!!
"pluto's getting his last round of shots, so in two weeks he can go for real walks and to new places  i love my little boy "
going to get pie!!!
coconut cream pie is amazing!
so if i say banana you say?
going to <propfemale> <propfirst> to perform at the boardwalk!
i love the rain  i think i shall go dance in it!  laugh 
another boring class of american literature  i wish it was half as interesting as british lit was  sad 
got a   b+ on my lit mid term!
today feels like a weird day  i don't want to do much of anything but i have a mid term so ya  i also feel like i have lost something 
tired but i got that paper done!
going to the woodland cornmaze tonight! doing the haunted run  smile 
"et <propfemale> moment se sentait comme, comment <propfemale> dirai-je, comme <propfemale> goût de paradis "
"it's my dads birthday, so i have to make a cake   i don't know what type to make though since i don't have everything to make <propmale> chocolate (his favorite)  any suggestions or ideas?"
football game and then folsom show  let's do this!
don't you just love those days where everything is going to hell and your just life fml? ya me too 
and we begin yet another boring day with a test  joy 
going to causeway classic and the bands going to do the show  hopefully it doesn't rain too bad  let's go sac state!!!
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there shouldbe no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children "
hey so i have a few weeks until my birthday and i wanted to know if anyone had any ideas on what i should do and if you would want to come 
i really hate having nightmares every night because my life sucks  i try during the day to forget and not deal with it but every night it's the same  fml
what is up with my luck lately? i didn't do anything to deserve this bad luck streak 
oh ya  i am so not having any good luck lately  i wish i could just hold up in my room for a while and forget the world around me 
i am so tired  i just want to go back to sleep but i have to study for my final  grrr     well the sooner i get done the sooner i can sleep  smile 
"ah, my first jury duty "
someone or something is trying to kill me!
"lots of sleep, soup, and keeping warm  i shall decimate this bug!"
"ah the good old days of playing the ps, n64, sega gen, gb, and x-box     time to relive it and get my gaming on!!!!"
i hate being sick  sad  i can't seem to shake this cough and it's been 2 weeks
i need a real hand and ear right now  i need to know what the point is  does hearing the bad in my life really make it so no one wants to listen or comfort me? am i such a bad friend that when i need one no one answers? what's the point? i can't do any of this anymore  please    
thank you to those who reached out to me in my time of need  i am truly blesses to have you in my life  i trust god to help me get through this and i know now that i have the support of friends and family now   i know that i can get through this now 
dancing has become one of my new passions  i have only ever felt this type of ecstasy when writing or playing an instrument  i truly do love the arts 
got a dsi !!!
in pain   must sleep   ugh   but i can't get comfy   well at least i can't feel my legs right now    
"we make decisions (good and bad), we inflict and e playful erience pain, we enjoy life, we hate life, in the end it doesn't matter another day ends and everything goes on "
feeling a lot better  finally getting over this phenomena since i got diagnosed and got the meds for it 
just finished going over my fiction assignment  i hope it goes over well with my classmates 
is in serious pain!
"ok now here is a serious question: how do you know the guy you are with is the one and that you are not just settling?\now before people get mad or anything i am only asking because i have been talking to a lot of guys lately and they keep questioning me and my relationship and now i have been questioned by a professor so its starting to bug me that i don't seem to have an adequate answer or retort "
tired   but i have to write comments on peoples assignments still   fml
when you see a rain cloud get ready to dance in the rain!
i'm so board  i guess i will start the reading for next week so i have something to do  i am unmotivated to write right now so there isn't much of a choice  if anyone sees my muse running around tell her that she needs to get back to work!
researching content for my next paper  always to be ahead and play later than waste time now and rush to get things done later   annoyed 
"so i think i am going to join the peace corps after i graduate, it has not been decided for sure but i will probably know for sure after i figure out where i want to go and after the orientation "
ok so i have contacted the recruitment officer  i look forward to going to the general meeting next month to find out more about what i will be able to do and go  i plan to stick with this and i am happy that i have the support of my family and friends  i love you guys!
"spring please start already, these flowers need your warmth to awaken them back to the world, these people need the birds song to lift their chilled spirits, and i need the life you bring for my own "
i want to go out    
well i just finished the first part of my epic sci-fi horror story  hit me up if you want to read what i got so far   smile 
"off to sleep, i had a very long day "
oh how i wish break would hurry up and get here!
why do people who claim to be adults attend college and act like children? i pay to go to class and learn not to attend a daycare facility!
mmm     north african mint tea  and edamame ^-^
<propfemale>!!!
i love how every time i give an inch people have to go and try to steal a couple feet!
uh   i feel so sick   i dont think i will be able to go to my dance class  sad 
"good nap, good food, and warmth makes me feel all better  i am so happy that i reacted quickly to what could have turned into a miserable situation "
i'm done 
ok to make a cup of coffee or to make a cup of tea    decisions decisions   
"it's never that easy, even in fairy-tales \\the beast almost dies before beauty tells him how much she loves him \\the mermaid almost dies before the <propmale> realizes his mistake \\and sleeping beauty is locked away with many obstacles for her <propmale> \\it's never easy for them but they are still able to conquer all with love "
"everyone in the human race is a masochist, we seek love and want it for ourselves and in going after it and achieving it we hurt ourselves and go through hell  is that's not masochism then i don't know what is "
"every part of my body, from my heart to my feet, is heavy with one emotion or another  i think i would be weighed down enough to actually walk on the <propfemale> and not bounce   sad "
waiting so i can feel a bit better and not so alone
ok much better now  i am going to sleep  it seems much later than it is 
"another day, i'm so tired of this but i have to go  at least i only have four more days of class (m-th) and then i have a break  annoyed \"
my phone is back on if anyone cares 
"i guess sometimes when we do something to others and it hurts them (even if its not on purpose), we deserve the same and tend to receive it  if i knew that the pain was that bad i wouldn't have caused it, but i guess i have to keep strong and keep moving on "
"\remember your eyes are blind and can't see what you're really looking at \""\",5e25af73763e8b72d4580dbea91358bc,"i hate being ignored  i feel like i don't mean anything or like certain people don't care when they ignore me  i mean seriously, how can you say you love someone then not listen to them or talk to them?"
"what's the point? life sucks, my relationships suck, school sucks, everything sucks  i can't do anything right, i'm a horrible person, i am too critical, i am mean and angry, and i am no good for anyone  i guess i don't deserve anyones love after all and deserve to be by myself  crying "
men  can't live with them or anything else for that matter and can't have children without them  damn me for wanting to be a mother someday  playful 
"my life is like an f-ing soap opera! who the hell is writing this script anyways?!?!?! well i'm going to find 'em, get rid of 'em, and start writing it myself because i'm not doing 'this' anymore "
is it really almost eight? ugh i have to revise this paper so i can turn it in and just chill over break    well no time like the present 
oh ya! just finished revising my paper and added a whole 3 pages to it so its now at the limit of 10 pages!  laugh 
life sucks    i want a re-do   
"no one will get this right! my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite soda_______, my full birthday___ ___  ___,who's the love of my life______ ,my best friend_____, my favorite color______, my eye color_______,my hair color______ my favorite food________and my moms name__________! !! put this as your status and see who knows you       best    do you really know me????"
pickles are awesome!
i want to go on vacation again    tropics    snow   hmmm     
"don't you just love those days where you feel like you have already done and accomplished a lot but you are only halfway through? still have 2 classes, to go to the gym, and i have a game i have to do this evening  well wish me luck! ^-^"
