d70398c9406a2b719c77a5560fb96995
cowboys and steelers will make the playoffs
semester testing is over yes!!!!!!!!!
is bored
which team will win super bowl xliv (44)
"i'm waking up at 4 tommorow to go sledding, but i don't know what 2 sled with yet"
wants to know more about god
cant wait till the week is over
go alabama!
attention! cowboys will win the super bowl
cant wait till 180 tonight
churches are like hospitals to the sick which inspired me
cant wait for <propfemale>
go <propfemale>!
<propfemale> blew my mind yesterday! and today will be better
<propfemale> was da bomb!
people  of <propfemale> i dare you!! to be consistent with your relationship with god
180 tonight!
"just read todays dare and i challenge me who i was in the dark, and not to have a private  self and a public self   also it was on character and integrity"
impossible is not a word just an excuse not to try 
hello people of 180!  just here to remind you that dont forget to read the dare and i have feeling that tommorows service will change  lives forever 
have 2 more days of the dare left
finished the dare!!!!!!!!!!!
cant wait for spring break and blessed on what god has done with my life
just got back from mexico and really tired
loves his sister very very very much 
is glad that londan goes to greenwood 
soooooooooo much work in english
cant wait for 180 since i couldnt go in spring break
going to airsoft today
is bored out of my mind
has a job
thought last night was fun and interesting loved every part of it
180 was amazing it got me thinking of my legacy and wat  i should do
sparks will fly as grace colides with the dark inside of us so please don't fight this coming light let this blood come cover us his blood can cover us (healing begins-tenth avenue north )
im so boredddddddddddd
180 was amazing and <propfemale> and i had a great time on our date 
cant wait for 180 i missed 1 week and feel i know tonights going to be great 
at fort myers florida to do some work
returing to arkansas in 2 days
im back in arkansas!!!!!!!!!
am getting killed in band practice 
is facing the fact that i need to have a larger relationship with god
cant wait for 180! go energized!!
its time to step up
paint war was fun and messy wink 
energized will dominate at pumkin bowl   but most of all god has blessed deeply with a purpose and his forgiveness
is mad because i never knew wat time 2 be at the band room now i couldnt go with them  best thing i can do is make sure it doesnt happen again
cant wait to see my family in north <propfemale> in a few days
cant wait to go to 180 tommorow   i mean 2 weeks thats to long to be away from axiom smile 
wow tonight was amazing at 180 please anyone who gets this message please come i would abosolutly love to see u there and if u do come   e playful ect the une playful ected trust me!
is about to watch batman begins
"man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation  the foundation of such a method is love  \<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>, jr "
axiom can't wait remix night and to see you all there! remember shirts are $10
"i have been trying to fight my fight by myself for too long  i can't win without god and i can't lose with god by my side   its time to step up \i am second "
is sick of being sick its sooooooo boring im even sick of video games annoyed 
<propfemale> was    awwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeesssssssssoooooommmmeee !!!!!!!!!!!! god made some real life changes there  wow like i can't even e playful lain it   our god is real and worth serving and love him with all of your heart and most of all its all about having a relationship with him   a giant weight has been lifted from me   wow! jesus i shall forever shout your praise and give u everything!
"\take a stand for your cause make our hearts break for the loss we will shine your light in the darkest place \""-one band"""
"\someone who fears nothing loves nothing\"" well i love god a lot so i should definatly fear him  (hint hint)"""
had an amazing time last night its reminded me that being a man of god doesn't mean to just be so serious but to have fun while serving your holy lord   i thank everyone who was there i had a spectacular time   also im curious what asignments god has told me to do large or small 
am glad to get to meet so many awesome people the last few days
"all power, and the <propfemale> to your name, we stand in the hope of freedom, we know that your loves redeeming, and we wont back down! no we won't back down!\one band-wont back down"
i cant wait to go to 180 and to see the best remix group ever!axiom i no gods going to do some amazing stuff tonight
i just saw rango with the awesomest youth group ever and i had a great time and the movie was very funny  i give it a solid 7 75
is
is badly sunburnt     owwwwww!!!
is very sad because i missed my favorite event of the week seeing the awesomest group of people axiom rocks! smile  miss u guys
