2cb65d459fffd8c24d47cc35a41cb8cf
"ok, this site is confusing me already  ugh  and i look the same in this pic anyway, so why does it matter that its two years old?"
ok  third day going on facebook and im a bit confused still  oh well  i'll figure it out eventually 
im so bored with break so far  <propfemale> has got to get out here soon 
snow is awesome!!!
dry winter air is horrible  humidifiers on the other hand are awesome 
yay! <propfemale> <propfemale> boller is here! but she stole my awesome new hat from <propfemale> 
happy new year! (yea i know i'm 40 minutes late posting this but i don't care haha)
i finally got around to a new status message  facebook games are way too addicting  lol
ugh i hate being sick  absolutely hate it  at least it should be gone tomorrow  i don't stay sick very long 
"ok, not sick anymore, but somehow i hurt my tailbone and i cant sit properly  ow"
"ok, i have a nagging suspicion that a broke my tailbone  not fun at all "
so i really did break my tailbone  went to the urgent care in pv yesterday and got an x-ray  i have a foam cushion to <propfemale> around now to sit on 
"so not only was my tailbone broken, i also had an infection that i got fixed at the er  but getting an infection drained has taken me out of school for a few days  still cant sit down  ugh  bedrest sucks "
"ok, so it wasnt a break i dont think  now it just seems to be that the cyst i had was extremely painful "
"life is good, make up work sucks, and facebook games are way too addicting  i really should get back to work    "
why are distractions so interesting when they are so bad for the health of your grades? i wish homework could be less boring 
"oh my god this day rules! my dad sent my sister and me a package and besides the phone and the camera i got, we both got laptops!!!"
choir concert nights are great  this year our women's choir completely blows last year's out of the water  we made my mom cry teehee!
i have one request of everyone: please do not send me farmville invites  i have never played that game and i never will  ever 
allergies suck  and i'm sure plenty of people would agree with me on that 
"i honestly have no idea what to put in my status right now, besides this lol  would this be called random babbling?"
this week felt looooonnnnggg 
"thanks to everyone for wishing me happy birthday  smile  and on another note, i'm getting surgery tomorrow apparently  getting my cyst entirely removed  only, we were just notified of this today  no warning at all  so my current state of mind is now a minor freak-out  o o"
relationships are complicated    but it seems there can be happy endings when parting
"to all my christian friends: we need your prayers  my dad's brother is in the icu in reno right now with kindney and liver failure, cirrhosis, liver cancer, and fluid in his lungs  he's been on a transplant list for a long time, but the doctors say he will die by sunday  i would like to ask you to pray for a miracle, but if that isn't what god wants then pray for my uncle's protection and love in heaven  amen "
"my uncle <propfirst> died early this morning  i would like to say he passed peacefully, but the truth is he was probably in a lot of pain  at least we know he's in heaven now  my dad heard thunder shaking his windows this morning, letting him know that his brother died  i'm praying for my dad's family, and for my aunt <propfemale>  she is extremely distressed now that the one she loved for so many years is gone "
"we got a cat!!!!!!!!!! his name is <propfirst>  our neighbor gave him to us cuz his roommates moved out and left <propfirst> behind  he is such a pretty black cat, especially after we attacked him with a bath this morning haha"
"schedule: 1)women's choir, kiesling 2)concepts in college math, peters 3) ap physics, bunnell 4) economics, <propfirst> 5) lunch 6) english, benson"
"we got a kitten!! her name is nyokee and she is the sweetest, most adorable calico kitten ever!"
our kitten has an unusual appetite for cottonballs    and whatever i happen to be eating too
i got a new phone! motorola backflip woohoo!
recruiting people for after school woodshop! 4-7 every school day  talk to mr   bockman if you want to join  taking the class for  the year gives three credits!
"6 more people needed for jted woodshop to continue  please sign up by friday or the course will be dropped  anyone can take this class, it doesn't matter if you have no e playful erience  completing the course is worth three credits!"
yay! woodshop won't be dropped!
sore throats fail  mine better go away soon or i'll   i'll    make empty threats at it til it does!
i officially despise every species of biting insect  especially mosquitoes  i feel like a walking buffet for those stupid bugs 
"i remember, like it was only just the other day, seeing my third grade teacher turning on the tv to show us the unbelievable collapse of two gigantic buildings  to my younger mind, that was enough to make me cry, imagining the deaths of all those poor people and the bravery of the firefighters, the police officers, the soldiers, and especially the survivors as they thought of people they knew breathing their last "
why is it that people these days ignore 'innocent until proven guilty' and go with 'guilty until proven innocent' just because of problems in their past?
"my sister comes up with the coolest outfits for spirit week, and i just throw something together at the last minute haha "
giants win the world series! yay!!!!!!
"happy thanksgiving everyone! i hope you all have plenty to be thankful for today, no matter how big or small it is "
black friday at a fabric store= chaos + long lines at a cutting table  and it's only 9 in the morning!
"it's finally snowing!!! my sister and i were just standing outside with our heads back, catching snowflakes on our tongues yum  laugh "
i got my permit!!  smile 
