b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07
goes all somber and patriotic every time she sees artwork or a video of serious hetalia works   annoyed  jeeze    
is bored  might as well go to home depot to get a big box that i need for my helmet  > >
thinks that <propfirst> needs to stfu because that freaking dr  who episode scared the everlovering shit out of me  > >
just saw transformers and has rekindled her love for bumblebee   love 
can't believe all of the celeb deaths this week  <propfirst> mays is dead too  o_0
agrees  fucking transformers energon!!!!!!
thinks that she needs to not think about fucking transformers energon and needs transformers animated instead   laugh dd
is so happy to have found her awesome friend cc on facebook   love  i now have a tfa <propmale>!
"someday, we'll find it; the rainbow connection  the lovers, the dreamers and me   love  ah, i love it when <propfirst> covers a song "
is watching silent hill 1 clips because she's obsessed now 
"thinks that \this is annoying \"" > > can't this shit wait until two weeks?!?"""
"just got her ap scores back! i got a 5, the highest teir!  laugh dd"
is preparing <propfirst>'s birthday gift  > smile 
is both excited and incredibly stressed about getting ready in time for afo 
wishes more people really listened to <propfirst> mraz's music  he has so many wonderful ideas in his songs 
loves silent hill ufo endings   laugh 
is watching the silent hill movie and laughing 
is currently extremely pissed off and sorta wishing people would just accept what other people like without being so ridiculous about it 
is on a very bad okami spree right now   love 
is obsessed with the jyu-oh-sei and beck: mongolian chop squad openings as well as the entire sountrack of okami  playing with ushiwaka = the best idea for a movement in a marching band show i have ever heard! dd:
hasn't had any time to do much of anything outside of band and summer reading  > > still kickin' on that okami craze though   
is in love with vocaloid   love  and thinks <propmale> is the coolest thing since sliced bread 
wants to go see ponyo tomorrow   annoyed 
"just found out that okami is getting a sequal: a ds sequal without amaterasu, but a sequal none the less  here's hoping it's as good as the first! (but clover's not at the head, so who knows )"
"just found out that okami is getting a sequal: a ds sequel without amaterasu, but a sequel none the less  here's hoping it's as good as the first! (but clover's not at the head, so who knows )"
wants to go see 9 at amc tomorrow because apparently carmike isn't showing it  > > anyone else wanna come with?
"is already excited for halloween and or homecoming week, even though it's still a month away   annoyed "
finally finished putting all four panels on the riding helmet to create pyramid head's rough helmet outline  now i can stalk around my house in style   wink 
is heading out on a halloween shopping excursion with arran and <propfirst>  i hope by the gods that i can find a butcher's smock somewhere   annoyed 
is now inwardly lol-ing at <propfirst>'s fail   playful 
"is really excited for halloween  now, if only i can finish the helmet and the knife before the weekend ends   annoyed "
"remember kids, \zydrate comes in a little glass vial  and that little glass vial goes into the gun like a battery \"" thanks a lot <propfirst>  > > i didn't need to be listening to repo songs all day but now look what i'm doing?"""
"competition today and i'm ready at least for the drive  four new repo! songs, all with graverobber  >: d"
one more step towards completion; the knives are almost done  > laugh 
is a little upset because she can't wear her halloween costume to school tomorrow   annoyed 
time change: i have more shit to do than i thought   laugh  so i'm requesting that everyone coming over to my house give me a call before they start heading out to leave  i forgot to go get repo so i've gotta go do that     > >
another change: party's starting at 4  it'll be when spengler and aru get off of work anyway and it'll be enough time for us to be ready over here  sorry 'bout that guys   annoyed 
"repo was a bust   annoyed  unless someone has a blockbuster card, we're going to be playing silent hill and finidng a movie to watch instead "
 laugh  <propfemale> just delivered my chinese food   laugh d
thinks sm needs to get it's head out of it's ass and just give up the money it owes  > > i'm holdin' out for the boys!
got <propmale> roll'd by <propfirst>'s today   annoyed 
is frustrated and annoyed and so sick of people right now 
"has been mostly awake since 3 in the morning on saturday and is still, somehow, not tired   laugh "
needs to know if anyone knows what to do for fun around here that doesn't involve being outside   annoyed 
picked up an epic jacket today from goodwill   laugh 
happy thanksgiving all~ (and happy birthday to <propfirst>   laugh  that's still the coolest thing i've heard in a while )
thinks that the blu spy is the best thing since the sandvich 
wants to know where everyone is tonight   annoyed  meebo is unusually quiet   
"is totally amazed  after putting the demoman's face over <propfirst>'s cardboard cutout, someone in another class left the message, \mr  <propfirst> is a spy!\"" on his white board   love  i want to meet this person now   laugh """
is now officially a spy   love 
just got back from the gym and got callbacks for the music man  it's been a good day   laugh 
needs to know what you people want for christmas! d: and if you can't think of anything then at least tell me something you really like so that i can get some ideas going!
"is praying that todays update will involve the long-awaited \meet the medic\"" trailer!"""
"is praying that today's update will involve the long-awaited \meet the medic\"" trailer!"""
is currently getting the free weekend version of tf2!  love 
"thinks that tf2 related christmas carols are, in fact, the shiz "
"just got back from seeing avatar, making pizza at halle's and watching the birdcage   laugh "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"got team fortress 2  if it works, don't e playful ect me to be online for the next week   laugh d"
found out that her computer will not in fact run tf2   annoyed  guess i'm gonna have to be a fandom addict for a little while longer 
"wants to know what would happen if we dragged someone from 1968 to our own time   laugh  cause the way this story i'm reading is going, it'd be hilarious "
is totally jealous that halle is watching district 9  > > such an epic movie   
"just walked in the door to my house from a nice long five day trip   laugh  i miss you metronites with a passion and wish you guys could've seen beale street and the game with me  speaking of the game, knight win hell yeah  thanks to <propfemale> and it's fans for such a great game  we promise to be a bit nicer to you next time   wink "
only wants to go to school for about ten minutes tomorrow to see her friends   annoyed 
"is currently laughing at \meet the crashes \""  laugh d i love that video   """
apparently my name peaked in 1968; the same year that tf2 is set in  coincidence? i think not!
had a freakin' awesome time with <propfirst> and <propfirst> and <propfirst> yesterday   love 
wants to go out walking but it's too bloody humid  > > wtf florida  wtf 
"finished some spanish, is now moving on to scholarship applications, took a nice, long bike ride and is gonna finally end up going to epcot either with halle or with the kyles for graduation  i feel mildly accomplished   laugh  time to work out    "
is in shock  i'm actually drawing something that i think might turn out semi-okay  wtf are these shenanigans?
got my first acceptance letter today  ^^
thinks there should be an official holiday where everyone is required to talk with an accent   annoyed 
is out of school sick today   annoyed  just need one day to recover  but i'll be at the guard thing tonight arran!
"didn't find out until she had driven around the school for like fifteen minutes, past all of the rotc nonsense that is going on there, that the guard changed their meet-up times  fml   laugh "
"had a hella good time at the guard thing last night  massive cupid shuffle, ftw "
is seriously pissed right now  > > i've decided i hate cliff-hangers  haaate  *seethes*
"just got to watch her dad do the flyby for the superbowl  fyi, my dad has the coolest job ever "
had her picture favorited by someone she doesn't know on deviantart  o_0 i'm actually kind of excited!
is in a really weird writing mood   annoyed 
"now really wants to read, \i have no mouth and i must scream \"" was written back in 1967 and i still want to read it  doesn't help that the most disturbing piece of fiction that i have ever seen come out of a fandom was based on said short story   """
is wondering where my muse went and why it came back and decided to be useful again   annoyed  all of a sudden this new voice i've been trying to use is    working!
"spent most of this past hour trying to figure out the notes for the \rocket jump waltz\"" piano arrangement  i'm never gonna get this left hand part   this needs to be a duet!"""
just got back from the gym  i feel better now   love 
"only recently realized that she's going to be 18 in about three days  march 2nd, ftw!"
"is incredibly proud of herself  i know some of my friends work with big sewing projects, but last night, i made myself a full face mask reminicent of the spy's  i gotta say    i'm really pleased with how it came out!"
needs to calm down   laugh 
needs to know if anyone has one of those toy revolvers   i can't find one anywhere 
is in an insanely good mood after this morning's loathing of class   laugh  i think tomorrow i'm gonna bring a tape measure to musical theater practice and take the measurements i need for my new mask while i'm waiting to go on stage 
"is totally watching the ghost hunters live event tonight at 9  whoo, i'll be doing homework at the same time!  laugh "
loves having tech savvy friends   love  i just recovered everything from my flash drive thanks to a friend of mine who deserves all of the gratitude in the world 
wants to watch beauty and the beast again   laugh 
is back from a long but thoroughly amazing weekend  *dreamy sigh* i really did meet some wonderful people this weekend and got to see all sorts of awesome  great to be back in my own bed last night though!  laugh 
is discovering the wonders of popsicle sticks  who knew they could be used to redesign a toy revolver into the ambassador? >: ]
is thrilled to have the day off of school today  maybe i'll be able to set some order back into my life   laugh 
"loves parodies  i will never stop listening to this song halle, thanks a lot!  laugh d"
loved that she has officially mind haxored <propfirst>'s mind   laugh dd allllways i wanna be with you~  laugh d
believes wholeheartedly that scout can sing better than ke$ha   laugh  it's amazing how much fun i'm having with this song 
"so the fam damnly says that my dress wasn't the ugliest thing on the planet  good to know!  laugh  back from the music man, whoot!"
    i hate medics  i hate them dead 
"some people i <propfemale> out with are the kind of people that i want to spend every hour of the day with because we have so much fun  with other people, sometimes i feel like i'm just the stand-in "
thinks she's getting sick  d: all of a sudden i got really warm and my head feels like it's stuffed with cotton  and all with only a day before spring break  fml 
so the guy that did the old spice commercials was just on an interview with oprah   laugh d
happy easter everyone  i wish upon you the maximum possible amount of chocolate and sugary candies!
thinks halle has 'teh 1337 hax' because she showed me how to fix my computer!  laugh 
"is excited to be heading out with halle and crew to the fair tomorrow  i'm really hoping to find a decent hat there  c'mon <propmale> county, don't fail me now!"
went to the fair  rode only in the blue seats on the rides  oh yeah 
"off to the beach with the kyles  as much as i hate bathing suit season, i'm excited!  laugh "
has so many things to do and yet has no <propfemale> to do any of them  guess that means i'm going to the gym   laugh 
"went to st  <propfirst>, came home to watch a bit of a ustream, went to dinner, went to relay for life, went to go see how to train your dragon again and then came home to new cuanta <propfemale> <propfemale>  yesterday was pretty much awesome "
"is gonna be headed to grad bash later  maaan, a day with the kyles + mountain dew =      i'm not even sure yet   laugh "
"kytri is selling t-shirts omg! also, new <propfemale> of cv!"
"just watched the new rvb episode    church scared the everloving crap out of me with that whole, \washington!\"" thing    """
mgm = best anti-prom ever  nuff said 
"ap lit exam today  good luck to everyone else joining me in that!  laugh  frankly, i'm terrified "
is going to la nop tonight  anyone wanna join me?
thinks its too nice of a day to be stuck in home all day  i wanna go on a walk    
"wants to go to avenues mall today, for some reason   annoyed "
"is watching kytri's ustream  apparently, last week someone came up with the phrase \jarate lounge\"" to describe the bathroom       i want a sign    """
is sick of having to do things  can't i get a day where everything is done and i get to decide for myself what is important?
"has a doctor's appointment today   playful  i think the scout said this best; \i hate doctas!\"" \",b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,"just killed about three hours devouring chasing fire  not done yet, but i will die if mockingjay does not come out soon "
is it epcot time yet?! d:
"wants to know why, when i check facebook religiously for days nothing happens but when i'm off for a couple of hours, all of a sudden stuff goes down? what the heck is that?"
considering a bike ride  hm    
"today was a good day  very productive     a triumph, you might say  > smile "
"had an absolutely fantastic time making amazing memories with halle, b  and m while screwing around epcot, having pool (poo') parties, riding bumper boats (and cars) and ultimately being downright awesome  we'll miss you guys and can't wait to see you at the next con! and by the way, we never did work on the a million ways dance   laugh "
has good music on her ipod now! thanks halle for the awesome songs   laugh  mr  blue sky is currently playing on repeat 
suddenly remembers why she hated ie  > > but at least i've got my computer back 
"hey you with the pretty face\welcome to the human race\a celebration, mister blue sky's up there waitin'\and today is the day we've waited for   love "
"so despite the fact that i didn't go anywhere or have anyone call me to do stuff today, it was a productive day  finished my math placement exam for ucf, devoured a good chunk of \the gargoyle\"" and worked on my balaclava finally  ^^ now it's off to the banquet """
"has \welcome to the jungle\"" and \""don't stop me now\"" stuck in her head like whoa  i love all of this music so much  it's sooo much better than what comes outta the speakers nowadays """
so halle bought bioshock today and we started playing    we may not be working on our cosplays for another few days   laugh 
"just started reading house of leaves  i've gotta say, i'm only about 28 pages in but this book is already starting to make me a little twitchy    "
wants to know why we don't have something like eurovision here in the us  they look like they have so much fun    
"is rereading cuanta <propfemale>  d'aww <propfirst>, you're so cute  and i always knew i missed the old red spy, but i didn't quite know how much until just now  t t"
"as frustrating as this day has been, i'm so glad i went to school  thanks to <propfemale>, <propfemale> and halle for making an otherwise horrendous day awesome again!"
what  whaaat  kytri put more stuff on her shop including buttons one of which has <propfemale> on it  oh my god  i want it so bad it's not even funny!
"ohhhh lawd  i know it's too early in the morning when i start trying to sing mr  blue sky and instead start singing, \hey there mr  blu spy \""  laugh """
"kytri's streaming tonight, omg!!!"
"ahahah, kytri's comic update ustream is playing tenacious d  i forgot how much i loved them   laugh d"
"is no longer a student at fleming island high  hello oppertunity, hug me back; it's time that you and i met "
"had an awesome time this weekend hanging out with all of her friends  thank you guy so much for all of the fun times; even with all of the hell that we had to deal with, i'm so glad you guys were there!  love "
"so i leave for one day and of course, the tf2 blog updates  team fortress 2 is officially on for the <propmale>  it's a free play weekend  and the game is 50% off online  \\and i'm stuck in <propmale>  what is this?"
just got back from orientation  thank god   laugh 
just got chased home by a <propfemale>  like legitimately  it chased me down the street leading into my neighborhood  i hate bees  ><
new <propfemale> new <propfemale> new <propfemale> new <propfemale>!!!
"just saw one of the trailers for portal 2  oh man, i won't ever stop \loving valve's top notch animating style  and there's no shortage in \great dialogue either  \i think we can put the past behind us  for \",b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,"feels somewhat accomplished  the huntsman is all put together and lookin' sharp, we've got a full tf2 group following us to metro now, and tomorrow is gonna end up being another work day for the ambassador  let's do this!"
"had her night improved by the new enigmaevocative video  touch your gun   laugh d dear lord, i didn't know i could laugh that hard!"
has a smoothie for breakfast   love  good feelings all around!
"saw lithe-fider's beta blu spy and is honestly contemplating how to make a pair of pinstriped pants  d: well, that and if resin casting a butterfly knife is a good idea if you've never done it before!  laugh "
oh tf2chan  you never cease to crack me up 
"toy story 3, the pool and now kytri's ustreaming  today was a good day "
"come away, come away from all these things unheard  if a chosen word has you concerned, then it's a lesson learned  - <propfirst> mraz, hey love"
so  just saw the transformers: war for cybertron e3 trailer      it's worth it  holy crap it looks fantastic!
just got back from an epic gym trip  thanks halle; you're the only person in the entire world that could keep me on that machine for more than an hour without noticing it!  laugh  and make me feel ten times better in the process!
thinks having this much fun should be illegal  we've got four weeks to metrocon  let's do this  > smile 
"oh man, kytri's ustreaming again! o_0"
"ustream, goin' up  heeeya!"
i think red is sweet
converting to red in 5     4      3      2      1
"<propfirst>'s been hacking my facebook  if you see anything about me being a damned, dirty red, it's all him and it's a lie  just like cake "
i am purple      all shall fear the midle corororrr
"so i'm trying to get something out of the fridge for lunch and the butter dish flies out of the side of the door, tries to attack me and shatters into a bazillion pieces on the floor  i think my house is haunted   laugh "
just finished there will be brawl  is it bad that i laughed at the end?  laugh  <propfirst> = miyamoto!
"valve, this is why i love you  new comic out on the tf2 blog  engineer update comic  excuse me while i <propfemale> over this newly developed awesome "
"i'm the only person i know that can break glasses while sewing  i mean, jeeze   "
just found someone who has drawn out the engraving of the ambassador  ilu deviantart  ilu 
"thanks a lot guys, for the awesome party tonight  today was a good day and i'm so glad i got to spend it with all of you  ~ love  happy 4th of july and i can't wait until the 23rd!"
alright  yeah  i'm okay with life right now   smile  petty jabs and comments included 
internet's out over here until thursday  i'm on mom's iphone just to check updates for a bit  text or call me if you need to get ahold of me  i'm gonna be bored for a while   laugh 
"whoo, internet's back!"
"is totally and utterly in love with <propfemale>'s \good ole fashioned lover boy \""  love """
whooo   gotta love people who judge by stereotype  way to go internet!
"just spent the last few hours sewing pinstripes onto a pair of pants and i'm not even halfway done yet  i gotta say, this is one of the most tedious things i have ever attempted  to you sewing gurus out there, i don't know how you do it "
thanks a lot halle   laugh  that song electric worry is stuck in my head now  epic~
"so i'm really, really enjoying soul eater   love "
is currently in some undisclosed location in <propfemale> at a random holiday inn  i honestly have no idea where i am right now     laugh 
now knows where she is! she's in macon      makin' bacon   wink 
going shopping today at blue ridge  got a few things i'm hoping to find but it should be a nice little trip  then back to the cabin to finish up the pinstripes!
found a cigarette case that i can use as a prop and finally finished all of the pinstripes on the first pant leg   laugh  today was a good day!
this is the worst day ever  the new cv update is literally making me cry  t t i just wanna lay in bed all day and sleep 
was almost done with the pinstripes before i realized i didn't have enough thread  fml   annoyed 
can't stop watching soul eater!  laugh 
"is finally home  ah, it's good to be back   love "
"so lord death is voiced by the same guy who did the elder in chrono crusade, <propfirst> swasey  i knew i knew that voice   laugh "
soul eater! *_* this show is going to eat my life  i love it   love it so much  i've never enjoyed watching something this much before 
thinks a certain pink-haired meister needs a serious dose of tlc  t t poor crona   
had the greatest time at metro this year  it was so much fun meeting all of the wonderful people there and getting to see some old friends   laugh  congrats to b  and m  for their win! you guys totally deserved it!
"oh lawd, why am i in such a good mood? i don't even know  it must be from all of the amazing people we met this weekend who continue to be even more amazing   love "
oh god what? cuanta <propfemale> updated again?!!!!!
just finished drafting probably the cutest freaking doll pattern i've ever seen  i'm super excited to start using this one!
found the absolute cutest fabric at <propfemale> <propfemale>'s today and intends to make a purse with it  who needs designer purses that reach into the hundreds? mine's gonna have waka on it  > smile 
news for all metronites; the marker on my back finally came off   laugh 
"if i can ever make someone react to my writing as much as i have while reading this fic, i might be satisfied with my life  gotta love someone who can tell a good story "
"the one word that can get any men to stop arguing and listen; bacon  oh spy, you're so smart   laugh "
"just got back from universal   my head is still kinda reeling from the sheer amount of awesome that was the <propmale> potter ride  that and i think we went on almost every coaster at least once, so i'm still kinda feeling like i'm doing flips  anyway, it was a fun and wonderful adventure with halle and the kyles  let's do it again sometime!"
so i'm thinking about going to see <propfirst> pilgrim tomorrow  anyone wanna join me?
should not be allowed on the internet  why is it so easy for me to fall into fandoms?! d: great  now i'm looking at reddish orange wigs on ebay  t t
"why is it that every time i'm trying to read house of leaves, someone interrupts me? it's dense enough without me loosing my place every five minutes!  laugh "
"deviantart just gave me at least six or seven pictures of crossovers of my two current fandoms  i'm good for life now, kthanx "
"so i came home from college shopping to find a new computer sitting on my chair  with a better graphics card  and a keyboard that actually has a \p\"" key  it runs like the wind  i am pleased   love """
"is in a pretty good mood  just checked over my schedule again and realized that it's not as crazy as i thought  new computer, good friends, and a plan  let's do this!"
"about to shut off this goliath and head out  <propmale>, ho! and as <propfirst> once infamously put it, \that's my set! peace out!\""  laugh """
finally got internet here at the dorm   laugh  i'm a happy girl 
double rainbow at band today  it was amazing   laugh  even the direction made a comment about it 
\but little by little, as you left \b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,is officially a ucf marching knight  who are we? marching kniiiiiiiiights! and where are we from? u-c-f! go knights!
band camp is officially over! thanks to all of the trombones who decided not to tell us the schedule was wrong and in fact made it the best surprise of the week!  laugh 
"oooh, kytri is ustreaming tonight  ^^"
had an awesome time at dinner with the trombones and our assorted entourage   laugh  this section can't possibly get any better 
first day of classes tomorrow  i hope it goes well   laugh 
really wants to write something but is having trouble starting it  d: halle  i need your opinion on something <propmale> would do kthnx!
"had another awesome time with the trombone section  seriously, i don't think anyone in the band is as cool as they are  you guys really helped the transition into college for me, like more then you'll ever know   love  go bones!"
"got an idea for <propfemale>'s story and i gotta say, if i can pull it off, it's gonna be pretty wicked   laugh "
"tf2 for a bit this morning (still wish i could play spy  d: ), gym here in a few, a fifteen or twenty minute cheer session with the band and a trombone party tonight  all in all, not a bad day   laugh "
kytri's streaming and i honestly am more excited about the fact that halle posted  this is awesome   laugh dd
"so i need a lab coat for chemistry and i was about a second away from asking if i could just wear a medic coat and be done with it  because really, how cool would that be?  laugh "
"is in love with choo choo ch'boogie  like for real, i wouldn't have found this song without my survey of rock music class and it's so amazing   laugh "
whoo! highlander mix-up match in about half an hour!  laugh  i'm excited to watch valve get owned by the pros and pubbers  this should be fuuuun~
game daaaaay~ i know it's only south <propfemale> but let's go knights! so freaking excited   
"'s first game as a ucf marching knight was a success  <propfirst>'s here, halle's coming down tomorrow; this weekend just keeps getting better   love "
"sometimes, leaving an insult alone for the irony is so much more satisfying then making an actual comeback   laugh "
i wish i could draw a bit better  i have an entire scout-centric story music video collab thing that i wish i could draw out because it's been stuck in my head for ages  fffff-
"so i'm thinking about halloween (yes already) and i'm debating between a <propmale>, a smoker, a witch or a splicer  the ones i want to do most are the witch or a splicer  any ideas guys?"
"kytri's new comic featuring gabry and liam just launched  oh <propfemale>, it's so good to see you back! ;_;"
"if there is one thing that i hate more then this doing this online chemistry stuff, it's doing it on a slow connection  *raaaaage*"
"oh valve  i see what you did there  sticking that heavy figure on <propfirst>'s desk in the comic  sneaky, sneaky "
"well, that's it  my phone has officially gone completely nuts  when i slide it open, the screen goes completely black  meanwhile, if i close it, i can see the screen   annoyed  i loathe this stupid thing    "
"an entire day of math    at least i only have one problem left now, but i gotta ask about that stupid thing tomorrow "
"drawing again  it's a bittersweet feeling  on one hand, it's fun and relaxing and i really enjoy it  on the other hand, it reminds me of why i write more then i draw   laugh "
"i've determined the one thing that will always make me laugh, even when i scowling at math homework; listening to the domination lines of solly, engie, demo and scout   laugh  oh god, i'm dying "
"the screen on my phone is now perpetually black  i can't read texts anymore or even know who is calling me  or even if i missed a call  if you need to get ahold of me, send me a message on facebook and i'll get it eventually   annoyed "
"you never forget your first doctor \\alright maddi  alright <propfirst>  you win  doctor who is amazing   laugh  just got back from an all day who marathon with some awesome marching knight buddies and we went through the entire season with the 9th doctor  gotta say, i really dug it "
i knew i'd like ten   love  on to episode twoooo~
"i really should go to the library more; i'm more productive there for some reason, and much less tempted to pull up another episode of doctor who "
i officially love my survey of rock class  my teacher is amazing  i couldn't pick a topic for my final paper so i went to him for help  i walked out of the class with instructions to listen to quadrophenia and <propfirst> by the who and to watch <propfirst> if i could get my hands on it  i'm so excited to write this paper   love 
"even though the chem lab went long again today, it was just a lot of waiting around; got to know some of my group better and it turns out one of them is a huge super junior girls' generation fan, so we spent some time talking about japanese korean dramas and bands   laugh  and then i find out that <propfirst> got tf2! today is a good day!"
"oh my god   laugh d they put elo's \mr  blue sky\"" in this doctor who episode  i'm in love~"""
<propfirst> is coming out with a new album tomorrow  be still my heart~!  love 
"tried my hand at crafting today  got your eternal reward  > smile  now, if only i had time to use it   "
studying for that chem test  i'm a bit worried because it's all coming fairly well to me    means that something's gonna be on that test that i honestly won't know   playful 
heading home like now   laugh  i'm packing to get home to jacksonville! brb in like two and a half hours!
finally home  it's so weird here  o_0
found my 7th and 8th chrono crusade books as i left the house yesterday  *_* it's a good series when i can open up to the last few pages of the 8th book and immediately begin to cry 
"tonight has just been further proof that i have the coolest, most amazing friends in the history of ever  case closed "
"well, that chem test went better then it did the first time  at least i finished  ^^"
you know what's boring? calculus   annoyed  at least i'm understanding these problems in the book    
"got a <propmale> to wear my new <propfemale> shoes and they didn't hurt my feet! now some chem lab, calc review at two and grocery shopping later  not a bad day "
"fff hell yes! i just got the results back for my second chem test  95, whoot!  laugh  and i went to a calc review today, so hopefully i'll do good tomorrow too   laugh "
"so i'm going through the test i just took in calc    and i've realized that i hate it even more because it's online  if someone had been grading it and saw the work i did, i would have gotten partial credit on everything i got wrong in the system  *sigh* oh well "
the best way to start a morning you had to get up wicked early for? a nice half hour of the doctor to make everything better   laugh 
"<propmale> horror was amazing, for those who care  in the same night, they made both a joke about megacon and catgirls and used doctor who in a callback  made  my  life   laugh "
"bah, saying goodbye is always the hardest part  still, a petticoat, a <propmale> horror show and six hours on skype later, this weekend was beyond amazing  best of all, it reminded me how many people and how much love i have in my life  even after all of the people that faded out of my life  i'm blessed  i'm so, so blessed  i love and miss all of you   love "
doing some research = watching a movie  i love my survey of rock class   laugh 
tf2 halloween update? yes please   love 
"so my phone is acting up again, really bad this time  anyone needs to get ahold of me, i'll be on facebook most of tonight   annoyed "
happy halloween everyone! i hope everyone has more to do then i do   laugh 
"did some research on quad and <propfirst> for my paper, have an outline for the presentation, did my final <propfemale> service learning class, started drawing a picture of cellix that i'm actually sorta kinda pleased with, spent 40 minutes on ddr, am caught up in all of my work and realized that i've smiled and laughed more at the littlest things since i got here  i think today was a good day   love "
"just finished midnight from doctor who   and all i can say is the preview for the next few episodes is like, \whuuut?\"""""
ah winter  you have finally come and you bring with you the nostalgia of an age  ~ love  cold weather always encourages my creative spirit 
"first i get out of lab really early and now band gets out at 7:45? this may very well be the best day this week   laugh  not only that, i get to wear pants to band and not die whooo!"
so i wanna go thrifting today but i have no one to go with  t t
"chemistry got canceled this morning, i <propmale> out with some friends from that class and i know what i'm doing for christmas presents for all of my besties   love  today is going to be a good day!"
it's amazing how much we take for granted  beauty is such a powerful thing  and i never noticed how beautiful a flag could be   love 
"happy veteran's day, to all of those that have served, will serve and are serving  \\we are blessed to have you all \\http annoyed  fc06 deviantart net fs70 f 2010 314 c 1 remembrance_day_stamp_by_taytaym2-d32kpzn png"
"just got back from spending about an hour and a half in <propfemale>'s  got some felt, lace and ribbon to finish up <propfemale> and then start on little russia~"
so i have a little <propfemale> singing on my computer desktop  my life has been made   love   laugh 
it's official; no band practice next wednesday! i'm goin' home!
has the horribly crippling <propfemale> to go to st  <propfirst>! d: curse you st  <propfirst> street and your wonderful awesomeness  t t
"good luck to eagle band one! at state today! i know you guys are gonna freakin' kill 'em!  love  also, have a little of the tropicana bowl lemonade for me; it's quite possibly the most delicious thing on the planet "
"as pointless as today's performance was, i'm glad we did because it led to an entire day of hanging out with the trombones   wink "
"thank god for all of my new music  if i didn't have it, i wouldn't have survived today  @_@ marukaite chikyuu    "
thanks to <propmale> gifford for inviting me to that music forum; it made that calculus test so much better 
"so if an entire class fails a test, doesn't that indicate that something about the style of teaching isn't working? because apparently my calc teacher thinks it's our fault  *sigh* today has been pretty awful because of that class, but i don't know what to do except keep moving forward "
"well, my paper is printed out and completed  9 pages later and i've still got a ton of studying to do  oi   laugh  at least i've still got my music  it's the only thing that's kept my spirits so high   love "
i love my section  just saying   love 
"let's go knights! no one can stop us  you know why?\\cause we're a force-a-nature "
and the knights are headed to the <propfemale> bowl! it's a great week for the ucf nation!
"alright, game day over  time to get down to work for finals  so far, so good "
studying for survey of rock with halle friedman  this is probably the best kind of studying ever 
"despite all of the finals despair, this had to be a really, really spectacular day  i spent most of it studying with halle and then i found out i'm gonna be able to make a very special trip reunion with the metronites  i'm so blessed to have such amazing friends   love  love you all "
1 3 finals = done  who's next? > smile 
so hungry  <propfemale> lazy  what a dilemma 
so i feel like a scientist guys  i wanted pancakes this morning so i started throwing everything in a bowl and got the egg and the mix into the bowl before i realized we had no milk  so what did i do? i e playful erimented and somehow the pancakes came out just like they usually do   laugh  good start to the morning i'd say 
only one more exam until my semester ends~! too bad that last one is calculus   laugh  -stressstressstress-
"so the honors college has a writing contest going on and one of the categories is fiction and another is poetry  does   does anyone think it would be a good idea to submit that little thing i wrote the other day, just for kicks? is it accessible enough for people who don't know what it's about? and is it poetry or prose? o_0 i dunno, i just thought it might be kinda cool to actually enter a writing contest   "
"best song to listen to before going to take a calculus exam? \make it mine\"" by <propfirst> mraz   love  time to go show this test exactly what i'm made of!"""
so the book i rented can't be returned today because the store is closed  > > guess i'm going home tomorrow    
"i just had a huge slice of home made pumpkin bread  oh yeah, i'm home   love "
is headed to the gym if any of the local crew wants to join me 
"good news - i totally passed calculus and my gpa is still in tact \\bad news - i'm getting sick  > >\\best news - metronite party   take over of busch gardens is in 10 days  >: d"
"to my skype crew: it looks like skype is having an issue today and mine's not wanting to work  so if ya'll need to get ahold of me, today it's gonna have to be aim or fb   annoyed "
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!  laugh  i'll be celebrating mine a day later, but i hope everyone has a good rest of the week what with leftovers and messing with new gadgets  i personally will be jamming to muchacha kiss kiss bang  because i'm that bloody festive   laugh "
holy crap  holycrapholycrapholycrap metronites  it's tomorrow  tomorrow  what is this i don't even  i don't know how i'm sitting still long enough to type this  so excited   love 
"spent the entire day cutting out fabric pieces, playing ddr and guess who, and making up choreography to muchacha kiss kiss bang with two of my best friends   love  today was a wonderful day "
that's it  exactly half of muchacha kiss kiss bang is choreographed  there are no words to describe how excited i am   love 33
"back at the dorm and back to the grind  i miss my family, my team and my spain so badly already! t t"
i love that i have one monday class and it ends at 10:20   love 
"good news: my calculus class looks very, very promising this semester and i got to see some wonderful okamiden footage today   love \\bad news: said footage also contained clips of the little mini waka character kurow  he speaks with like a surfer valley girl poland accent! d: i miss the french gaiz "
"dors, <propfemale> mal est passé et tu entres dans la danse\<propfemale> pire de côté, <propfemale> revende en cadence~ \\thank you devian<propfemale>rt for the glorious song   love "
"\how do i feel at the end of the day? (are you sad because you're on your own?) no i get by with a little help from my friends \""\",b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,"after an amazing weekend, it's back to logarithms and psychology texts   annoyed  but at least i have a reason to celebrate  happy birthday to gil~!"
found a 50% off coupon for <propfemale>'s in my inbox today  i have my plans for later~
o-town is about to get owned by this storm   
"it's been a long, long, long time since i took a couple hours to work on a picture and finish it  it's a nice change   love "
"this morning i walked out of chemistry in a huge slump about my major: not knowing if it was the right one for me or if i was just doing it because i could, not because i wanted to  i just walked out of my forensics class after we had the lead detective of the homicide unit speak today and i can happily say that i've forgotten all of those earlier worries   love "
"chemistry done, math taken care of  i guess it's time to hit the gym   laugh "
boring day is boring  so what do i do? i have to of course st<propmale> on a long <propmale> endeavor that includes sewing and painting  what am i gonna do with me?
"i should be working on a chemistry lab  what am i doing? researching the battle of garigliano  and i haven't had a formal history class in a year \\i adore this fandom   love "
congrats to my brother for his 1st runner up in poetry out loud! i haven't seen the video yet but i keep hearing how awesome it was  good goin' dan~!
"so we had a csa come to our forensics class today to talk to us about what she does  not only was i fairly certain that she was exactly like me at my age, but i also got to see some   graphic images of on-the-job cases  and i can honestly say that zombie video games are doing dead people justice  i know i've seen some of those people in left 4 dead  > >"
"if you guys haven't had a <propmale> to read the newest tf2 update on the blog, go check it out   laugh  i was dying a little at the scout dialogue "
"you know, it may seem silly how much inspiration i can draw from one person's casual little blog  it's not  thank you <propfirst>, for snapping a new focus on my camera lens called perception   love "
"i don't wanna hear a damn word from people about my fandom: i just took a quiz in forensics after at least half of the class read the wrong chapter, myself included, and i got one of the questions right because i knew the chinese empire went back further than 3,000 years  damn straight "
"the bad - i got soaked on the way to class and had to sit for two hours in calc ii as a shivering little ball \\the good - i am now enjoying hot tea and pierogis   love "
super jealous that <propfirst> o'donnell and <propmale> conway are going to epcot today  t t
anyone got any ideas on what to do around here? i'm so bored and i don't want to sit at home all day   
hey orange park peeps  guess who is sitting in her room here on fleming island right now?  laugh 
"dear little shitheads in the <propfemale> teal car driving around black creek that thought it was funny to yell 'ugly bitch' at me as i was walking home,\\what's with all the spiteful hatred? if you had wanted to know the secret of why i'm so awesome, you could have just asked   love \\love, <propfemale> "
eff being all mushy and sappy for <propfirst>'s day man  i've got the best <propfirst>s ever   love  can't touch this 
"paint it, white is available for download? yessss!"
"so we had a three hour discussion on guns in my forensics class and all i could think about was how excited <propmale> blumenberg and <propfirst> roach would have been  yes <propfirst>, he did have a deagle and yes, it was beautiful "
"up until now, i've never had a bad chemistry teacher and i always wondered why people hated it so much  \you'll understand soon enough \"" they said \",b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,"pulled out a random cd in my car and \with a little help from my friends\"" came on  just a great way to finish off an amazing weekend with the people that make everything i do worth it   love  love and miss you guys already!"""
swing dancing is hard to choreograph when you don't have a partner   annoyed 
"first few pins are in the <propfemale> jacket  i'll be sewing tomorrow  *crosses fingers* if i end up not completely failing at life, i'll get most of the frame of it done tomorrow afternoon \\gaiz, i can be real cosplayer nao?  laugh ddd"
"so yeeeeah, about that whole sewing thing? guess who doesn't have bobbins or even matching thread? this gal  so halle, brit, i guess we're just duel wielding sewing machines next time we meet up "
"i may just have to get <propfemale> vs  capcom 3 now  i've been reading up on amaterasu's involvement and it looks like capcom did their homework  plus, there's a dance-remix of \the sun rises\"" so   ya know """
i have this absolutely agonizing craving for chocolate right now  > >
ucf peeps: apparently we're getting a crepe and gelato shop in wackadoo's  i  am  so  excited 
so i guess i'm heading to swing knights tonight if anyone decides they want to join me   laugh  i have no idea what to e playful ect but it could be fun    
"so swing? lots and lots of fun   love 33 i wish i could do what some of the people there were doing, but at least now i feel like i have a bit more of a grip on the style  we're gonna do this dance halle  it will be more awesome than prussia "
tomorrow  you know what tomorrow is going to be? tomorrow is a coffee shop day  i'm going to check out this little one that sells boba tea because i'm desperately craving a milk tea right now   love 
"my bestie is officially going to be interning at a gorgeous hotel about 40 minutes away from where i am currently sitting  and that's if you drive the actual speed limits, haha  i'm grinning flailing yelling like an all-too-proud soccer mom but i don't really care \\this is like the greatest birthday week ever  midterms and all   love  congrats halle, you totally deserve it "
"it's approximately 8:45 in the morning, i have a huge forensics exam tonight, a lab today, three homework assignments, classes all day, it's my birthday and i'm wearing sunglasses  hit it \\or as <propfirst> o'donnell would say, \let's do this birds!\"""""
so that forensics essay i had to write? i shouldn't have even worried  i spent half of the paper shamelessly bashing csi and i worked in a reference to the who  so yeah  pretty pleased with how that went   laugh 
"i may still have a backlog of math work to do, but with this last assignment, i am finally free to start my spring break! and how will i ring in this joyous occasion? why, by playing okami until dinnertime and or swing of course!  laugh "
"so only a few hours of work and the first piece that i have ever entirely sewn (besides my balaclava) is three pieces away from being done  i won't lie, i'm incredibly excited   love  <propfemale> jacket will probably be done before the end of spring break~!\\i also got to spend most of the day with halle watching death note so   ya know  nostalgia and fun times   love "
can sleeves just go die in a hole? seriously? i've had to redo the damn things three times without any sign of success  > >
"so uh, there's apparently a chrono crusade novel out in japan  what \\and no one has translated it yet?! it came out in 2004! t t"
"so this is why i'm glad facebook exists  i hadn't heard about the quake tsunami until i saw posts on here about it  thoughts and prayers for all of the people affected by this disaster, guys  i've already heard about a few countries gearing up to send aid over "
"i'm so sick and tired of people and their ill-informed \humor\"" about people who are different than they are  seriously  grow the heck up and don't look down on me because of something i like   annoyed """
my week can't decide if it wants to be amazing or awful 
"sewing lesson in the costume lab  can't fit the piece i'm working on in a bag without crumpling it  have to walk halfway across campus carrying a giant blue monstrosity while dodging the stares \\      \\challenge accepted "
"so the more i play okamiden, the more i feel like i'm just playing it because i miss the first one   laugh "
"today: franken <propfirst> arrives \tomorrow: halle friedman arrives \the rest of the weekend: one massive puppypile movie watching cosplay working love fest \\oh yeah  i'm so glad that i'm done with all of my homework because nothing productive is getting done   laugh "
"the best thing about doubt, the best thing about sadness, the best thing about pain     is that when you finally get over it, it's easy to remember how much you really do love the world   love "
there's no better wake-up call than a little bit of <propfirst> in the morning   love 
alright  i just stood in front of the mirror and said it  <propfemale> is done  i'm pretty much vaguely packed  i can say i'm ready for megacon  bring it!
"i have discovered one way to pass the time till megacon    \\     gee gee gee gee baby baby    "
"so day of megacon, i'm already worried enough as it is about my jacket because i hope it looks decent and what does my tumblr do? it floods my feeds with these ridiculously good cosplayers  <propfemale> cosplayers  thanks tumblr  i owe ya one  > >"
just got done spending entirely too short of a time with people who are precious to me  thank you guys for a wonderful weekend  p s  i miss my btt already 
post-con blues have set in with a vengeance  i'm glad halle and i have a list of one-shot drabbles to write; i need some kind of outlet   playful 
"ucf peeps, i've got a question for you: i got the email about the severe weather storm, but nothing about what should happen if you've got a class now later tonight  anyone heard anything on that?"
"wait, wait, so i have to walk to class in rain, thunder and lightning? \\screw you ucf  screw you "
"the best place to spend april fool's day? on capitalia, f5ing the shit out of kitayume  i love life right now guys  *_*"
"so my vote for the big players this year in eurovision? italy and germany  <propfemale> won last year, yes, but this song is just   unnnf  and italy's song makes me so happy  *_*"
guys  i am so bored today  i need some ideas  anyone have any ideas for some artsy craft things i can work on?
it's one of  those  moods again  i always know it's here because i can't find a song to believe in  i really wish things would stop being so heavy so i can go back to remembering what i'm supposed to be doing here 
"guys, gakuen hetalia's opening and ending themes are out and they are so bloody adorable   love "
"if you're upset and lost, don't worry about breaking my heart  just hurry, hurry and give some pain to me  we can divide it up all even and surround it all with love  and that's how we'll get by: on love and love alone   love "
"so yeah  black butler  i kinda sorta dig it   love  and i'm even starting to like ciel, which is saying something because he was really annoying at first  but he's a manipulative little brat he is, and the interaction between him and <propmale> is just wonderful "
"what kind of chemistry lab class makes you write a paper instead of a lab report? i tested out of english guys and even though i'm not happy about it, i don't want to be writing a paper on chemistry "
i forgot how stimulating game soundtracks are and how much harder they make me work  *_* thank you shadow of the colossus and okami for having amazing music 
back in op for the weekend  forgot how laggy the internet here is   laugh 
"i haven't been able to write recently  the solution? went to research some stuff on the <propmale> occupation of <propfemale>  eventually found out that during the reign of <propmale> in <propfemale>, prussia was badly beaten back and effectively became a french satellite state  \\i may be able to write something now "
"this week is absolutely going to suck  thankfully i've got the greatest friends ever  when this horrid week is over, when four finals are complete, i will be able to relax with my btt and the new okami artbook that my ucf peeps were kind enough to get me   love  i'm so blessed!"
"alright math and psych finals, you and i are going to have a long, not-so-friendly talk      "
"don't you hate it when you go in, take a final, really don't have any particular difficulty with it, get up to go and realize that all of the smart people are still working on their tests? yeah, me too   laugh "
the best nights? the best nights are when i stay up until two in the morning talking about absolutely everything and absolutely nothing with the people i love   love 
\i hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean  whenever one door closes, i hope one more opens  promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance  and when you get the choice to sit it out or to dance    \b9d18adc2e274cf0110f6a2157f49d07,"one more final to go  currently studying to the song, \falling in love at a coffee shop \"" i'm insanely jealous of you people who are done with finals; this makes me wanna go to natura or something to get a milk tea """
"i'm    wow  god, wow, i'm done with my first year of college  when the heck did that happen?"
"btt weekend? a success beyond anything i could have possibly hoped for  first day of work? pretty awesome  i even got to wait my own table! back into work at 10 smile 0 tomorrow, but maybe i'll earn more than a 5 dollar tip this time   love "
back home for like   two hours  then i'm going back into work again  and i'm already feeling so scatterbrained and unsure about everything  i don't know how i'll handle the dinner crowd  i guess we'll see 
