622104537e14c15bb45ca9d726bd1767
is back and has many stories to tell
is going to write 8 pages of an english paper tonight while listening to awesome music! but he must keep the story serious through most of it   damn 
is listening to 1990s albums kicks and cookies
can stay up as late as he wants [insert insane laugh here]
just started playing fear  here's hoping i don't scream at any points during the game 
has yet to find his cellphone   sad 
stumbled upon the shebeats today  their music is amazing! but it doesn't exist for purchase anywhere!!
wants to thank <propmale> for helping ascertain some wonderful music 
is angry at norton!
"is in sweden, making friends"
just got a very swedish haircut
"has had a boring few days and wants to return  however, he did get to eat some blood pudding  mmmmm    pig's blood and flour "
"has had an exciting few days  went to a party, went to a concert, went fishing and caught a nice ?5kg bass  and ate more pudding along with some leverpastej (look it up) sandwiches! yum!"
is wearing orange socks!!
is in the states once more  must get to work on good script writing once more   err   for once 
"saw movits! on tv  now must listen to all their music, cuz that was fucking amazing lol"
is barely sleepy at all  maybe should be making the shut-eye before five o'clock in future   
got cellphone back (same number) got schedule (stressed out) got shit to do (prolly not gonna get it done)
is crapping pickup trucks in his mind 
is traversing the rainbow river in a boat made of shining toadstools  all while in the comfort of his own bed 
"watched ponyo  nice movie  watch it if <propfemale> a fan of hayao miyazaki and your inner child isn't dead  go with a friend or two, though "
"went on another music hunt  came up with a good one this time, and the singer looks like <propmale> <propfemale>  nous non plus"
has a niggling feeling that he is being ignored   hmmmmmm >>
therapist mode: so your parents abused you   how does that make you feel?
just accidentally youtube   
feels like a bit of a jerk today  i blame society
can only mean one thing   canadian velociraptors   
"burnt his arm on a soldering iron fixing his sister's bass, so   there ya go  a glimpse into the life of <propfirst> "
"burnt his hand on boiling water in chemistry today performing a lab, so   wait   déjà vu "
"*insert song lyrics that e playful ress how i am feeling in somebody else's words because i live an extremely uninteresting life, and this is the only way of e playful ressing myself aside from \is bored\"" here*"""
still feels like his brain is being crushed by his skull  very literally 
is gonna go and get an early start with his practicing for tonight's concert cuz there are sections that just   don't   work   yet!
hopes the rest of the week goes as well as this concert did 
is off to the hospital 
is getting annoyed with this riff!!! this is gonna play in my nightmares!
"wants you to go to ericnylander com and watch the video  it rakes a while to start up, but please be patient, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, kat, marki and i worked hard to make it as good as we could!"
is having a great day so far  waiting for the paaaaartayyyyyy!
i'm wearing a dress and feeling fabulous!  love 
"is not wearing a dress, but is still feeling fabulous!!"
drank coffee in order to counteract sleepytude  blerguhshtearphd!
lost his ipod   *cry*
is not a jedi master 
has got the zuton fever running like an epidemic through his head
just heard sleepyhead on a palm pixi commercial! finally! everyone can revel in the amazingness that is passion pit!!!
i'm the ultimate cutie 
is a sexy beast
has a beautiful belly
want to pluck yo momma's renegade nipple hair 
is a cuuuuutieee >w<
just made dreams and is going to share them with the world tomorrow  (at least as many as i can spare)
is leaving in 20 minutes  see ya 
"is back online  nobody panic, i'm alright, i'm fine, i'm good   damn, is everyone at anime club today?"
is playing the accordian   mmmmmmmhmmmmmmmm (nod)
"had a <propfemale> christmas  i hope you all are right now  also, dance, dance"
is not in a good mood  good night 
"is now in a good mood    also ate moose and ox today  i like both, but ox smells like footsweat lol"
is writing  it's a lazy weekend   
a cry from grishnákh showed that this was not mere jest
has received faaaaar too many birthday happiness! <propfirst> needs to stop making friends   
is listening to the strokes - i'll try anything once
so   yeah   certain us soldiers are careless pricks with no respect for human life       with all due respect
is being a boring nerd   or a nerdy bore if you prefer   with bunny-rabbit ears
"\i am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world\"" --<propfirst> dawkins"""
"is watching the tale of despereaux  it's surprising to see such satire in a children's movie  not unwelcome, though"
"\like\"" this status and i will send you a wall post saying something i like about you  set this as your status if you're brave  smile """
"just watched gasland  i never liked natural gas for not actually being an alternative energy, but this gave me droves of information to hate about natural gas  did you know that they actually use benzene to make the holes through which they drill the gas?"
"so, the last airbender got crap ratings  no surprises for the story at all   i mean   what can they do? but the special effects didn't even <propfemale> it? the elements were supposed to look badass, but it looks like another flop  i'm obviously still gonna go see it  i mean how else will i stay in the loop? but i'm not e playful ecting much "
"let's list off the names of musicians that are not filled with angst, self-importance, and self-pity  i'll start: <propmale> ledin   i think i won"
"i'd like to, very quickly, request any borrowed items or games returned to me posthaste as i will need to pack these things before tuesday of next week  to anyone whose items i have, i will return to you, as i have them ready to go already"
would like everyone to know that he lost his cellphone charger and will be incapable of receiving calls anywhere other than my home phone  'tis 508 886 6456
just got it confirmed; saturday next week is the day we make our way out
learned today that <propmale> would be a language you might want to learn to speak while living in <propmale>y   
my phone has the interwebz on it! hory sheeeeeeet!!!
"just spent 3 hours searching for all my video games and movies  found those  then i realized i lost my ps2  after 2 hours, i gave up and ate a tuna pizza"
"somehow chrome got set to japanese, while facebook is set to spanish, and everything everyone writes is in english  o o"
"many words in the english language (that aren't compound words) will contain other words, or be words with pre- suffixes that change the meaning of the word  'grateful' is the worst word ever because that's how it's spelled  the connotation of the word tends to make me want to write it like 'greatful' or 'full of greatness'  seeing the word 'grateful' makes me think that it's full of fucking cheese graters!!!"
"i believe it's time to celebrate everyone! the repeal of 'don't ask, don't tell' has finally passed in the senate, and the president will be signing it into law next week (though the process takes forever)  the good guys finally win one!"
"when did i get so many friends??? this is overwhelming     \thank you all for your birthday wishes!! i love you all!"
"okay, i am way in over my head right now, and i am really tired!\i need to get sleep or i will fall asleep in history tomorrow morning!\thus, i will bid you a good night for the moment and return tomorrow after school to finish conveying my gratitude for the various wishes of happiness on my 18th birthday   "
