fba13d36fd72ea396905a073a58046f6
al;kjdfff  i need a new job  17 hours? really?!
i wish i'd been there for <propmale> before he felt he had to take the gun to his head   
shiny new meds   
my fancomic is awesome  now i just need to finish it 
"yay, finished fancomic!"
shouldn't spend money    but i wants to 
i  hate  work 
"looking forward to brownies and d&d    but not at the same time, lol "
i have a brownie in my pocket   love   love   love   love   love 
<propfirst> en <propfirst>!!!  laugh 
escapizm
cookie!  love   love 
stay in your box  > sad 
think i ate too much last night     sad 
waiting for dnd and awa   love   love 
may not be able to go to dnd tonight  d=
planning and plotting for awa~ as well as making a costume that shall be epic 
awa awa awa awa awa!!!
parents    procrastinating     annoyed ++
yay awa! awa awa awa awa   
at awa  be back sunday~
is back from awa   laugh 
"feelin' good after awa  it didn't disappoint   love  was struck with some buyer's remorse earlier, but now that i'm enjoying the stuff i got, it's gone  totally worth every cent    now, to learn to make bentos   "
bento box!  love 
bento was yummy   love 
there are times my dad can be a real ass  like tonight 
is creating a character the complicated and fun way    now why isn't school this fun?
is confused 
"it feels so good to have the 'rents out of the house  i feel like half my stress has left with them   i should encourage this \leaving for a few days\"" thing   """
"ugh  dogs, ruining my good sleep   "
work work work 
keeps dreaming of d&d folks   
frightened over very real and very unlikely things    i hate these moods 
comforted by my life 
did not dream of d&d folks last night  whew  thought i was going crazy there 
still have the too-much-meat stomachache  ddx
eating veggies and waiting to go to agnes~
is stressed  nasty vibes going around again   
"shower, clean, pack, leave   "
avoiding family drama by doing nothing   smile  ftw  and maybe some kh2
waiting for d&d    and trying to forget how little money i actually have  d=
working on drawing my cards!  love 
needs to find her prismacolors 
found the colored pencils! yay!  love 
slept in late because of the rain  yaaawn  rain makes me sleepy and content 
ran into an old friend from pope today   smile 
is looking forward to meeting <propfemale> peeps for her birthday tonight!
is going to arkansas for vacation?
sorry <propfemale>!  i forgot to log out of your facebook and into my own   <propfemale>'s friend <propfemale> is going to arkansas for vacation!
had a nightmare on my birthday  fml 
"yesterday was so much fun  introduced the gang to <propfirst> of my dnd group, meanwhile forgetting just how unwise it is to let <propfirst> around any sort of weapon, fake or not  cake was delicious, too  ^___^"
is wearing new penguin ghost pajamas   love 
knit knit knit 
is worrying about life  d=
it sucks to be me!
undead mutant wild west on the mind~
won't be able to make it to tuesday dnd  tt-tt
would like to dream for days at a time 
"back to fic writing  hopefully, i'll finally be able to finish this chapter!"
got one line done on fic writing  back to reading and knitting  dx this fic will never be finished!
"yeah, not driving through cats and dogs to decatur tonight   "
halloween party was funnn  hope friends had fun at imagine too 
drawing my fancomic again
car brakes are out  f  m  l   annoyed 
and now i have to go in at 6 am again  fffffff   
i should do awesome things while my parents are out of town 
"needs to find some 1inch diameter smooth, round stones    river rocks of all different colors, about 30 of them  any suggestions on where to buy good ones?"
is feeling happy and hyper on her day off    i'mma go play video games!
fricking car! the only one that i have that works breaks down in a friends driveway!    at least it wasn't at the bank   
"between a movie, computer upgrade, and parents coming home, on top of cleaning the house, this will be a busy day "
"the dinner, the only reason i came home when i did, isn't happening tonight  what "
"is sad that she's reached the end of darths and droids  it was such a pleasant addiction; a shame that i couldn't have started it when it was finished    (if it ever will be, lol, at this pace)"
brownie #2 now at home!
"is working on creating her d&d world(s) and some possible first quests  also, i brought back the random encounters! woot!"
has the strange <propfemale> to conform for conformity's sake
is so excited for saturday!
"don't bother calling me on my cell phone tomorrow or the next day  i don't think it will work  if you need me, call me at home  770 578 4712"
"new phone, you can call me again! unfortunately, i don't have any of my previous saved contacts   sad  so sorry guys, i can't call you "
wonders why a 20 year old should have to report to mother and father what time she's coming home when she has her own key to the house 
is on the hunt  > laugh 
"was pissed, is now confused  and btws, when i said i wanted my life to be like a novel, i meant an adventure novel  i never wanted to be a <propfirst> <propfemale>  fml "
internet is finally no longer fail!
is dredging up good and bad memories by reading through old rps   
guh  burned our leftovers  now i feel awful 
wants $200 so she doesn't have to make difficult decisions 
"a very happy christmas to everyone on here! i'll be back on the 26th, or late late tomorrow night!"
"great christmas  everyone liked all their gifts, got to see all the family, and even though i got a double gift, i can exchange it for something else i really like, so it's no big deal  i'm very content right now  and i'm not feeling as sick! huzzah!"
avatar was so win 
wants moar othello 
this new year will be awesome   love 
addicted to rp sites   
"wonders if she'll be able to go to dnd tomorrow, with the entrance to her neighborhood an ice trap "
doesn't have to post today? o o
worked 5 hours longer than she was supposed to  dx
is going to work on levelling until 4   
wants to sleep more 
"is busy, but feelin' good "
"unfrozen fish food smells like death, btw "
"was feeling ick yesterday after being unable to give blood, and then still having to wait until april to try again! but today went pretty well  after work, though, i have no idea what to do  and tomorrow, i have to translate cpr into a language i can barely speak anymore, though reading and hearing are fine  ugh  can't wait till d&d saturday "
"yesterday was busy but so much fun! also, need to coordinate a good long visit to <propfemale>"
"is coming to <propfemale> saturday morning! have to leave by 4, though "
wants a <propfemale>    but must wait until at least her next paycheck     annoyed 
"wow, i've got one hella week ahead of me  @_@"
visiting <propfemale> in about an hour! call me if you want to get together!
is back from <propfemale>  now on to dnd
my week has officially started  it will end 30 work hours from now; worked 10 today 
planning on going to <propfemale> sometime either monday or thursday  input?
"getting kind of late today, so i'll just go to <propfemale> thursday night "
"well, today was interesting  it pissed me off "
and now i'm off to decatur! oh wait  where am i going to sleep? d=
"back from decatur! thanks for the rooming, ginia!  laugh "
"\we'd rather make our children martyrs than murderers\"""""
working working working!
"is becoming too lazy to work on dh stuff, but preparing in any case "
"last night was perhaps the most awesome sci-fi rpg i've ever played  full of heresy, shooting folks, daemons, and intrigue, i can't wait for the week after next "
"happy easter, everyone  mine was filled with fun and rage "
waiting for time to pass so fun things can happen
"great weekend, but a busy week ahead  good news: i have things to keep me entertained and sane during the week "
"has a reprieve this week, but hopes next week is busier "
needs moar knittan 
"realises that if life were some grand story, she'd be the tragic death that never lived up to her awesome potential "
is going to look for a new job as soon as i know if i'm going to college next semester  i'm tired of working my ass off and getting paid the minimum allowed by law for it 
"cell phone got washed again  i think i still have everyone's contact info, though if you didn't send it to me last time, i'd appreciate it this time "
"greeeeat    found out the reason why low-frequency noises sound like drumlines is because of a busted eardrum    not like this hasn't happened before, so at least i know what to do to protect my ear "
thinks the fish (which belongs to her mia friend) is going to die soon    whar be <propfemale>? d=
"well, that fish died    as did its partner in crime, which was a big surprise to me    think it might have been bacteria or parasite related   "
"had a horrible dream last night  d= so glad it had that one element of unrealism in it, or i'd be panicking "
so far this week has consisted of tired and grumpy  can't wait for the weekend 
"got some free dice with her new earrings  in a happy place right now, even though i'm covered in milkshake and smell like death plant "
"reading the special leatherbound gilt 50th anniversary edition of lotr, i am again reminded just how much of a masterpiece it really is "
so apparently that kid in the hat that came in to chick-fil-a today is famous? whatever  i've never heard of him  some <propfirst> kid 
back from vacation! got new jewelry and chunky yarn; will have to start another knitting project soon 
krivoverje!
"today  this thing just needs to end, so i can be one step closer to saturday and not stressed over miscommunications "
got a new bathing suit today!
"today    i held a froggie  oh, and other fun stuff happened too "
finished knitting two hats  today is a good day 
computers or <propmale>  that is the question 
should probably finish more projects before starting on her samhain hat   
i had a dream i couldn't draw  and then i woke up 
has a newfound love for <propfirst> cheese 
has rediscovered the joys of sims 3 
is on a voodoo daddy bend  anyone have any jazz favorites? feeling jazzy 
ffff these quizzes need to stop posting things to my profile unless i comment on them 
"had loads of fun today with havi, but somehow now is feeling awfully lonely "
"is now officially registered for classes! now, to debate if i want to change my schedule at all   "
feels like a valuable human being thanks to a random anon   love 333
"is seriously not feeling well  will stay in bed and try to keep cool, and hopefully this will go away soon  until then, i suppose headaches and fever shall be my friends   sad "
"is seriously feeling better, and ready for two weeks off of work to get adjusted to school before somehow juggling both!"
"why, one piece   whyyyyyy~"
is trying to figure out when she should go conning this month 
has decided to go to d*con starting at 7 smile 0 friday morning  you guys should tell me if you'll be there friday 
"change of plan  going sunday now instead of friday, after much arguing with the parents  same rules apply as before "
"had an excellent time at d*con, and plan on going two days next year instead of one, if studies allow "
"has consulted her academic advisor, and decided on a <propmale>  i feel so proud now  now, to plan out the next four years of college   "
has the dragon*crud
"this friday: work and projects  next friday: <propfemale>, unless something comes up   smile "
"school, why are you so cruel to me? sleep, why are you so necessary? wish i hadn't collapsed last night  i'd be able to print out my worksheet today   "
"thought today would be a bad day, but things are dramatically looking up     i think i really like kennesaw  somehow, it turns my dread into hope "
"needs to get rid of this damn cough  it's been around for two weeks, and i just can't shake it "
is inspired with no vent  being at school is now not fun 
is excited to get this show on the road  and by 'show' i mean 'game'  and by 'on the road' i mean 'in the works'  since i'm home and have resources and all 
"is exhausted, but at least after a shut down, minik is working properly again so i can study for my test  also, not going to <propfemale> this week, but i promise i'll be down there soon  maybe next week   smile "
"october's going to be sooo busy, but hopefully it'll make way for a wonderful november!"
"busy world-creatan and school-workan  also, needs to get a vote on the spoooooky gaming night "
is trying to create a new spell    who knew it would be this hard to figure out one aspect of it!
shall continue world creatan until there is no more world to create 
i like it over the side of the bed or couch 
minan and plottan
is finding her happy place after a day of sick and bleh 
why is it on my birthday that all the card nerds disappear and are replaced with introverted vidyas?
thanks for all the well wishes you guys!  laugh 
working on stuff for one-shot   
minan and plannan
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? (note: if you comment, copy and paste this into your status  be fair; play along )"
"i think for my first time gming this system, i had a modest success  should have looked into that evil little girl, though "
i've been to  b  twice  i've enjoyed neither visit 
"what is this \election\"" thing and why is it not showing up? d= i voted at 7:20 this morningggg~~"""
"if i send you a message to a link on steam, don't click it  i think a bot has hacked my account  looking into this now "
"is mildly perturbed that only three candidates she voted for made it into office   annoyed  at least three is better than zero, but it's just disgusting how nobody votes third party when everyone hates both main parties' candidates "
  aaand now my steam account is disabled  great 
"had fun last night, and looking forward to tonight!"
feels like she needs to plan more when she gms  party can move fast when they have their minds set to it   
"if anyone ever asks you, drawing maps of actual cities, even small ones is so hard "
"longs for the day when \complete family\"" is defined as the presence of more than one parent  period """
must be swift as a coursing river 
"is having a great thanksgiving filled with video games and family, even a surprise or two along the way! hope everyone else enjoys their harvest feast!"
today was a good day  i can honestly say nothing bad happened today 
it's this time of year already? it seems like just 2 months ago it was this time last year   
i am convinced that next year will be better than this  and this year was hella good 
ia! ia! cthulhu fhtagn!
"two finals left, and only one of those is a test "
first snow of this winter  beautiful 
"ohgod, the ice  not this again "
"however long it took, mass combat was fun  ohgod, the apocalypse "
"can't wait for friday, and then the friday after!"
"happy christmas, everyone! hope you all have fun with whoever you're spending the day with~  laugh "
"the work is done  knitted a hat with 9 colors  made some mistakes, but overall i think it went well!"
"rest in peace, spike  the eternal sleep will be perfect for one who loved sleeping so much  you were a good dog "
feels a little    eeeeevil 
"evil   is a relative thing  god kills indiscriminately, and so shall we  love interview, just thought i'd put it out there "
i kind of want to kill the ksu registration right now  i could only sign up for two courses on days i don't want to go to school  a;gjirns 
"i am signed up for four classes  take that, ksu   love "
"there is    over 5 inches of snow on my car  probably drifted off the trees, but still    wow "
"i somehow have a feeling that this semester i'll put more into savings than what i want    just based on the year so far  about 100 shorter in my spending account than i'd like; of course, after paying for vet visits (and being reimbursed to my other account), this shouldn't be a surprise "
snowed in another day  grr  maybe i can get out this afternoon 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe poison  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the bunker, armed with gas masks  the remaining 1% are awesome, and will re-post this  will you?"
"i've had enough of you, professor, you and the rest of the world that says i can't work in any computer field because i don't know how to program  i came to college to learn, jerk "
"so the giant bear i'm getting for my boyfriend for <propfirst>'s shall be named wine, we have decided  he can't know what it is until i give it to him, though, so shhh "
i think traditions exist to make ordinary life not boring; of this i approve  too bad what few traditions family had have been broken by now 
"scarfie scarfs   love  and then i must finish abandoned projects  all of this being, of course, in non-existant free time  wish me luck!"
   i guess i really am working for the evil empire   
arglgarbl  whoever said making a resume was easy was lying 
"now that i'm about to go to sleep, i do feel a purge is necessary   "
"update, because i feel it is necessary more than anything: my 95-year-old grandfather is e playful ected to stop breathing any time now "
loves reading bumper stickers 
"last night saw a tractor trailer that dove halfway through a car    if <propfirst> and mikael hadn't stopped at the atm, we would've been there  it's times like these i'm grateful i'm alive "
