cf8f4af37966ef2301d226fcb4a5e1d6
loves being with best friends   laugh 
is at kp's!!  laugh 
is home and ready to take a nap after a long day of    doing nothing 
is partying it up girls night style at kp's 
has some last minute packing to do 
is slumbering   laugh 
"is back from europe, and very tired "
wants to go to bed already  damn jet lag 
is sick 
"had fun with the girls last night  showering, then work "
"is super tired  sleeping, then work all day "
is chilling with the <propfemale> 
"is showering, working, then who knows "
is in <propfemale> 
is back in crotchester 
can finally sleep in tomorrow   laugh 
is driving like a bat out of hell 
is tired of this <propmale> potter nonsense  oy 
"is working, and then visiting my favorite <propfemale> "
"fainted this morning  and apparently is \prone to fainting\""  eff """
is really sore 
is on her new laptop!  laugh 
is loving her new beast of a computer   laugh 
is with a silly boy named <propmale> for the night 
facebook is being screwy  it's pissing me off 
feels crappy 
is not feeling too hot   
is very ready to get out of here 
is going to bed early and sleeping in   laugh 
time is passing so slowly  i wish it were next week 
feels like dancing 
"is looking for something to do tonight! if you're still in town, text me!"
is at kp's 
is working her last shift before she leaves for school 
last day in crotchester   laugh 
is all moved in!
is loving <propfemale> 
: i guess i'll keep on ramblin' 
game day!!
ee + oa = 3 years  ?
lots of spanish 
is kicking homework's ass 
is not feeling too great 
is trying to keep up with classwork from home 
can't sleep 
is still not sleeping 
got six inches of hair chopped off today  =o
is back in <propfemale> and has a ton of stuff to do 
is in a wonderful mood today!
"is going to bed early, and is very happy about it "
numb is the new deep 
loves ee  lots 
's english discussion got cancelled  hell to the yes 
"gets to sleep in  ohh, tuesdays  one class, at 2:25   laugh "
didn't have a camera by my side this time; hoping i would see the world through both my eyes 
has a spanish test that will probably kick her ass tomorrow    despite the fact that she'll be studying all night  oy 
: badger game day!!  laugh 
: <propfirst> radin concert tonight!!
is loving that it finally feels like fall 
gave blood   laugh 
is done with class  now watching gossip girl and napping  mmm   laugh 
is going to be up late doing homework  eff 
is working on a speech for journalism  and revising a paper  and reading a spanish short story 
was just reminded that the office is on tonight  hell yes 
officially has tickets to <propfirst> hutchinson   laugh 
is super annoyed with waste-of-time lectures that are a summary of the assigned reading 
"wait what? what was that? wisconsin is better than minnesota? well, what do you know  i guess you all can suck it   laugh "
sunday is such a stupid day  there's no way to enjoy the day because you're doing homework and anticipating the start of the week 
hates this week 
"just ordered her halloween costume  thank you, amazon "
"is finally dry, after 7 hours of trudging around cold and wet  now it's nap time   laugh "
is stressed out 
"it's like i'm pressed on the handlebars of a blind man's bike  no straws to grab, just the rushing wind on the rolling mind "
is going home this weekend!!!
is home and hanging with bananie!!
"is back in <propfemale>, and missing <propfemale> "
"every word you say i think i should write down, don't wanna forget come daylight "
"guess where it's not snowing? <propfemale>, wisconsin   laugh "
has a dead phone and no way to charge it  poop 
"every time i start to change my mind again, it gets me back to where i was "
badger game day!!! taking my baby sis to camp <propmale>   laugh 
is finally fever-less  i hope it lasts 
"i don't remember you looking any better, but then again i don't remember you "
"slept like crap, has a headache, and it's raining  lovely "
is ready for the shit show of this weekend   laugh 
poop 
"is so damn excited for halloween  state st all night, baby!!!"
is getting ready for round 2 
is sad the weekend is over  back to reality 
is so sleepy 
this is hopeless   annoyed 
loves sleeping 
is using google chrome and liking it for the most part 
is going to bed at 11? nice 
would you know my name if i saw you in heaven?
is annoyed with the commercialness of joining causes  do you actually care about what you're supporting?
is blah 
had a decent night and is going to sleep for as long as she wants   laugh 
is hating that it's monday 
"and this is why my eyes are closed  it's just as well for all i've seen  and so it goes, and so it goes  and you're the only one who knows "
"is doing laundry, listening to battle studies, and studying "
"i don't care if we don't sleep at all tonight, let's just fix this whole thing now  i swear to god we're gonna get it right, if you lay your weapon down "
has floor tickets to <propfirst> mayer in milwaukee!!!!
finished my essay!! now it's preparation time for springsteen tonight!!!
is hating the whole monday thing 
shitty day 
"don't say a word, just come over and lie here with me  cause i'm just about to set fire to everything i see "
enjoys reading the commentary in the bathroom stalls in college library  it's a nice distraction from this damn research paper 
there are people speaking spanish behind me and i can't stop listening in on their conversation 
is ecstatic that it's friday 
"has one class today, then heading back to crotchester!"
is home!!  laugh 
loves thanksgiving 
is at kp's with the girls!!  laugh 
is back in <propfemale>  decorating the room all holiday-ish 
is so damn tired 
is loving the gorgeous snow that is gently falling on <propfemale> 
is pretty sick of everything 
is hating this dumb spanish novel 
has such a sweet boyfriend   laugh 
hanson holiday music makes me very happy 
has a snow day tomorrow!!!!
is enjoying the lack of classes today 
flip - flip - flipadelphia!
"hooray, it's friday! oh, wait, all i'm doing is studying this weekend "
"is at the business school library, trying to write a paper "
this charleston chew is really taking me back   laugh 
"tell me does it move you, does it soothe you, does it fill your heart and soul with the roots of rock & roll?"
holy shit the <propmale> season 4 finale blew my mind 
has her last day of class today  finally 
hates studying  so much 
job interview! nerrrvous 
is trying to study   
studied her ass off for the last 6 hours  time to take a much needed break 
está estudiando  feck 
two-hour essay finals make me wish i were ambidextrous 
"has the sorest throat, ever "
is so sick   sad  too bad i have two more finals on monday 
just signed the lease for her house on mifflin next year!!
up at 6am for the last two finals  then going home!!!
is officially done!!! heading back to crotch-town soon!!  laugh 
is back in crotchester!
really likes showering without flip flops on 
<propfemale> bowllll!!!!
"\badgers eat horned frogs for breakfast  this is an evolutionary fallacy \"" -<propfemale> prendergast"""
this whole flu thing is getting old  it'd be encouraging if i were getting just a teeny bit better 
is working until 3 
just found out that <propfemale> joplin was her 8th cousin  wat 
is snug like a bug (in a rug) 
"woke up early for a doctor's appointment, and now is going back to bed "
hot pink 
"is cozy in bed, snuggling with her doggie "
"lo que yo siento por ti es amor, ganas que me hacen útil el corazón, droga que me hace inmune ante el dolor, gotas de agua <propfemale> rayo de <propfirst> "
had a great night with a special boy 
ignorance and hypocrisy  my biggest pet peeves 
"<propfemale> globes, baby!!"
it's just a season thing 
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!
is so sick of job-hunting 
"we made a promise we swore we'd always remember  no retreat, baby, no surrender "
is siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick 
baby you got my only heart 
can't sleep  not a fan 
don't say a word just come over and lie here with me 
is still up  why? who knows 
"album of the year, <propfirst> swift? really?"
"crack the shutters open wide, i wanna bathe you in the light of day "
is loving her newly rearranged room 
"yeah i would walk and i'd surely walk away, if i wasn't such a sucker for you "
can't wait for the weekend 
is pretty sure she just saw someone's mom in the sellery laundry room doing their laundry for them 
is so excited for tonight 
"i like the way you're not afraid; you've got the world planned in your mind  people say you can not do it, but they don't know a friend like you "
"don't you worry there, my <propfemale>  we might not have any money, but we've got our love to pay the bills "
ahh drug bust on park street!
is valentinesing 
is missing her doggie   sad 
wishes it were a week from now 
could probably drink three gallons of water in one day 
has a fever  what a great weekend   annoyed 
is studying the night away  how fun 
"is done with her fourth and final midterm, on a monday  nice "
actually did a lot of homework tonight 
got a bunch of shampoo in her eye in the shower this morning 
just had the best toast of all time 
"oh my god, <propmale> devito i love your work!!"
so what if you catch me? where would we land?
numb is the new deep 
lost twenty bucks   sad 
got accepted to rctc for the summer term  i'm so excited i can barely contain myself 
why are skittles commercials always so freaking weird?
"is driving with <propfemale>, jamming to <propmale> "
"do you believe in what you see? motionless wheel, nothing is real  wasting my time in the waiting line  do you believe in what you see?"
"i got troubles oh, but not today, cause they're gonna wash away, they're gonna wash away "
a royale with cheese! you know why they call it that?
"it's a brand new day, the sun is shining, it's a brand new day  for the first time in such a long long time i know i'll be ok "
"y'all gonna make me act a foo! up in here, up in here "
<propfemale> encanta daddy yankee 
dude! since when did the radisson in rochester become a doubletree?
likes watching the puddles gather rain 
dude  this damn lincoln kennedy conspiracy theory group thing is clogging up my news feed  honestly 
got three pairs of wedges and one pair of heels today for $70  niiiice 
"is laying out, attempting to add some type of color to her skin   laugh "
is absolutely loving her new straightener!!
"\party in the usa\"" just came on the radio  so reminds me of 6a last fall  hahaha """
is in oak park!!
just smoked a cigar with <propfemale> bananie for her first legal one   laugh 
is back in crotchester 
saw a hummer with a critical habitat license plate  not sure whether to laugh or puke 
"oh  my  god  rctc and your horrible use of technology, you will be the death of me  i could not be more frustrated right now "
is napping with her puppy and listening to great lake swimmers  mmmm 
is so excited to see her man tomorrow 
"i love you, ratatat "
i work in the dead of night when the roads are quiet and no one is around to track my moves 
"when you're driving in the left <propfirst> and you're getting passed in the right <propfirst>, that may be an indication that you shouldn't be driving in the left <propfirst> "
"had a nice lunch at <propmale>'s with <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> prendergast and then a lazy afternoon with <propmale> edlund  if i didn't have to work on econ now, i'd consider it a great day "
went to bed at 1 and woke up at 5  this should be a fun day at work   annoyed 
badger football 
is missing <propfemale>   sad 
damn shutter island was great 
won't you kiss me when you come home?
is done with her stupid rctc class 
ohhhhh what up spain!!  laugh 
can't sleep 
is loving the sound of rain 
just applied for 6 jobs in <propfemale>  here's hoping 
inception  was  brilliant 
has anyone at uw taken soc 125? i'm trying to decide if i should take it or not 
got an aarp card in the mail  excuse me?
lollapalooza?! yes please 
had an amazing weekend at lolla with <propfemale> prendergast and <propfemale> <propfemale>!!
last summer everyone complained because it was too cold  this summer everyone complains about how it's too hot  people will always find something to bitch about 
is packing and listening to the black keys 
is heading back to <propfemale> tomorrow  yussss 
: headed back to my favorite city!
is cleaning and getting all settled in to her new house on mifflin!!
is about to help her best friend move in to <propfemale>  yusssss 
finally has a desk in her room 
: last day of summer today   annoyed  lots of shit to get done before school starts tomorrow  balls 
got a job!!
will be hugging her doggies in one hour!!  laugh 
wonders if madd realizes there probably aren't many mothers who are for drunk driving 
"is thinking of a very strong little lady who is having a rough time  i know you can do it, sweetie  i'm thinking of you "
": 4 years and i love you more than ever  happy anniversary, <propmale> edlund!"
spent about $400 on textbooks this semester  and i bought them all used from amazon  college is so great 
is ambiguous 
badger gameday 
is all alone 
"is still sick and so exhausted, but has a whole bunch of shit to get done "
wishes she could go back to being 5 years old 
is definitely watching land before time on netflix instant watch  you wanna fight about it?
"is about to make it a great night  i love <propfemale>, and i love my house "
": don’t waste your money on a new set of speakers; you get more mileage from a cheap pair of sneakers  next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways it’s still rock and roll to me "
"fire alarm in soc sci 15 minutes before class is over? yes, please   laugh "
"got some penicillin, and is done with wednesday  it's all downhill from here   laugh "
badgers 
is jumping around!! and <propfirst> peay really sucks  wow 
spent a wonderful day with her boyfriend and <propfirst> the hedgehog 
"obama in <propfemale>!! oh wait, i have a fucking psych exam and can't go "
: happy sweet sixteen to my beautiful baby sister grace <propfirst>!!
killed at least four flies in her house this afternoon  productive day? obviously 
well there goes my week 
<propmale> jeter can s my d 
is super exhausted  too bad i have to crank out a paper before i go to bed 
homecoming gameday!! get crazy!
"wow, minnesota  sorry you guys suck so bad  it really sucks that you guys can never measure up  except i'm not actually sorry "
has a real sweetheart of a boyfriend 
i love me some ratatat 
osu game  time to get crazy 
this is the best game everrrr!!!
has the stomach flu or something  ballsack 
"has been sick for about two months  voice lost for three weeks  not cool, immune system  get your shit together "
psych 509 is really not a friend of mine right now 
deadmau5!!
deadmau5 was incredible 
i feel like people with male pattern baldness should know that dreads don't look good on them 
is about to get annihilated by this abnormal psych midterm 
snuggling with my doggie  love it 
is not a fan of the monday thing 
"holy shit, you'd think there was a hurricane in <propfemale> today "
it's so <propfemale> out that a small person actually got blown into me today 
oh my gosh all  the little kids trick or treating on state right now are soooo cute!!
halloween in <propfemale>  you wish it was your city 
freak fest  get some 
"i still remember the time when we were dancing, we were dancing to a song that i'd heard "
is proper hardcore 
already voted absentee   laugh 
"oh come on, wisconsin! <propmale> <propmale>?!"
yuuuuuuck i just found a centipede in my room  it seriously took me about five minutes to psych myself up to smush it with a kleenex box  ohhhhhhh my god  i'm so creeped out 
"have no fear when the waters rise, we can conquer this great divide "
what a horrible day 
i finally got the moped i saved all summer for!!  laugh  so pumped 
"mmm, rhapsody in blue  so great to study to "
is so tired of school  and looking ahead to four more years  great 
is so pumped for <propmale> ritter this weekend 
"ouch, indiana "
hoosier daddy?!
<propmale> ritter!!
"marry me, <propmale> ritter "
is hatin on this ab psych book right now 
"got up at 7 smile 0 and got ready, thinking it was tuesday and i had early class  turns out it's monday and i don't have class until 11  damn it "
"drove back to rochester late last night, got there at 3  got a total of about 2 hours of sleep, now driving back to <propfemale>  thank god for redbull "
has a paper due tomorrow and a psych exam  tonight's gonna be so fun 
drinking a red bull and in a quiet room at college library  it's on 
is so glad it's finally the weekend 
"is with her favorite <propfemale>, <propfemale> prendergast  obviously "
is taking a lovely thanksgiving nap  yessssss 
is siiiick 
texting this status from my new droid!!
<propfemale> bowl   laugh 
back in <propfemale>!! which also means back to the reality of papers and exams for the next three weeks 
looks like it's gonna be a late night in the library 
busted out the hardcore parka today  hello winter   sad 
"congratulations to my baby sister, grace <propfirst>, who just got her driver's license today!!"
not a fan of the snow 
"has a hot date with the library, and two term papers   annoyed "
it's fucking freeeezing in my house!!  sad 
"happy birthday to my beautiful best friend, <propfemale> prendergast!"
2 papers done  no more big assignments for the rest of the semester!! just finals now   
watching all these statuses about the blizzards in mn  good thing it's raining in <propfemale>   laugh 
it's officially that time of year when the inside of my nose freezes when i walk outside 
"haven't slept at all tonight  and it's not like i was being productive, either, i've been trying to sleep for the past 4 hours "
has a working garbage disposal for the first time in three weeks  nice 
computer broken  just in time for finals 
fuck finals 
best part of a 7:45am final? going home and going back to bed after it 
found five dollars on the street today    bitch 
done with the semester  get some 
missing my 405 407 family! wish you were all gonna be around for new years!
woke up for work at 5 smile 0 with a fever of 102  it's gonna be a fun day   annoyed 
"been on a constant cocktail of ibuprofen and tylenol for the last two days, and i still feel like shit  what a great new years <propfemale> it's gonna be "
there is little to no snow on the highway  so why is it that i could only get up to 50mph in the far left <propfirst>? rochester drivers are the worst 
moa with the hottest <propfemale> ever 
"back on mifflin, bitches!!"
is 20 today  one more year 
just got the cutest bouquet of birthday flowers from <propmale> edlund  
"skrillex, bitches!!"
"mmmm, nice and warm and about to fall asleep  if only i could sleep for like 10 hours instead of 5 "
"alright, the semester's finally starting  i actually sat down and did work today  here's to staying caught up this semester and going to all my classes  next week it'll be a different story but for now i'm optimistic about it "
"from the badger herald  i laughed my ass off: \\aso to the woman shaving her pubes in the public shower at the serf  i don't care how comfortable you are with yourself, that is never okay  the showers with curtains are there for a reason "
sooooo sleepy 
well i guess everyone's getting fucked up tonight! and they said a snow day would never happen again 
"feels like a sunday night  good thing i have <propfemale> <propfirst> mickelson across from me at the kitchen table to study with  and by study i mean listen to awesome music, but what else is new?"
"college library with <propfemale> prendergast  superbowl party poopers, maybe  but we are definitely getting our shit done   laugh "
all nighter and going strong so far    just waiting for the crash 
"becca <propfirst>, <propfemale> prendergast, me, and an assload of homework on our kitchen table  clearly, things are getting rowdy at the mifflin house tonight "
warm days like this remind me how wonderful <propfemale> is when it's warm out 
"love you and miss you, grandpa <propmale>  i can't believe it's already been three years "
looks like an all-nighter with these fine ladies at my kitchen table 
loving the new set-up of my room  hot damn 
3rd exam in the last two days  so ready for it to be over  things are definitely getting crazy tonight when i'm done 
it's hard to study when there's an adorable puppy trying to play with you 
"you see what happens, <propfirst>?!"
"all that love, all those mistakes, what else can a poor man make?"
"spring break is just a midterm and a lab away    at 4pm today, though  and then two classes on friday, but we'll just see about that "
totally just made that midterm my bitch 
"my hands, they were strong, but my knees were far too weak\to stand in your arms without falling to your feet "
definitely don't even mind that i'm alone on the 3 hour drive back to crotchester  it's so damn gorgeous out 
slept until noon and woke up sandwiched between my two dogs  i love spring break 
there is such a thing as good grief  just ask <propfirst> brown 
yeahhhh badgers 
"r  b , <propfemale> black"
so glad i'm not in minnesota  no snow in <propfemale>   laugh 
just took a test and i type 88 words per minute  put that in your pipe and smoke it 
ihop with the <propfemale>  it's awesome 
"sooooo sleepy  but if i go to sleep now, i won't be able to wake up in the morning  ain't that a bitch "
the mountain of homework i have to do is such torture on a day like this 
1 of 3 midterms today is done  2 to go  thrilling 
"2 down, 1 to go  and then i'm passing out for a week "
i'm 3 for 3 on the midterms  so glad this bitch of a day is over!!
"shut the fuck up, <propmale> "
