7283c7eb8f205e3b946fa7a6e566e954
happy new years everyone!!!!!
good night everyone and happy new years!!!!! and may auburn win today!!!
auburn victory check <propmale> out with friends check une playful ectably saw sherlock holmes check    sounds like a good way to start the year!!!!!! smile 
only got 2 hours of sleep last night been up since 5 hahahaha    going to get ready and go to church and then to a day of   well i dont know yet but i'll figure it out later  smile 
i don't think i've ever felt this bad in my entire life 
is feeling like crap and hurting everywhere right now 
first week of auburn was awesome and now has wireless internet for his apartment 
just has two more classes today thanks to english having conferences for our first essay 
was thinking about going to the ths football game this friday but is rethinking that since everyone in t-town has swine flu 
got 2 tests today woohoo not just a wee bit nervous for my econ1010 test just a little 
feels bad for all the people who have swine flu but wont comment their status to save them a few deleted emails lol(youknowwhoyouare)
has no class this afternoon but has a government test tomorrow morning 
has to finish my essay thats due tomorrow for english then going back to auburn sometime tonight 
another awesome day on auburn university    at least weatherwise lol 
well i just feel great today considering i only got 4 hours of sleep last night   not!
what about <propmale> tate blowing up <propfirst> <propfirst> heck yea!!!!!war eagle!!!!!!
ready for my math test tomorrow odds of a 100% very slim lol
so i went home for the weekend to go back to my apartment today to find out my water heater busted saturday drenched my carpet and caused the ceiling on the room below me to fall   but on the brightside i made a 100 on my math test lol
rough weekend and even rougher week weekend ahead   why can't some good things be easy      *sigh*
so this week was rough enough without me messing up but now its just horrible   and things don't look to get any better any time soon 
for this weekend i have a math and a government test to study for a geography project to start and finish and an english essay to finish   spare time where are you when i need you lol
missing a day of some great college football war eagle!!!!!!! but hey i've finished my essay for english yay!!!!!!
i take a deep breathe and look in the mirror   i look the same but i feel different   times of changes are difficult but when they are done the results are so awesome 
feeling kind of rough and has a lot of studying to do for a government test tomorrow 
has a project to do for geography thats due tomorrow   anyone have a printer i can use 
is ready for thanksgiving what about yall?????
is debating to do ultimate frisbee or go to the playoff game at tallassee   which should i do????
"so i'm sitting outside in my truck charging my phone because i left my charger at my apartment, and someone is texting calling me tonight you know who you are and you should feel special i would do this for anyone else  plus its freezing outside   fml"
has come to the conclusion life is not so great for those who are  hot headed and puts his foot in his mouth   alot  sad 
thinks football fanatics are living up to there names lol glad everyone is happy that their team won!!
can't wait for the weekend to get here because i'm going to the auburn vs <propfemale> saturday!!!!! heck yea!!!!!!
today sucks really really bad it can't really get any worse!!!
all i can say is its a national holiday and i still have class   annoyed 
should be doing a power point for a class but is distracted with planning a trip to athens for the auburn vs  <propfemale> game!
doesn't know exactly why i'm still up                 
3rd sinus infection for the year    but no sinus infection shall stop my conquest to athens and the auburn game lol    but man do these things suck!!!
had an awesome time in <propmale> stadium!!! truly a stadium every sec should visit   and thanks to <propfemale> and <propfirst> for going to the game with me yall made it fun!!
is need of some serious sleep time and can't wait til this week is over so thanksgiving break would be here yay!!!!!!
has just realized that i have a essay due tomorrow   and power point   well  looks like my day is full  sad 
well i'm bored out of my mind and has absolutely nothing to do  sad 
well this past week weekend has been awesome!!!! now back to school booooooooo lol
thinks i shall be up studying all night   not cool!
well this week has started off very interesting   hoping it calms down and gets less interesting and quick
realizes i officiallly miss thanksgiving break because government is sooooooooo boring!!!
so for the rest of the week i have an essay due that needs to be finished by friday but not due til monday   strange   and finishing the rest of my math   then we move on to finals
tired and a little down right now    thus no more working on school stuff and off to bed annoyed 
rough day + english paper = sad <propmale>  sad  anyone is welcome to cheer me up    
is in a very relaxed state of mind right now and its been awhile since i was relaxed   funny sometimes you just need a kick in the butt to start fixing stuff :-l
has a dislike button thanks to firefox  smile 
well alabama lets make the sec proud and win a fourth straight national championship for the sec if you don't mind and congrats on a well deserved game 
noooooo!!!!!!! i wanted a tcu v  alabama national championship game for christmas      
going back to auburn around 6 if you need me text me
so i go back to auburn and find out i have no cable which means no internet so i'll be in the library all night finishing math homework   fml
so i come back to my apartment and now my internet works  yayayayayayayay praise god
thinks staying up til 2 doing math has killed me   now to my essay 
so i finally finished my schedule yay what a relief   that just took so much stress off my shoulders!
is going home until wednesday to take a break from the endless studying i'm about perform 
enjoyed making new friends last should do that more often   thank you paper rock scissor lol
just got home from seeing my maw maw for the first time in 8 years so its been a happy emotional day  smile 
"for the next two days i shall be studying, studying, and studying   can't wait til tuesday at 10 smile 0 a m  when this semester is over  smile "
about to take a math exam at 8 and then my geography exam at 12 wish me luck  smile 
did my good deed for the day kept 2 people dry with my giant umbrella and 2 down one to go    heck yea!!!!
this semester is finally over!!! now to a much needed break 
wow this is by far the most boring day ever   
this weekend will be awesome no epic  smile 
just saw an iron man 2 trailer and that movie is going to be awesome!!!!
just 4 days til christmas yay!  smile  its going to be a great next couple of weeks!!!
why am i up this early???? 3 days til christmas!!!
"going to montgomery to shop, see maw maw, and then shop some more  sounds like a good day"
try this again   i'm up early but didn't fall asleep til 3  christmas in 2 days yay!!!!
heck yea its christmas <propfemale>!!!!!
had a very <propfemale> christmas and hope my friends and family had a very <propfemale> christmas too!!!! good night
warm brownies are awesome!!! smile 
wtf <propfirst> sullivan aka the rev for avenged sevenfold was found dead in his house today   this is messed up!
<propfirst> swift and the skillet drummer are officially mine haha take that <propfirst>
2010 you have had more bad times than good but i'm thankful for the good times and seeing another new year come! looking forward to what 2011 brings   national championship please  laugh 
so i just wake up to find out the sec's domination of the big 10   great state to the new year haha
feels like a fat kid    ming's garden has the best chinese  smile 
has to go to auburn to pay rent today so much fun   goodbye money   
well this week should be a good week and this weekend even better since its my birthday sunday  smile 
the world never stops amazing me!
ok this time the world doesn't surprise me i just e playful ect somethings now lol 
so i just broke my phone   well looks like i need a new one now lol
so i would like to know who sent the totally hispanic text message to me lol
is it me or is it impossible to sleep tonight????
has had an awesome saturday night birthday thanks to friends!!! also i would like to thank everyone who wished me happy birthday yall made my day!!!!  smile 
first day of is over yay!!!! looks like this semester is going to be awesome!!!!  smile 
math quiz bright and early in physics tomorrow at 8   seriously????
so my math quiz isn't 8 in physics its at 6 smile 0      oh well
one class down 2 to go
is done with classes today heck yea
so i'm hoping to sleep in my bedroom on my bed and pillow tonight   not the other room on the floor and calculus book like last night     smile 
full throttle=crap monster=awesomeness!!!!!
is home for the weekend   this first week of school went pretty well or at least better than the my first week last semester lol
believes that warmness on the soul by avenged sevenfold is my favorite song   everyone should go listen to it  smile 
well i have absolutely nothing to do tonight   
"between now and tomorrow i've got to do laundry, homework, clean truck, study, and pack up stuff and head back to auburn   not much time to now is there    sad "
my head feels like its about to e playful lode    
feels like crap this not sleeping kick i'm on sucks  sad 
is officially done cleaning for the night   but i still have darn calculus homework oh well monster in the morning and i'm good lol  smile 
so its one of those interesting days when i can  sleep but wake up at 630 then tackle limits in calculus at 9 then to  find out the vending machine won't give you a monster so i get a sprite  and it e playful lodes on me lol its a good day  smile 
is tired but still has some work that must be finished before i can sleep  sad 
so a math quiz and a somewhat surprise physics assessment test later and i'm halfway done with the longest day i have of class  smile 
so today was a good day a few surprises here and there   but in general a good day now to the weekend heck yea!!!!
had a good day night hanging with friends and legion is an ok movie
its going to be one of those days   i would trade with anyone for just this one day any takers????
white fudge chunky chips ahoy!=awesomeness
pandora and superbad just kept me from being bored during my mounds of homework
first time in a while i'm actually worried about the future and its not mine for once   
wow!!!!! i just had my world rocked    
thinks i need to start sleeping because i was totally late to my calculus class by like 10 minutes     
some people are so immature and freak out about everything geez i mean seriously chill out
the world just never ceases to amaze me haha i guess some surprises are good!!!
change of plans this weekend went from being normal to complicated within hours 8-o lol but its still going to be an awesome weekend
so i think its late enough now to start some homework lol  smile 
man 630 engineering physics labs are so not cool right they just interupted my nap   
this is going to be a long and stressful day  annoyed 
wow i'm so foolish sometimes      
so 4 monsters in one day is a bit much maybe thats why they warn you that you should only have 3 per day   fun stuff right now  laugh 
ahhhhhh that muhammad book is killing me!!!!
successfully pulled an all nighter studying for my 2 tests this morning wish me luck
feels sick hope they don't give me a 0 on my history test   going to take a nap   sad 
has not left campus once today since 9am this has been one long day   
praise god for my smart gta now i'm finished with my assignment now i just have to help <propfemale> with his great    lhaha
so i have a new phone so i need everyones' <propfirst> again just text me
is not feeling to good right now   
i would like to ask everyone to please keep my family in your prays because my grandfather <propfirst> newman passed away this evening thanks 
thanks for all the prays this week for my family!
i need a stress reliever    suggestions would be much appreciated
this might be a little late but the new facebook is gay it seems like everything messes up and they had just fixed the other version   
has been way to busy lately and thats not going to change anytime soon but oh well just want midterms to be done with
sometimes its not the goodbye thats the toughest its the time afterwards    
well my day just went to heck   school is killing me right now!!!!
got not 1 but 2 midterms today and the 2nd isn't til 8pm   for that calculus i shall make a 100 lol  smile 
is so about to fail my c programming midterm   crap
the only thing that can make this exam worse is rain and its about to start raining   porque????
now done with tests til friday so now to reading a book for history and cleaning
its amazing how everything is good then it falls to pieces so quickly    
my friends make me happy!!!  smile 
just got attacked by so robins   lol done with class for the day now to studying for my history test
feels pretty good about that history test that i stayed up all night studying for   so this week i accommplished passing all my exams with flying colors   no test for two weeks yay!!!!  smile 
you think with no sleep last night i could take a nap   wrong
had an awesome weekend and to make things better first weekend this semester i've had no homework!!!! heck yea  smile 
the weather today is awesome!!!
so i'm in engineering at auburn and i'm actually going to say i have an easy week this week   thats a first and then next week is spring break heck to the yeah!!!!
green monsters make the world spin
what a lovely ten minute swim i'm about to do to class haha
going back to auburn with only 4 classes til its my spring break   about time thought it would never come but i have nothing to do during it   awesome
just woke up and the only person at my house   party party party haha yeah right lol
sorry for the posts earlier i went a wee bit overboard sorry about that
wow so the health care passed through the house   words can't describe how stupid i think those people are who voted yes are    annoyed 
i miss kindergarden and nap time
completed the first part of my assignment and i don't want to go to lab but today's weather has been awesome!!!!
will not be off campus til like 6 this blows but i finished my assignment today yay
finally home and shall be relaxing for the rest of tonight
is stuck in <propfirst> center working on memos and a report til 8 then going to a meeting in broun   talk about a long day!
is home at long last
watching we are marshall   awesome movie but i have to be in montgomery by 8am tomorrow
just woke up from a 2 hour nap  smile  now to laundry and studying for my calculus test
heck yea the dream lives come on duke vs butler finals
well the laptop is fixed don't know what happened but it works
just got done registering for classes and it looks like i'll be taking 11 hours in the summer and 17 hours in the fall 
why do i have to have a physics test tomorrow    annoyed 
"this week has been interesting   two tests and i met a self proclaimed christ jesus, resident of ohio, at 5am in the library while studying who called me atheist   haha what more can i say than interesting lol"
well last night was fun and  today i go to the auburn vs lsu baseball game  war eagle!!!
well it's been about two months since my grandpa died and i think i finally have gotten back to my normal self before he died   love you and r i p grandpa <propfirst>
it appears my hard work today is starting to pay off after a few unintelligent moments  smile 
so i completed my program and then had it lost thanks to my lovely computer   but its a beautiful day outside  smile 
"<propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> dunn, <propfemale> j  mcdow just confused the mess out of me   8-o"
another beautiful day i wasted in lab   braves game tomorrow then a-day can you say awesome weekend   i can lol
well today hasn't been as good as i hoped    annoyed 
in <propfemale> for the braves game
this has got to end i've been woken up at sun rise 3 straight days w  a total of 10 hours of sleep   stupid blinds   but today is a-day so war eagle everyone!!!
has felt like crap this whole day going to go get some rest and hope i feel better tomorrow
10 hours of sleep and a lazy day is what i need to make it through this next week so 10 hours of sleep check and lazy day check haha  smile 
all this sleep is making me feel better again now to for another 3 hour nap!!!!
praise god my blinds are finally fixed!!!!!!
so i'm wondering why is fb chat being retarded and saying message error   
and here we go   to very stress and probably unfun week
correction after 5 hours of accomplishing nothing my head e playful loded   
thinks there should be a warning for assignment 10   causes serious headaches!!!!!
i absolutely hate fb mobile   i just got over 100 texts in like 30 minutes and my phone looks like it is having a seizure   thanks for notificating me friends
i am in a desperate need of the weekend!!!!
so screw class tomorrow my weekend started today!!!!
has a few options for the weekend plans   hmm what to do???
the female gta for c prog is extremely homo and that's the most i can say on facebook   
i have 2 weeks to salvage what i can from this semester   crap this isn't looking good right now
i know its early in the season but its never good when the braves are behind the nationals in the division standings 
dear college of engineering you have controlled my life for the past 2 weeks because my lack of fortunes earlier this semester and my grades dropping so i would appreciate if you could give me a break this summer with cal 2 and physics 2   haha we can dream right  smile 
holy cow a monster and a large cup of black coffee later is like wow   i've never been this awake ever!!!  smile 
taken it easy today before we crack down on finals for the week 
well i'm here in wetumpka with <propfirst> and vehicle is broke   not good
well i have 2 hours of a's so far
first well i'm done with c prog   party party party   crap i still have other finals and second avenged sevenfold is coming to birmingham sept  3   i know where i'm going to be that day  smile 
so i'm ready for finals to be over so i can chill and enjoy myself for a week!
needs some new studying music suggestions for the rest of finals thanks
ok enough joking around back to work
wishes 2am would get here so i can find out what i made on my calculus exam   
oh heck yea i made a 97 on my calculus final!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well its 6 hours a's and 5 hours b's so far   going to take some frustration out on a soccer ball  smile 
whew that was fun but man am i outta shape hhahahahahah
antistudying day was pretty awesome now to a lots of studying   oh tuesday will you please please get here as quick as possible!
would appreciate if <propfirst> cunningham would quit poking me at untimely moments
made breakfast for my mom happy mother's day!!!!
shall residing in the library for the next several hours doing nothing but physics   oh what a joy   
the more and more i'm looking at physics the more and more i realize how much i've slacked this semester
so i'm wondering am i a butthole or is it just to much stress affecting my personality   
finished with this miserable semester last 3 months hoping summer brings back normality for me  smile 
this is pure torture why can't my physics professor put grades on blackboard    
hell yeah i got a b in engineering physics!!!!!!
so i have brown hair but a red beard   capt red beard haha i'm in a good mood
man its great sleeping late annd sleeping through most of the day  smile 
finally got new tires for my truck   road trip!!!!! haha  smile 
for some odd reason i can't wait for classes to start this thursday
so i'm pretty sure my parent's desktop is messed up since it randomly reboots itself   thanks power outages you killed yet another electronic device
i have done nothing today and i'm sooooooo tired exhausted haha come on thursday
my eyes are dilated and the sun is too bright today but on different bright note i get a new york strip for supper tonight to celebrate me good grades
is back in auburn for summer classes 
so apparently 10% of overall grade in cal 2 is on a test i take monday   great  annoyed 
the best way to kick back after a 8am class is take a 3 hour nap haha now i wish there were some people who wanted to play soccer or idk just do something
so i'm hoping my weekend is more eventful than this past week  smile 
au baseball western division champs!!!! war damn eagle!!!
is way tired and could use some good rest tonight
i have rotten luck i don't sprain my ankle playing soccer i sprain it walking up the stairs  annoyed 
words cannot voice my frustration to calculus 2 right now
this 8am class is going to be the death of me
has been captain of the good ship fail boat for the past few days haha wonder what else i can goof up on
summer classes thou <propmale> he<propmale>less and evil
"agenda for weekend go to ths graduation, possibly go to hoover for sec tournament, and then study and do homework   oh yeah and catch up on sleep"
my cat just bit my ear   geez what's up with that haha
i just realized why i hate online homework   
war eagle!!!! bring on the the regional games this weekend
wow <propmale> federer just got beat and it wasn't by nadal   very strange
"so soderling and stosur for the french, auburn for the cws, holland for the wc and atlanta braves for the ws sounds like good bets after all the wackiness going on in sports right now"
down goes djokovic down goes djokovic heck to the yea
of all the days to feel like poo it had to be today    sad 
so i apparently have no talent for picking sports anymore
war damn eagle!!!!! and war damn crede simpson!!!!!!!!
it looks like auburn baseball tonight and god knows what for the rest of the week
war eagle good season guys
is hoping this week stops going down hill      
all i can do is laugh at the kind of week i've had haha its been that weird
= studying fail hahaha
just purchased tickets to see a7x sept 3rd in birmingham and the next day is auburn's first football game   that's going to be an epic weekend!!!
i'm redoing my ipod touch so any suggestions for music and or apps would be awesome   thanks!
i hate t-mobile i lost service all afternoon today    urgh  annoyed 
<propmale> of persia is a good movie though <propmale> gyllenhaal is still gay  playful 
is feeling like poopoo and doing physics calculus hw since waking up hasn't made my day much better   b- 
happy father's day   lost a few hairs on my hand today grilling for my dad hahaha
procastination thou shall be the death of me!!!
two thoughts   1  school classes suck because they keep me from watching wimbledon world cup   2  federer's comeback has inspired to learn tennis  smile 
probably should be studying for my mid term but i feel like a gh study break is in order  smile 
"so usa wins the group, roddick wins and isner is playing a marathon match   sounds like a good day for american athletes"
oh snap!!!! espn 3 is awesome i can watch 4 that's right 4 sporting events at one time   oh and go isner!
isner match suspended are you serious!!!!!
well the dutch gets slovenia in the wc and isner survived but i have a 79 in cal 2 right now   decent way to start the weekend 8-)
its just one of those days      
hates having intellectual moments because they cause me to question everything   its easier being dumb sometimes haha
heck yeah south <propfemale> wins  sec back to back
well federer is out   oh well blink-182 saves the day from a boring day of studying
heck to the yeah the dutch beat brazil and i do believe that i beasted my physics test today!!!!
having a tummy ache and studying for cal 2 is a lethal combination
so my teach made a mistake i made a 70 not a 35 on my last cal 2 quiz and i made a 77 on my physics test oh yeah its a good day
after hours of fighting with my wireless internet and blackberry i've given up today trying to fix them  annoyed 
in the words of p  diddy technology is mind f@#$ing me right now
about to get my re-education in tennis on hahaha
crap one of these days i'm going to realize that a sunday due date on homework means its due then and not that i can only work on it sunday haha
7 hrs and 3 movies later   harry potter boycott is officially over haha
oh yeah just got my football tickets today! war damn eagle!!!!!
always look on the bright side of things and be positive those are the true keys to happiness and success haha i hope
oh weekend how its so nice of you to come visit me  laugh 
is officially no longer captain red beard  smile 
curse you studying   totally wish i was a super genius so i could just chill before tests and not study
will be enjoying some much deserved rest tonight
has messed up my wrist   wonderful  annoyed 
this week just keeps getting better and better   not
these next 2 weeks = much stress
great my hand is swollen up
well today has been a pretty awesome day  wink 
3 days and 3 tests until i'm free for 2 weeks  smile 
stress how nice of you to join me for the next two days   
this is pure torture   
summer semester over and done   i need to recharge and get ready for whatever the fall has in store   wde
best 13 hours of sleep i've had in weeks   totally refreshing and needed
auburn is 23 in the usa today preseason poll wde!!!!
no braves game tonight for me    sad 
haha people never stop surprising me  playful 
so i'm thinking eating 30 hot wings was a bad idea haha
never ever again   argh my stomach haha
shall be a resident of auburn again tomorrow  smile 
oh how my guitar hero skills have left me in one month haha
correction   definitely not ready for classes now after i know who my professors are hahaha
i guess people change    sad 
fell and hit my head in the floor and was knocked out for about an hour   not feeling to great
well it appears that i don't have a concussion whew  smile 
this is going to be one freaking ausome semester!!!
is in love!!!  smile 
about to hunt down <propfirst> dunn in a second for lunch   this should be interesting 
auburn ranked 22 on the ap poll!!! wde!!!!
mother of god i like hip-hop rap now   say wha haha
so how abouts i'm having trouble adding 1's and 0's what the crap
loves auburn university for its beautiful   scenery!!!!  smile 
noooooooo!!!!! just ruined my homework with orange juice   2 hours wasted  annoyed 
eh its just one of those days   
well this weekend turned sour quickly   ready for a7x concert and the 1st auburn football game wde!!!!
1 month ago this is not were i thought i would be    just got to go with what life throws at you sometimes and act happy   
oh monday why are thee so cruel to me haha
epic weekend starts now!!!! wde!!!
avenged sevenfold!!!!!!!!
feels like a zombie right now
hmmm to study for differential equations test or watch federer    federer hahah
happy birthday to the grooviest old man i know my dad!!!! and war eagle!!!!!
auburn wins a defensive battle!!! wde!!!!!
why oh why does my engineering professors feel the need to give homework over the weekend???
so i think for the first time in a month i'm motivated and happy!!!
i honestly believe being a nice guy is a waste of my time    
got a high five from aj greene after the game   ausome!!!! and that was one heck of a game one of the best i've ever seen!!!! wde!!!!! and to a night of celebrating!!!!!
learned a very valuable life these past few weeks   care only about yourself and no one else since the person you least e playful ect will lie and use you or people will turn on you for no reason   
its been a rough day   maybe this week will get better
4-0!!! war damn eagle!!!!
auburn is ranked 10th in the ap poll!!! wde!!!!
this week is going to be the most stressful i have til probably finals   great!!!
is thinking i was insane for the class schedule i made for this semester haha
grammar skills dead after 24 hours of no sleep   3rd try   please weekend get here so i can have my date   with the back of my eyelids!
night #2 of no sleep begins now   so sleepy but must study    
oh the joys that the college of engineering brings me in the form of tests and lab reports   
talk about a wild wild day of football!!! war damn eagle!!!!
got an interview with southern company tomorrow wish me luck!!!
auburn wins and i won a autographed football by <propfirst> chizik!!!!!!  ausome day!!!!  smile 
war damn eagle!!! #1
in honor of san <propfemale> being the world champs i'm going to channel my inner <propfirst> <propmale> for no shave november haha
in the library for an all nighter for my circuit analysis test   wde!
curse thee engineering hw curse thee!!!
11-0 and sec west champs!!!! war damn eagle!!! atlanta here we come
please thanksgiving break get here as quickly as possible!! i'm tired of homework lol
just 2 more days!!!! heck yea
on a sad note i just realized i'll be in tallassee all next week   the one good note i'll at least have some good food from the parentals yay!!!
<propmale> potter premiere tonight woohooo!!!
"hey alabama, hey alabama! we just beat the hell out of you rammer jammer yellow hammer go to hell alabama!!!! and its great to be an auburn tiger!!!!"
auburn is #1 in state and the country!!!! wde!!!
ready to watch the sec championship game in the auburn arena!
omg!!! wde!!!!
sec champs!!!
so auburn plays for the national championship on my birthday   it must be a sign lol
praise god i avoided an academic nightmare this semester   but this semester has been nothing but a nightmare    annoyed 
correction this semester is officially an academic nightmare    sad 
christmas tree up now time for some hot chocolate!
it feels awesome to wake up at 1 and know i haven't missed anything important lol
"the family cat, xena, passed away today  sad    it was a great 13 years"
kinda in the christmas mood but not really   
so it snowed on christmas in alabama   yet another good sign for auburn haha  laugh 
two weeks til my birthday and national championship game heck yeah
so i have xbox live again and now my halo 3 disk works   great day
finds irony that the biggest play of the game for osu came from a player suspended for the next 5 games   so why not this one????
ready to return to auburn!!!
less than 24 hours away!!!!
wde!!!! greatest birthday ever!!!!!!!! love all of yall!!!!!
so its going to be hard to top my 20th bday!!! a national championship from auburn   wde!!
hopes cam has just as much success in the nfl as he did here at auburn! wce!
thinks <propmale> fairley is going to be a beast in the nfl! wde!!!
so the new official a7x drummer is arin ilejay   sounds like another reason to see them live again haha
damn you chemistry hw and keeping me from the weekend but at least auburn landed a top o-line prospect today wde!!!
not ready for class    
"sinus headache, slipping and falling on my ass, and wet pants   all thanks to this beautiful weather   "
an hour and a half of archer   my week just improved big time!!!!
"\the age of consent is 14\""-girl \""what is germany like the alabama of europe?\""-archer"""
its amazing how much you can do with a little motivation   
likes when it rains thunderstorms
studying and homework will be the death of me  annoyed 
4 surprise 0 am by a7x is pretty awesome   that and devil wears prada makes studying ok tonight
why the fook would anyone want to kill toomer's oaks   bastards!!!
"so who wants to find <propm<propmale>e> in dadeville, <propmale> right about now   "
i either dominated that chemistry test    or got raped   never a good sign
"so gift to self after surviving finals this semester trip to pensacola, fl for an avenged sevenfold and bullet for my <propfirst> concert!!! hurry up summer!!!!"
oh why must teachers cram so much work into the 2 weeks before spring break
sleep why do you elude me!!!
and here we go   to the last and stressful week before spring break
"2 tests, 1 essay, 1 program, and 1 chem lab til spring break   thats a lot of crap to do in the next 48 hours"
freedom!!!!!!
loves having classes they make naps so much more awesome  laugh 
has conquered the pounder and now has meh picture on the wall of cheeburger cheeburger!
kentucky!!!!!!!
thunderstorms make me sleepy but i have an essay due today   hmm how cruel of you mother nature
so i have twitter now   just another way to waste time and not study  laugh 
this week is going to be pure chaos it appears   come on summer!!!
my logic my be off here but i've only slept 13 hours this week and this week has flown by   so maybe i should do this every week   
just got <propmale> rolled by my cal 3 teacher lol
i like hiding in strange closets and getting my swag jacked
ok try number 2   i woke up feeling like <propfirst> sheen   winning and my left knee is swollen and extremely bruised    
plans for week   not a clue i just know i'm sleeping during the night this time
