e85e1ce5c66dc9d62b192647f0fed59b
im tired   
yawn
coaches tried to kill us at football today  and i can't eat a sandwhich!  sad !!!
"hay! thanks everyone who said happt birthday i love you all! except for you <propmale>, sorry, just no "
got h1n1  temp was 104 9 earlier 
la-lala-lala-lala     i know i should be working on debate    but i'm not 
all done with debate cases! at least for now    
omg i got third in jv at whatever tourney we were just at 
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works  dont do it its annopying as hell!"
yawn  i am sooooo ready to kill someone on saturday 
"in his favorite coat, immaculately smart as if invited-as if death were at home to him that day-he played a frenchman's part as everything went <propmale>  robespierre who'd managed two whole letters of his name, began to bleed to death with a frantic stare while all the other suicides manque messily followed suit  but <propfirst> <propmale> was beaming to himself as if to say"
read the mote i just posted    comment please   smile 
"very briefly, this was the single best facebook status of the decade "
"so, i went to the house church in burnsville tonight    wow  can't wait to go back tomorrow night for the youth group "
yay! the vikings are going to new orleans! i'm going to act all excited because i live in minnesota but deep on the inside i don't care 
why are there so many people who are my friends on facebook who i don't really know???
"bachelor is the sleeziest, most disgusting, hypocritical show of all fricking time!!!!!!"
i haven't been on facebook in like a billion years 
i made sections! now how exactly does that work?
"rfand  hahaha, thats what i get for sharp elbows "
is it creepy to subscribe to someone's status updates?
"im actually looking forward to tech weekend    gonna have to get some sleep though, and avoid my brother's chicken pox "
"got a haircut  if you have seen it, comment on whether its better or worse than before "
"great, great show  all i have to say "
"sleep? who gets any of that these days     i don't need it  i'll just be over here in the corner  awake  incapable of coherent thought, much l;ess speech, but awake  and probably doing homework  but don't worry, it'll be fine    just     four and a half fricking weeks!!!!!!!!! holy crap! yipee!!! i just made my own day   smile !"
does anyone ever wonder how they come across as to other people? what impression do i leave on people?
paaaaarrrrrtttttaaaayyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
choir concert went really really well!
like this status and i will send you a wall post saying something i like about you  set this as your status if you are brave 
"i don't think that the fact that i dont have any school for the next three months has clicked yet  i mean, i know it in my head, but it just hasn't registered on an emotional level yet  anyone feel the same way?"
looking forward to a crazy summer 
"ok  so i'm glad i got started working right away  no boredom, no re-adjusting  it's nice  and hey, i get paid to work!"
going to iowa  (yay    )
"ok  so this morning i was ttotally psyched to go to iowa  i was gonna go see family, maybe go fishing, and get away from my brothers for the weekend, right? all good stuff  mom made cinnamon rolls, and we ended up leaving close to 1 o'clock, me my grandparents and mom all headed down to pella, iowa  so we are now 3 and a half hours into the trip  (see next status)"
"now i like car rides as much as the next guy, especially with an mp3 player and a few good books, but at this point i'm going just a *<propfemale>* bit nuts  so mt grandma calls ahead to tell (insert relative here) that we're going to be late  but haha; the joke is on us! because the family reunion is not until next week  and now facebook is telling me my status is too long  in summary: f my life "
"listening to sappy love songs and missing someone, what else?"
"don't you just love it when you're just looking down your home <propfemale> for something to comment on, and then when you finally find something interesting, it's got about a billion comments on it and you're just like \screw it\""?"""
"debate camp=no time whatsoever for anything else you may want to do ever  i have not read a <propfemale> for recreation the past week, or even socialised wihout feeling guilty later because of the work i should've been doing  like right now  i *should* be reading the constitution for my lecture at 330, or writing the blocks that are due shortly therafter  but no, i'm on facebook "
"like this status and i'll tell you what i like about you, love about you, dislike about you, first impression about you and a confession about you "
"somehow, i think that the timing system on facebook isn't quite working properly    anyone else getting this?"
"finally back from camp, and now people want me to do things     lamesauce "
equality is a lie 
"one would think a dryer would get *rid* of liquids when you put something into it  oddly enough however, it did the exact opposite when i accidentally left my chapstick in my jeans pocket, as i discovered a few moments ago   "
is there a mute button on my brain?
"if anyone just happens to be really bored and in downtown minneapolis at about 1 smile 0 tomorrow, the writing class i've been taking at the loft is going to be in the performance hall performing some of the dark fiction we've spent the past week writing   smile   should be fun!"
"just posted a note which everyone should read  it's something i've been writing for a writing class i've been taking this past week, and i'd really appreciate some feedback  thanks!"
"i posted a note which everyone should read  it's something i've been writing for a writing class i've been taking this past week, and i'd really appreciate some feedback  thanks!"
"<propfemale> <propfemale> lynum, my profile picture is clearly fork tines, not a shower curtain "
"<propfemale> <propfemale> lynum, my profile picture is clearly fork tines, not a shower curtain "
"is realizing there is music on my mp3 player that i have never heard, and in some cases do not like "
it took me half a minute of trying to understand the lyrics to realize the song i was listening to was in spanish  boy am i tired 
just drank some of the grapiest grape juice i have ever had the pleasure of drinking 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i had a great time yesterday  to all those who did not; shame on you!!!!!!!
what a wonderfully relaxing morning i had with <propfirst> fix and <propfirst> herskind!
"you know what really sucks? looking for your won glasses  glasses are difficult to find under regular circumstances; they are small, and mostly clear  the problem is compounded when you cannot see a frigging thing!!! also, i love my cat   smile  "
status=note i just posted  too long for status bar 
"50 friends on facebook, but i don't feel like chatting  its been a long day "
is wearing salmon today 
is wondering how well ld fares as an activity when plugged into a utility calculus   
"autotune the sermon;\autotune the sermon;\word of god sounds better autotuned!\\if this isn't a thing it should be "
"just figured out what <propfirst> possible meant when she said \what's the sich?\"""""
"holy crap  what a perfect day  first, 2nd place at my first varsity debate tournament ( hogan mcdonald does deserve credit here for my ac), then a solid nap followed by a magnificent dinner and a wonderful dance with a beautiful young woman  i have got to be one of the luckier people on the planet right now "
"feels a little sad when he sees a status with a ridiculous amount (say, 2 smile  comments  i wish i could say something so meaningful or inflammatory "
<propfirst> beck uses fear tactics to control the public's political views  you know who else did that? hitler 
"\i am you  unless you're a witch \""\",e85e1ce5c66dc9d62b192647f0fed59b,"i split  bleh  still 6-4 on the topic though, so not overly disappointed "
"ok, cieders, larpers, i think i may have a reasonable compromise here  deont, until the point at which a human would die as a result of your actions  then util  see? was that really so hard?"
"hmm    homework, or facebook? which will rand decide?"
mom's in the hospital with a migraine  prayers'd be cool 
debate prevents me from having views on anything 
"its pretty definatly naptime, and will be until 8 oclock tomorrow  gosh darn it theater "
"and as one door (maybe) closes, another appears  is it open? we shall find out "
"i promote violence and cause brain damage, and have an insidious hold on the impressionable youth  i am a popular recreation for college and high school students and a gateway to dangerous illegal drugs \\what am i?\\answer in 24 hours "
"\nobody knew his secret ambition; nobody knew his claim to fame\"""""
scylla= <propfemale> potter (theater director) karibdis=rick brundage (debate coach)  except in this case its more of a venn diagram 
"so the story goes, i did well in prelims, broke, got my apple and bowed out in the octofinal round     ya, thats the story "
"life sucks and then you die, am i right?"
just double-dosed on red death flavor nyquil after another great performance  love you guys!
"i for one, had an excellent thanksgiving weekend full of good friends and good food, and hopes everyone else did too   smile "
wow  does it really feel like a whole trimester has gone by?
"i feel like in order to mean something i has to be excepetional at something  noticable for some characteristic  which is unfortunate because i am not  i'm a smart kid, but not the smart kid  theres nothing unique or particularly great about me  except for the few people closest to me nothing would change if i had never been born, and if i wasn't then they would have a different (fill-in-the-blank)  what's the point?"
"tomorrow, i shall write something "
"one ses application down, none to go  booya "
i really need to see some people outtside of school  it has been far too long 
i feel really sick   
life is a musical  learn to sing so you don't get cut 
"<propfirst> earthworm , you have just successfully wasted, like, eight hours of my life  and i mean that in the nicest way possible "
hey everyone!!! read the story i just posted and leave lots of comments 
"christmas <propfemale> is so great  i got a new phone, a new hat, some gloves,  and some excellent pajamas  but the best part was getting to spend time with close friends and family   smile  "
it sounds like a really terrible idea    but what if it isn't?
nothing to do on a saturday? no! this cannot happen! someone help!
suck to be an arizonian today   
who's got two thumbs and got asked to <propfemale>'s tonight? this guy 
"mr hayes says we can get arrested this weekend in honor of <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr, so long as it's for a cause "
just died and went to heaven  cookies and cream kemps with a sliced up banana  proof that god loves me 
is pretty happy about his plan scores 
"if i were a speech judge, and the last hour and a half was the final round, my ballot would look a little something like this annoyed obama: 1 94  energy was a bit down, but overall good presentation and great content  \ryan: 2 88  poor presentation  you're also wrong "
"should i double-enter? and if so, in what?"
"um, ya?"
is watching history unfold
voice is shot and it's
"feels vaguely discontented  not sure why  things have actually been going really really well  i have nothing to be upset about, but i just don't feel happy "
unt perhaps?
"(ocd+depression)^debate= sometimes, in my quiet moments, life really sucks "
"was robbed yesterday, by my third round judge "
existential angst  fml 
"well, my ankle is the size of a softball, but gosh darn i'm going to nationals "
"so, my ankle is not quite broken, and i should be at school tomorrow on crutches "
\i don't have a lot of prospects, that can give some kind of peace\e85e1ce5c66dc9d62b192647f0fed59b,terribly bored 
"i also like my men like my coffee, in that i'm not sexually attracted to either "
