7e5e71695671a338094c415ed5c860ec
is begining to regret giving her brother the icy hot patches
is being forced to spring clean and hates it 
has writer's block for her book and has no idea what to do 
"really, really hates spring cleaning especially when it isn't spring!"
is about to go venture out into the frezing coldness to go do what she loves 
if ya don't get it the first time then ya don't wanna know  if ya can't keep up with me then ya don't really wanna 
"my friends may be crazy, but they make my world go round and i would be lost with out them "
is really tired of shoveling snow
doesn't know home much more snow she can take  especially since she just watched a big plow get stuck and have to get shoveled out
isn't sure she can take much more of being stuck in the house with her brother 
went riding through the snow and then had her <propmale> shepherd tackle her into the snow when she got home! yay <propmale> shepherd!
going to see <propfemale> in wonderland!!!!!!!!1
saw <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d and it was awesome!
first day of spring!
"is really, really sick of rain at the moment "
"we only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away "
protested school budget cut backs by <propfemale> at school today cause it caused our teachers to get laid off and fired  had so much fun sitting out on the turff feild with my friends laughing and getting our pics taken!
blowing leaves has killed my shoulders
"oh the endless possiblilities of what liv's foal can be  yay for foal watch and the amusement of making sure no one falls asleep by watching violent movies - e playful losions, guns, car crashes  so much fun"
so tired from staying up late last night  it was fun though  we didn't do anything more than what we had to today  so i went out to the feild and sat on a sleepy <propmale> and then went back inside to watch some tv  now i'm gonna take a shower and then probably pass out on my bed 
possibly getting a new puppy! that'll make it three dogs and five cats
gots a new puppy! she is adorable! her name is <propfemale> and we are coming up with a registered name 
stuck home babysitting the new puppy
finally home and able to relax
"i really don't care if you start a rumor about me to get back at me  that's babyish, immature, and stupid  and i'm really just gonna ignore you  cause i don't care; since i know it's not true and my actual friends know it isn't true "
cars are begining to look like a really unreliable way to get around  three cars dying in two weeks  that's got to be some sort of record 
"barn work all day, staying over tonight, and then barn work tomorrow!"
"so tired  eat, shower, sleep"
"oh the strange conversations that begin and never end during lunch  good times, and yet some rather scary times "
is wondering how in the hell snails got into her fish tank  they laid a ton of eggs and now i have baby snails all over my fish tank  and my dragonfish loves to eat them 
finished burned now on to kiss of death
debating taking a cold shower and passing out on my bed with the fan going     hmmmmmm
loves how fish keep randomly appearing in her tank 
"so much to do, so little time to do it in  and yet it still must get done "
"so very, very bored "
loves how her mom almost set the house on fire  go mom
tired and wet  still tired from preparing for model <propfemale> - i still love iran's answer to a question about nuclear weapons - and wet from being out in a down pour when i got home 
entirely too bored 
off to make homemade chocolate cake and frosting!
i am getting so annoyed at people who are taking and using my characters as their own! i mean seriously?! like i'm not gonna notice! it's my site to help new and out coming writers!
really tired  gonna take a shower and then pass out on my bed
is eating sour <propfemale> 
just got home from stable  soaking wet from rain! and with two broken boots! off to take shower then to wallmart!
is in the mood to bake things  already made homemade brownies and cupcakes  i wonder what else i can make
off to see if i can get my boots repaired or if i'd be better off buying new ones!
i absolutely hate my dad's puppy! she chews on one more thing of mine and i think i'm gonna shot her!
finals suck! i'm so tired of them! thank god they are slmost over!
sooo tired  contemplating taking a soak and then passing out on my bed or taking a shower and then passing out on my bed 
no more school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
reading dark flame
"barn tomorrow and sun  mon, wed, and fri at winslow to help with a camp  tues beach  thurs barn  then we do it all over again!"
"the most obvious answer to a really stupid question  mom: \what were you doing downstairs?\"" me: \""washing laundry \"" mom: \""why?\"" me: \""'cause i need clothes?!\"""""
went swimming and <propmale> out with <propfemale> vichiconty  then went to the stable  next to see eclipse with <propfemale>!
cleaning my room and playing with my cat  he's high on catnip  it's funny
well i accidentally got sun in in my hair  didn't quite e playful ect it to work that well  now my hair is strawberry blond-ish 
so tired but i can't fall asleep! this sucks!
it is too hot!!!!!!!! just got home from working with my mom! i was dying because it was so hot!
"jacob: \i kissed bella       and she broke her hand       punching my face       a little misunderstanding \"" my favorite line in the entire movie """
"tent - check\air mattresses - check\bug spray - check\towels - check\pillows - check\flashlights lantern - check\air mattress pump - check\snacks - check\batteries - damnit! i knew i was forgetting something!"
just today and tomorrow and then a week of real vacation! no drama from my brother or my father!!!!
i finally got the green spotted puffer fish i wanted!
looks like another long night  bother's having a party in the basement again 
relaxing at home and then off to morristown memorial for bloodwork  yay 
"this is me, what you get is what you see  this is me, who i am is who i'll always be  \perfectly, imperfect, wouldn't change a thing  this is me "
"only four more days until i leave for a \vacation\"" to missouri to visit family  not sure how this qualifies as a vacation """
"yay for some last minute packing  the road trip ought to be fun  two days in the bronco with my dad, my mom, and my dad's dog  oh joy "
oh so very tired after a long trip back from missouri  loved spending time with family 
has had a lot to think about since comming back from missouri  but i know one thing for sure  home is where the heart is 
first day of school = one huge headache
went and saw the mustangs at the faigrounds saw two that i really liked  one of them was already adopted - he was a huge black gelding with high stockings - and the other has yet to be adopted - she's a fairly big black mare with no white on her  would have liked to adopt her but gots no money to do so 
just rescued her cat from the pouring rain
my back hurts and my knees hurt  thank you to my brother's <propmale> shepherd for tackling me to the ground 
just had a very eventful afternoon and never wants to leave house again  now my hands hurt and my wrist 
"thinks she's gonna hid out in her room tomorrow  bruises, cuts, and coughing don't mix very well"
has the house to herself and is really bored
going to the headless horseman on sunday
i need to stop leaving my facebook signed in on the family computer
"decisions, decisions, decsions  why do i always end up having to make decisions about something that i'm not gonna like either way it goes?"
"well, interesting day  got hit on by college guy  apparently now i am in college  then and worked with my girl and gots her blanket on  and then watched the babies be special while trying to feed them  and then watching people be complete morons while driving  i kinda wanna stay home and hide from the maddess tomorrow"
went to lounge lyric today but ended up hosing off her leg instead
is making chocolate chip cookies
"really, really sore today  i think i'm gonna sleep on a heating pad tonight "
looks like another night spent with a heating pad on my knee  so glad i don't have gym tomorrow
loosing my voice and just got burned by boiling water  thanks mom
home and ckeaning the kitchen before baking cookies  this ought to be interesting
almost has lyric's tattoo down! just gotta recheck one more letter number
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!
frosting cookies    again  when is it gonna end????
"dear wind, i would greatly appreciate it if you would stop vibrating my house so i can sleep tonight!"
omg! if everyone in my house would shut up maybe i wouldn't have a migraine! and instead of yelling maybe they could try asking quietly if there is anything that would help!
finally got all of lyric's tattoo!
is so not getting any sleep tonight 
so it's been an interesting week  and it's only monday!
"shower, dinner, sleep  sounds like a plan to me  and there better not be school tomorrow!"
is making cookies because of sheer boredom
"has had one hell of a day  want to get warm, eat, and then head to bed  hoping tomorrow isn't as hectic!"
to walmart to get some heavy duty thread and sewing needles
well that was a fun almost four hours spent a the er
i would  get a type of tendonitis from hitting my wrist on something  well no gym for two weeks  or anything else that involves using my left hand
making fudge
fudge came out awesome  i love being the only one in the house that can make it
still not allowed to ride or do gym or anything with my left wrist for at least another week  basically i can't do anything until i get a cortazone shot in my wrist  this sucks
"is really not liking this idea of cold and very, very <propfemale> days after having a 60 degree day "
