f6214933752e1dac3188d3f1d5def928
"good morning, love and abundance to all"
"i,m trying to get caught up with all the hugs, i love you all   "
"my oldest son koda and his awesome fiance are getting married on sat   i,m <propfemale> excited and proud  theyer growing up  "
"<propfirst> , i had an awesome time with you and the girls , thankyou  "
"happy thanksgiving to all of you , remember to be grateful, for all the simple blessings that surround us   "
"even in the middle of chaos, there is joy  a simple smile from your child ,the sun coming out on a cold day  a hug from a friend  and damn do i need hugs, thank god i have friends "
"happy new year everyone , i love you all ba safe !!!!"
"i have internet again, happy happy , joy,joy    "
thankyou to all of you for my birthday wishes  
"i had an awesome b-bay, spent it with good friends  and made an awesome meal  pot roast and crab  tonight is t2   cherbear and <propfemale> say they will join me   anyone else ?"
"my penis fell off in the car wash, gah!"
"ok , so funny story    my son hacked my site  yes i love penis,s   but i don,t think i lost one   by the way he,s dead meat  gotta love being a perent of a 14 year old  "
happy easter to all and have a blessed day    sondra and <propfirst>  
i gotta feeling   tonights gonna be a good good night   i got a job!!!!!goodwill in the book dept  how perfect   life is amazing  yay me !!!
"we,ve lost another one to the angels     all of us trino,s fans <propmale> passed away   doing what he loved  <propfirst> found him at trino,s this morning   he will be missed   i love you <propmale>   r i p "
"<propmale> peterson,s memorial will be held at the church of latter day saints 2730 hurley way sacramento  at 1 surprise 0 pm on saturday may 8th 2010   a celebration of <propmale>,s life will be at t2 ( formally trino,s ) at 1443 fulton ave  sacramento around 3 surprise 0 pm , it is a potluck so bring a dish if you please , come help us celebrate !!!! we love you <propmale>    "
"update    t2 (formally trinos ) del,s pot luck will be held at t2 at 5 smile 0 on friday the 7 th 1433 fulton ave  , come share your memories    the memorial will still be held on saturday 1 surprise 0 at the lds church 2730 hurley way   "
"happy mothers day      i have to work all day , don,t get off untill 7 , but i know i,m blessed to have a job , so i,ll be there with bells on   oh happy days  love you all"
"this is <propfirst> hacking my mom while she's at work to tell her happy mothers day,  love   i still have no idea when she gets off of work anyway,  surprise  "
"hey everyone, my lady ms svannah miller  is deploying , she,s airforce , she has two well behaved dogs and they need a good home stout and marlow are awesome , does,nt have to be the same home , they are  well loved can any body help her out , she,s based at <propfirst> now , you can go to my friends list  and see photos of the dogs on her site   "
happy fathers too all     please enjoy them   i miss mine  
"spinach dip is made  salami cream cheese roll ups   check  make up is on   yes i,m wearing make up  sons skinny jeans look awesome  it,s off to the mapel room i go   hi ho hi oh   ready ladys ?"
"happy 4 th everyone ,i start work at 6 am this morning    woo woo me  lol at least i get off early   i love you all !! have a blessed and safe day   <propfemale> ( mama )"
"please leave me a message on here if anybody\ can give me a ride to serenity's birthday party   i would appreciate it\ if someone could, i live near trino's   i lost my phone so you cant \call me so just leave me a message on here or on my wall  also, im getting a new phone in about 3-4 days so if you could leave your <propfirst> on here id appreciate it   thankyou, love\ you all ~mama   ~written by her son "
"its, an awesome be- you- tiful day , i love all of you !!!!!"
"my son is 15 today , i,m very blessed with the most amazing , talented children , he,s playing his new guitar for me , and is damn good at it  !!!!"
"my son's a whore, he had sex with his dog!!"
i like vaginas
"did i say i was blessed ? mmm will he make it to 16, now thats the ?"
"my girl <propfemale> hagar , gets the reward for bringing back old memories, and giggles ,  do you remember giggling girls ?"
"live , love and laugh , enjoy with all of your heart the people who are close to you , i have been blessed with the best , remember those who have gone home , and know they are always with us , i miss ya dad"
"a night in with my son and gentleman , and he is a gentle man , smothered steak , you know one of mama,s   meals   live music played by my awesome talented son <propfirst> and  i am blessed by the most incredible friends and family , thank you all for being a part of my life , <propfemale>   mamaluvs you all  "
"lets\ see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend \list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not \only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my \friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your \ status  i'll be watching to see who      really does <propfemale> family \& friendship  thank you for being a part of my life"
"life is amazing , even when a song brings tears , i,m blessed with amazing friends and family, and an awesome support system, deep sigh    new beginnings are only growth , even when letting go  hurts , i,d rather hurt than feel nothing at all    love ya"
"i,m hooka  ing too with 2 beautiful ladys   life is good!!!!"
"had an awesome family weekend , was blessed to see my brother erics kids and my new niece <propfemale>, ahhh so cute plus the added  bonus of meeting my stepsons son <propfirst> jr soooo handsome   i am one blessed woman  isn,t life grand!!!!"
"happy thanksgiving, i,m blessed to have you all in my life !!!!!! going to my sons in turlock yay me!!!!"
cheese
"as wise as i think myself  to be , when i turn around i still meet me   when i love with heart and soul , i touch the core of humanity , i m here to live not just exist , passion ,joy ,truth ,love , i,d rather hurt than feel nothing at all, , just having a moment,love you ~ mama"
hi ho hi ho its off to work i go    wheres my umbrela ?
"are we ready ladys  ? official ladys spirit nite in !!!! we got the sangria gently brewing , margaritas and food that would make any woman tremble with delight , prepare to giggle until we pee our pants , eat , pray and ,love  mmmm power sinplicity equals brilliance !!"
smoked gouda with gooey melted brie on garlic bread sensous life is good with the ladys
"what an amaziing nite with my girls , laughter and joy , that touched us deep in our souls ,perfection , feeling   really ,the pure smiles of just being togethr as woman in allowing flow and abundance to surround us  damn life is good   lve you all gnite"
goodnight
"its too early , mom!!! i don,t wanna get up ! just sayin , have a blessed day , share a smile , giggle at least once   love you all"
"came home last nite ,made awesome spaggeti!!! watched eat, pray ,love  a very me movie awesome !,went to sleep at 11 smile 0 ,woke up at 1 smile 0 ,2 smile 0 ,have been awake since 3 smile 0 it,s gonna be a very long day  coffee anyone !! bring me starbucks please!!!! love you all"
"its 34 degrees , that means it,s hella cold    don,t wanna leave my bed , sometimes   but only sometimes ,i wish i had one of those sweaty men to cuddle up with , they make awesome heaters! just sayin , love you all have an awesome day !"
"me my awesome roomate <propfemale> ,and 5 people from work r going to t2 tonite , they wanna hear us sing ,mamas gonna do her thing , lets show them how karaokes done !!!"
"happy holidays , and <propfemale> christmas !!! i love you all !"
"i so enjoy how simple drama free my life is , i,m blessed with amazing family and friends , and coworkers ,i,m cooking up a little orange curry cranberry chicken stirfry , mmmm the house smells great and i,m so grateful to have my computer fixed , i love you all , lets have an awesome year !!"
hi !!!
"do you really want to know ? i enjoy all of you , and i  love stopping with my self ,  but sometimes     i really miss you guys your all <propfemale> awesome !!! and you know who you are     tee <propfemale> all of ya      mamaluvs    alot !!!"
"cuddled in bed with my man , watching the libertine ,w  <propfirst> depp eating cheese omelets, hash browns,large glass of  milk, life is      buttered all the way to the edges !!! ladys nite in    with my girls     and ( drum roll ) mic and <propfemale> dropped off my christmas decorations thaxs you guys , could life b more fab !!!!"
"today is barbie,s birthday , we are going to t2,s (formally know as trino,s) we will giggle laugh and be hella silly please join us  leave all drama at home , we don,t have time for it , bobbys coming in from the bay  it,s ladys nite out i love you sis !!!!!"
"thankyou to all , i havn,t made plans     because me and my girls signed the lease on a house sooo ( drumroll ),i ,m getting my stuff out of storage for the first time in 2 1 2 years what a birthday presest !!! i need a dryer, and a double bed frame w  headboard !!! i want off the floor , sleigh bed wuld be nice ,hey i can dream , i love you all !"
"i said in my status i needed a double bed , nope i need a <propfemale> bed frame i love my mattress just need frame and headboard , hell a bedroom set would be awesome and the dryer , six kids 3 woman 1 house a must !  mama,s soooo excite"
"still moving ,tonite is our first nite in the new house yay !!!"
"warning !!! i,m a legal licence,s driver again , isn,t life amazing !!!!! yay me !!!!"
