356bfefef9103f590a00b3023d592711
working  setting this stuff up for when i get home 
sitting at work    party tonight  so ready!
work work work  can't wait till time to go  sad 
sitting at the house  my wallet got stolen last night  sad   people keep hating 
workin  im tired  sad  and its hot 
working once again  off tomorrow  maybe the fair?? maybe   
working till six  blah
is workin now!
workin!
workin till six 
my phone died  sad  so now all i have is this to play wit 
"morning! working today, but off tomorrow! yay  smile "
working! can't wait till morning
workiing! forever and ever
working  smile  i hate him for real
i do too  smile 
working off tonight  so ready to go home!
chilling with some friends   work in the morning hit up the cell!
working till six  what's up??
"terrible, terrible, terrible"
just checked in
at work  phone is dead  anyone online??
workin  what's up 
working  off tomorrow 
work   
working overtime tomorrow and wednesday! yay  smile 
i love my mom!? for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today  please copy and paste to your profile! ;~} some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate  so make sure you appreciate them while they are still here!!  smile )
workin! what's up? tunica in the morning 
working    back from tunica  pretty damn fun man
second valentines day in a row  sad 
working  got a new haircut  pictures in a second 
morning!
"working, working, working  smile "
morning! lets hear it for monday! it's my sister from another mister's 21st b-day everyone send her birthday wishes 
working  hope everyone's day is going great!
morning!
is the fair still going on? or did they cancel it for rain?
on my way to work   
going swimming!
swimming again new pics of the new doo soon!
pulling up to work! have a great evening 
good morning world! ready to suck today's    you know  laugh 
on the way to work! everyone have a great monday 
now the proud owner of a <propmale> size bed thank you <propfemale> and family!
working tonight  off this weekend  hells yea!
mission accomplished  laugh 
"morning drive  ah, how refreashing "
time to go home    almost!
is on the way to work! have a great evening everyone 
"i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now   "
mmmm
work all night  tunica on wednesday wish me luck
good morning oh beautiful world!
"shawty you my medicine  i think need, i think i need, i think i need my medicine "
there are only two ways to live your life  one is as though nothing is a miracle  the other is as if everything is  does anyone know who the author of this quote is?
thanks for all the birthday wishes! heading out for tunica here in a bit  keep me in your prayers tonight!
back to work  it amazes me how much a birthday can change how you look at things 
"it is always good to know, if only in passing, charming human beings  it refreashes one like flowers and woods and clear <propmale> "
"no longer forward nor behind\\i look in hope and fear;\\but grateful take the good i find,\\the best of now and here \ \<propfirst> g  whittier"
"tick tock, tick tock, tick tock    come on six!!!"
"the more time you spend trying to improve yourself, the less you have to notice the state of others "
good morning! (from under the covers  smile 
good morning!
"sooooo tired  long long day, but i'm satisfied "
wow what a week! here's to the weekend  night all  laugh 
"what will you do to help someone along the way? \just a touch, a smile as you turn the other cheek \pray for your enemies, humble yourself, love's staring back at me \in the midst of the most painful faces \angels show up in the strangest of places\\~skillet (looking for angels)"
happy thanksgiving to all my wonderful facebook friends! i'm thankful for all of you!
farmville is pissing me off!
it's snowing!  laugh 
"all you people can't you see, can't you see\how your love's affecting our reality\every time we're down \you can make it right\and that makes you larger than life   \\~backstreet boys - larger than life"
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, dec  6  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same "
it's cold!
almost time to go! so ready for all this time off 
christmas is coming too fast!
now it's on  laugh 
what a beautiful morning! <propfemale> christmas all my wonderful friends  laugh 
it`s so cold!
thunder snowstorm! amazing 
it feels like a faith hill kind of morning   laugh 
"i may be going stag for yet another valentines day, but at least i got a pretty pink unicorn on farmville!! ily fv!"
cheers to the freakin weekend  i drink to that!
telemarketers who disturb my life to be rude to me can suck on my big freakin toe after a shift in steel toes  that is all 
"sticks and stones may break my bones, but   "
it's sick that all these battles are what keeps me satisfied 
life's too short to be sitting round miserable  people gonna talk whether you doing bad or good 
"every time i see a big black cloud of birds now i'm scared their all going to fall from the sky dead  what an irrational, strange fear "
why does time have to fly by so fast! i feel like i don't have time to live anymore 
sometimes i get you  sometimes i don't understand  why is everything with you so complicated?
mmmm cap'n crunch oh yeah!
a <propfemale> for my thoughts oh no i'll sell 'em for a dollar their worth so much more after i'm a goner  funny when your dead how people start listening  the band <propfirst> oh how awesome you are!
"there's no need to rush  it's going to happen when it's supposed to happen, and we find the reasons why one step at a time "
there's always that one person that will always have your heart  you never see it coming cuz your blinded from the start   
"i can't breath when you talk to me  i can't breath when your touching me  i suffocate when your away from me, so much love you take from me; i'm going out of my mind "
"i'm on the right track, baby  i was born to survive "
your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul  don't come back for me; don't come back at all  who do you think you are?
i can't breath when you talk to me  i can't breath when your touching me  i suffocate when your away from me 
"had an amazing night with friends last night! i love me some <propfemale> bastin, <propmale> casteel, and <propmale> brannon  you mean the world to me "
