1e87ebc257726bcd8407b08d7c41283b
its usually where the flu is a harmless thing that you hear of until it actually gets you  talk about bad <propfemale>  and right before finals too    
a day off  now to get caught up on homework and exams for saturday  this school has no mercy for the lazy  playful 
now to sit in wait and prepare for the trip back to the military institute
i wouldn't believe it  but tis be the air force life for me~
now the energy is gone  period 
"totally studied for the wrong thing    gotta restudy something else in 20 minutes before i head in for the exam, cramming sure hurts "
whoever came up with army field <propmale> fm 3-21 5 must've had a sense of humor when he named it 
hypocrites and politics don't mix (\\(\\;; ) )
"i don't know about you, but fiesta time is going to be coming around the corner!"
"to square one i go, where i once had to know about the one foe who i let overcome me  now i sit in a class full of chaps who have arguments over who gets shot by a bag named shuhgurr    i was picked   "
"well, that doesnt matter anymore  so much for artificial food "
"muchas gracias to those recognizing my birthday lol  it just means more schooling is in store for me, bleh  "
i have convlnced myself that i cannot pronounce linguistic english anymore  too hard to try 
"well, 11th place at nationals isn't bad  just means we have to do better, but with a different team    oh how my head hurts when i think about the 4d e playful erience    motion sickness   "
"no silly award is going to make me different, only someone for everyone to watch fail sometime down the line  all i think is that the greatest reward is from within, depict with your own heart what it matters to you  rawr  "
"yeah!!!!!! i guess all thats good, ends well, and leaves just one more story to tell  to the people i will never see again, i salute you! x x"
"now to continue my journey, bearly being among uncivilized for one night, i head north, or rather, dead west to see the center of new mexico for 11 days less than a fort night  how bout them apples?"
"ll excuse ameeeoooooww, a hot cat just came into sight  lol so how bout them tacos  laugh "
"uh, jafafa~"
"okay   if everything is an illusion and nothing exists; then in that case, i \definitely overpaid for my carpet "
"and just like that, *poof* a taco "
"schlitterbahns, oh yes!"
only in texas can you find a taqueria thats open from 8 in the morning to 10 smile 0 at night  smile 
why are potatoes good predators?
"dont play when you think your going to lose  play when you know you have everything to lose, only few to gain, and a mentality to follow through to the very end "
"fine then, look at a leaf and detoxify yourself  smile "
i: feel like 20 bucks & a nickel  q: will that buy me a coke?
do you like waffles?
"in the attempts to dry clean early, 5 out of 7 white shirts come back a cream white  what's up with that?"
i would like a staples button  so it can be easy 
eah   something just isn't quite right   french toast? another taco? skittles?
"yeah i just got the biggest smack to the face ever  reality just isn't in my favor, but it sure presents an interesting feeling  course it could just be the burn on my hands  i'ma bad sgt  har-har-har "
"never once have i seen a show that mixed goldilocks, three little pigs and the big bad wolf, <propmale>, <propfirst> and the bean stock, bagpipes, aladdin, old lady who lives in a shoe, mole rats, pinocchio, and dumbo in a 5 minute episode until now  soooo weird    "
<propfirst> brockman    sigh 
"you and i wake up to the zombie apocalypse together  using only 4 words what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours "
who still treats flying as an occasion?
grand theft    zombies?
