6ed6356235b9bd3d11ff88b4a27b329e
uler send a butt load of snow to maine!!!! i feel the need for speed 
"god <propmale> me the serenity \to accept the things i cannot change; \courage to change the things i can;\and wisdom to know the difference  living one day at a time; \enjoying one moment at a time; \accepting hardships as the pathway to peace;"
"heading to durango tomorrow! for anyone still in durango, my number is 207-323-9191"
"another beautiful day in maine, but oh the humidity    "
"omg, i haven't performed since 2001 and tonight is my one and only dress reh  before a 10 show (rain permitting) run  god it feels good to be performing again!"
how do you trust again after being betrayed? how do you let the anger go? how do you not want <propfemale> to kick the offending parties ass?
"how long till ski season? i am jonesing for some snow, and <propmale> miller!"
"well    i made to to 31 before ever running out of gas in my car  good thing it happened right across the street from my house, and work is only  9 <propmale> away  note to self $5 in gas doesn't last very long in my car"
"life is good, but what is the next big adventure or goal    "
holy shit     my parents have actually booked a ticket to come visit me  i didn't think it would actually happen  i can't wait to show them around my new home  smile 
tgif!!!! and i am going to party this weekend  smile 
"an inspiring weekend, i am overwhelmed by the community that i live in, the spirit of the people who have come into my life, and the beauty of this world "
friday the 13th and a black cat ran across the road as i drove to work today  should i be concerned    
"sing like no one is listening, dance like no one is watching, love like you have never been hurt"
i love music  nothing makes the day better than jamming out all day to tunes online 
carpe diem
rainy days make me want to nest 
my bed is calling me from across town    
to thine own self be true
"note to self: when stopped by border patrol don't have high beams on, have license, don't laugh when they ask if you are a us citizen, and tell them if you have a spiked drink even as the passanger  glad to see our borders are protected, but the follow through leave muchs to be desired  although over all they were very polite, but then again it could have been racial profiling "
life is so wonderful!
no more miss nice girl   i am going to embrace my power to stand up for what is right and protect myself and those i love 
"you can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time  the truth will also come out in the end "
"how many bad things does a person have to do in their life before they become a bad person? is it ever possible to become a good person once you have lived your life in an evil, selfish, and dishonest way? how much can anger at injustice and bad actions not being punnished  and a <propfemale> for people to see the truth of a situation before they continue to associate with a bad person hurt my own soul?"
"how do you let go of the hurt and pain, the embarsment of being taken advantage of, and loving the wrong person in order to fully commit yourself to the current joys in your life and the amazing things the future holds?"
"i am a victim of domestic violence, my friend lost her life and her childern became orphans  because of domestic violence   it can happen to anyone   we need to look at our fellow sisters, our daughters, and mothers and say enough is enough   why do we not have a system to warn other women who these abusers are? or is <propfemale> closer to iran and africa when it comes to the safety of women than we care to admit "
"i love payday and 3 day weekends,double score!"
it is amazing how magical the future can look when the right person is holding your hand 
"my thoughts are with boulder and the canyons being affected by the four mile canyon wildfire  crazy to see the pictures from my old home knowing where the pictures are being taken, the mountain bike trails, the shooting ranges, and remembering the smell of ash and the color of the sky during a wildfire "
gonna jump on my bike and ride 
"monday, monday"
"buffett has ruled no double-dip recession, therefore it must be true  i will now ignore all media and political claims to the contrary "
"tired of waiting for my ship to come in, time to get back on track and build my own "
13 5 days until the parent's descend on maine 
"it is time to repeal \don't ask don't tell\"" if you are willing to die for your country i don't care who you choose to love """
"you would think a b a , a b s , and mba, and 10 years of diverse work e playful erience in business, accounting, finance, and managment would count for something  i am tired of not being treated with respect "
so many inspiring programs on hulu!
does anyone have any advice on how to legally force someone to refinance or sell something that is jointly financed?
carpe diem
i am so glad my parents come back to town tomorrow    lots to show them and wine and margs to be drunk
"yes this is the <propfemale> i want to see, federal judge orders military to stop discharging gays!!!!!! maybe we can truly be the land of free one day!"
does anyone know of someone looking for a 1 bedroom apartment in belfast?
i love <propmale> miller    can't wait to click in 
the sun will come out tomorrow     
"money makes the world go around, the world go around"
please send happy thoughts to the universe for me to get an important call or email soon!
1 more day of work until i head out west for 6 days!
"in durango, with no ski gear and  purg got 2 ft and wolf creek 4f   but hey nice to be with the rents, although now i want a kitten and a <propfemale> retriever puppy"
happy thanksgiving to family and old friends and especially new ones who have helped me through the darkest times in my life  thanks so much to the man who has shown me that i can be loved honestly for who i am  i believe in happy endings  smile 
happy birthday from colorado! 3 inches of fluffy stuff on the ground just for you  can't wait to see the tattoo
"the past is in the past, the present i control, and the future is full of possibilies, so why does the past haunt and piss me off so much"
"woo hooo snow!!!!! it finally feels like winter and christmas, can't wait to strap into the bindings "
don't forget to do good deeds as you accumulate wealth 
where did all my snow go!
"i am going to strive to surround myself with positive, driven, joyful, grateful, happy, playful, generous, and responsible people "
"most people have 1,000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  in honor of someone who has lost their battle, is still fighting, or survived cancer, please copy this to your status"
"1 week till x-mas <propfemale>!!!! one of my favorite nights of the year, i am so excited to be hosting a dinner with my wonderful man, his childern, and family in my new home "
yes a white christmas and i got my first xc ski tracks in for the year
"<propfemale> christmas all! off to be a domestic diva, my mom would be so proud "
'the future depends on what we do in the present ' -mahatma gandhi…
oh how i love good hold music      especailly when i have spent over 1 5 hours on hold today!
"i really should stop reading finance articles like \9 ways 2011 will cost you more\"""""
truly scary the palin listed dem  rep  <propfemale> giffords' name on her facebook <propfemale> with crosshairs rallying people to fight the left over a year ago  scarier that hers is not the only name listed  when will people learn hate begets hate     
happy 11:11 1 11 11
please please let's have a partial snow day!!!!
back to work relaxing work    can't wait till a quiet mlk day
"this week we remember babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all lost angels"
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour!"
let it snow let it snow let it snow    know when should i leave work
i am going to grab life by the balls   no more procrastinating because of the fear
"will someone please tell the tea party to hire politicians that can act don't look like 80s beauty queens    \ the greatest threat to our security is domestic morons\"" loving the joy behar show"""
me assist please: does anyone know someone who services or repairs water softners?
"between today and tomorrow, the new fb privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" goes into effect  the new setting shares your data with non-fb sites & it is automatically set to \""enabled\""  go to account>privacy settings>apps & websites>instant personalization>edit settings & uncheck \""enable\""  copy and repost to share with you friends!"""
building snow caves is fun!
somethings good is coming   
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes    it means a lot to me that new friends and old think of me so fondly 
"sat night is my birthday celebration, going to see what trouble <propfirst> and i can get into   feel free to help instigate just give me a text, message, or email  hopefully it won't snow to much "
go packers!!!! the only team owned by a city not a company! also shout out to jbs and smithfield beef for whom they have their name
life is so good when you fall in love with your perfect fit and walk in tandem towards shared goals 
this is my blessed life    drinking <propfirst> flipping between south pacfic and inside the actor's studio while my man tirelessly works on fixing the water softner 
"breath in, breath out, breath in, breath out"
it's almost the weekend!!!!! red wine is calling my name 
hoping v-day is magical
"it is the start of a magical night, the most beautiful roses i have ever been given, my favorite candies in a dog proof box, red wine, good food and the most wonderful man i have ever loved making tirelessly to make our house a home"
hump day! jeez i hope it is warm out there 
having one of those were it is hard to get out of bed let alone leave the house and face the world    
a new day a new start    hope my mood improves 
"it's friday, 3 day weekend with <propfirst> and the kids, offically signed up for the trek across maine  180 <propmale> on a bike over 3 days here i come! on my way to becoming as buff as <propfemale> "
"loving drinking red wine, watching intelligent shows on cable, while the love of my life and puppies take a pleasant sat afternoon nap before the mayhem begins again "
sometimes being type a is annoying    i want to do something wild and crazy
everything is going to be alright! nothing is gonna bring me down today!
"no one will get this 100% right ! my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite beverage_______, whose the love of my life______, my best friend_____, my favorite color______, my eye color_______, my hair color______, my favorite food________ and my moms name__________!!! put this as your status and see who knows you best  "
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy  but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are"
to all those who have lost someone close to them    please be joyous in the moments you shared and the lessons they taught you  forever strive to be the people they hoped you would be and see yourself as beautiful as they did 
money doesn't buy happiness but it sure greases the wheels of life!
i am smiling realizing how many people remember me fondly and hoping my life is going well considering my gamble 
music makes the day go much faster! now if i could just be jammin at a club in europe    
love my eye doctor seeing me at 7pm    not loving the concern and tone in his voice as he e playful lains what can happen with my condition  i think i am high on his list for needing <propmale> sug within 5 years 
my thoughts and prayers go out to japan and hawaii and the other 19 countries which are on stand-by for a tsunami e playful ected to hit in 3 hours  an 8 9 quake is no joke and a 10 meter tsunami is terrifying 
the greater the risk the greater  the reward
my horoscope says i should take the day off and drink a lot of scotch   
carpe diem
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish it that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting  i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friend
i am tired of people making themselves feel superior by pigeon-holing people and making simple things seem extremely complicated
wow    fate you are really serious about what my path should be 
roll the dice    come on next big <propmale>
"omg is my life really turning into my dream life more and more every day     can i really have it all  yes i think i can with a little elbow grease, good thoughts, and gratitude"
"if your dad is, or was, a hard working man, and is your hero, has helped you no matter how good or bad you were, and is just the best dad ever, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad"
be still my skittish heart
please everyone sending my divalious thoughts today
"sigh    friday and i have not done as much as i wanted this week, so why am i so tired"
has anyone in maine heard if route 3 is open? i have heard rumors and am worried about my man in <propfemale>
ready for my first 5k    wonder how the snow slush mud will affect the run 
"well thought i would give the jeep a try    didn't quite work out  at least i got it home, to bad i blocked the driveway when it died "
"fyi, if you are doing a search on google yahoo on firefox and you get directed to bogus webpages you have a nasty virus "
woohoo time from 5k on sun 29 20
