52e888dc28d8db5679dca623b96ed74f
"\friendship is two pals sharing a well cooked face\"" nom  joyful """
coffecoffeecoffee!   i needs some coffee!!!
   god made me a cannibal to fix problems like you   
gonna go see <propfemale> in wonderland     fuckin' woot! (thank you <propfemale>'s mom)
we are all mad here
i has a swollen face  sad  i hate mouth pain    
i hate people            especially stupid ones
i wanna be a human happy meal
i needs me some coffe     
still feelin a lil tipsy     wink 
zombies is people too
thinks she is addicted to dunkins iced coffe       
feels like a cyclopes
people in glass houses have to answer the door   
you should most definately wear the footie pajamas tomorrow    
oops   
wants some old russian wood     
chocolate biscuit!!
my hunny <propfemale> is a tard =}
coffee: a natural laxative
wants to know why she can't friend herself   
let's see who is paying attention      every  single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious  decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!  let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and  paste this in your status  on your mark   get set   go   i'm paying  attention v(this is for <propfemale>)
says to ignore that last bit of rubbish
is going blonde(and preppy) today       happy april fools day!
is starting to reminis     not sure if that's a good thing                
has 'hover bacon' stuck in her coconut
feels like all you sheep are laughing at me
just realized she hasn't had her meds today   oops
hates the 'he-said-she-said' bull
sleep is good ^__^
has had one hell of a day    surprised she hasn't hurt anyone   
loves coffee
sold two paintings at the spring thaw show     wahooooo! (go me!)
feels braindeadish
is impressed with this beautiful weather  love 
hurray for thunder!   and so it begins     
"hurray for wine, cheese and kung fu! let us pray tonight will be epic ^__^  love "
forgot what day it was    
will be starting college in the fall!!!
i'm blue da-da-di-da-da-da-doo       
bah ram yooo
feels like she has a small furry animal lodged in her sinuses  sad 
stupid seasonal allergies    
is lovin this awesome weather =}
is in <propmale> need of coffee   
ow! my tenderloin!
i think my cat knows when i'm wearing black    
cooooofffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
trying to drink red wine         playful 
why most it be so chilly!?
grrr    stupid rain
ugh   enough with the crappy weather! i want sun!!!
dispises the fact that there is a resturant downstairs   there is rarely ever parking for the tenants!!!
painting with my hands  smile 
wishes she had someone to play in the rain with   
pez = addicting
"dear facebook, why must you be so tarded!?"
<propfemale> cava   heart starter  the doctor is   in    sane
blah   stupid rain
is a 'bitch' with a capitol 'c'    
"like the rain, tears wash over me"
hurray for <propfemale> skies
is feelin fat and sassy wink 
can't believe she's up this early   
coffee      
i forever ever wanna get caught up in believin music is the freedom   till i'm dead on the dance floor   
gone to the church to help meh baby put in some acs   oh what fun  joyful 
thinking about all the wonderfully cheesy movies   
wishes the dentist was open so she could b*tch about her teeth breaking   thanks doc 
is appauled by the audacity some people have     playful 
is amazed at the amount of times she has to remind the ki-kis that cats don't drink coffee   silly <propfemale>    
got a <propfemale> on my lap who's trying to catch his tail
i'm a kracken from the sea!!
"singular-cul da sac    ploral- culs da sac\who'd a thunk it?"
i must admit   listening to the lyrics to '100%' by anglespit   kinda want a happy meal now 
oh humm    
man i  love  pez
today i will celebrate being with my love for 2 years   we so rock  love 
"is having a cup of hot coffee     got so used to dd iced coffees, forgot how great regular hot coffee was!! ~someones an idiot~"
silly kitty    trying to eat things that aren't edible      
would totally be a gay man for <propfirst> lambert
arrrrg!
yay  joyful 
had one awesome weekend   going to thouroghly enjoy my own bed tonight  joyful 
happy fireworks day everybody!!!
"evil, evil heat    "
the fish fly at night
the fat man walks alone    
i'm hungry for face
is glowing  love 
"gonna stretch my legs, put on my boots and start walking!"
 love   hurray for teeth!  love 
need    coff   eeee     coffee!
hurray for higher learning!!!   i start my first class tomorrow  love    so psyched!!!!
"first day in business class went well   i sat in the front of the class, then noticed that the 4 other adults in the class were also in front   i couldn't help but find humor in my observation  smile   so i'm a dork   "
arrg!!! why must my cat eat things that aren't food!? stupid <propfemale>    
~meow~
"got my books today   but not in time to read before psych class  got 4 questions wrong on my first quiz  sad    was too busy trying to take notes during class to read the damn thing       oh well  will do better next time!!  oh, the delicious knowledge that will be filling my coconut       joyful   huzzah!"
blarg
can't wait till this weekend!!!!!!!!!   yay for covenant!!!
whiskey makes me any angry drunk    and covenant was fucking epic   that is all
life is good  joyful 
it's 10 smile 4    been here since 10     class doesn't start till 11:15!!!   ugh    i hate being this early         sad 
"so   monday in psych  we were to have a quiz on the last 3 chapters, but the professor didn't have the time to make up the quizzes   meaning that today in psych  we were going to take it instead  i study here a bit, a little there   basically i am completely ready for this damn quiz   do i get to take this damn thing??? no!!!  man was i peeved     (god i'm lame)  joyful "
damn rain     blah!!!
"   ready to kick \someone\"" in the teeth   """
is all kinds of bored    
"feelin frisky, but meh baby's at work    oh what a cruel world!"
do i need a censor or something?
oh what a day    
happy halloweeeeeeeen!!!!!!!!!
ugh    at school already and my class doesn't start till 8:15     grrrr! i so wish i were in bed right now     
"please join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you know has been eaten or attacked by velociraptors  it's time to let silent victims know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for sport  velociraptors are, after all, pretty much unstoppable  93%    won't copy and paste this "
wishing i had more insulation on myself     it's soooo cold!!!
thank goodness for <propfemale> lap warmers  joyful 
"grrrrr      beware: period next week=crazy, hormonal, emotional, psycho <propfemale>    sad "
merrrrrrrrrrrrr     surprise 
"noms, then bed   "
damn you leaky ceiling!!! stupid rain    
wish the heat in this place worked properly    it's like 50 degrees in here!!
stop staring at my tail!!   troubled 
<---likes to kiss the ladies ;}
blarg    
the craving of dunkin begins    
"\it rubs the lotion on it's skin   \"""""
"\don't wanna be a cartoon in a cartoon graveyard  \"""""
"pay it forward for creative people annoyed i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update  they must in turn, promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status  it must be handmade by you, and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011    "
just checked my grades from last semester   got an a in psych (yay!)    and a    a   c! i got a c!! (in business)   sad       that makes me sad    good thing i switched my <propmale> ;p
so cold!
"oh, the delicious smell of knowledge  joyful   i got my school books last night     psychology and sociology    so excited!!!"
gin
"wake up at 6 smile 0am to be ready for class at 8:15am    i stop at dunkin for my regular, making me late    get to school and rush to class   walk into an almost empty room  canceled! the class has been canceled and i'm stuck here til 11:40 (next class)!! grrrrr!!!!!"
no power in the verse can stop me!
up since 5(ish) am    and my class is cancelled    still sittin here though    argh!!!
is craving something    delicious
nicotine!!
its soooo purdy out there!!!!!
i can see the mooon    
<---- requires sustenance    latas!
so    bored
just me now    all by my lonely  sad 
what's the matter mr  fingers? don't you like my mouth words?
   and i'm off    
my spoon is too big    
"so many assholes, and i seem to find them oh so easily    "
to those who know me: i have 2 colors blue black and burgundy    any one have any suggestions as to how i should use these colors in my hair? (ihope that made sense   )
trigun   the entire series on netflix    can't   stop    watching     
really wishes the heat would work    
"note to self: if hair is already dyed black, the chances of any other color taking to it is incredibly slim    and a waste of hair dye"
~doobie-doobie-doo~
i could so go for some coffee about now   
i can't feel my hands!!
i may have just broken my lungs    
summer needs to get here   soon
combichrist makes me wanna move
craving a mocha latte     
i'm on a mission    
"look at me, who's your daddy now\bringing you <propfemale>, satisfaction guaranteed\war! it's what we men are built for\i am entertainment  i bring the battle to your door"
blarg      f you rain!!!
whatever happens was meant that way    
sometimes i'd just love to rid myself of these cursed reproductive organs    
procrastination always gets the best of me     grrr
