2a5e0c1c5f346c74e35d9f896aea3a1e
is still buzzing from the vnv nation show    seriously in love  love  mmmm 
is back in seattle after a beautiful trip down and around the west coast  smile 
loves value village  love 
is voting yes on referendum no  1 today in seattles primary    lets send big oil a message!!
 love 's vegetarian fare
thinks television is evil 
"bang, bang, bang   "
is walking down to town hall again this week  yay for nerdy science lectures  playful 
just discovered raw galanga    omfg yum!! i adore thai food 
parties are definitely better when their kinky     laugh 
is headed to a hump showing tonight!! yay for local amateur porn contests  love 
just had an awesome tickle date in queens tonight    possibly another later in the week!?  laugh  off to manhattan tomorrow morning   
a quarter-century old today!!  playful  *hugs you all*
"is going to opening night of \where the wild things are\"" in imax in times square tonight at midnight with sethly!! woot!  love """
"is back in seattle after a great week in ny, and spending time with <propfemale> and <propfirst> tonight! ?"
is excited for halloween!!  love   laugh 
is glad so many had the <propmale> to slap her little one last night!  love 
 love s you both
is about to learn about g-spots   playful 
is loving the library lately  yay for endless free books + cds  love 
loved seeing everyone who showed up to the punk rock flea market!!  laugh 
is off work in seattle for the next 8 days!!!  love 
"has officially 180'd her normal routine    staying up all hours of the night, and waking in the afternoon  yay vacation!  laugh "
gym stained off-white 
is eating mounds of leftovers by the fattie-full 
had amazing company this weekend!  laugh 
is staying up waaaaay past her bedtime  playful 
"can i just say that strangermart, groupon, and seattle perks are amazing entities  i just purchased $50 dollars of fine dining for $12 50    oh how i love my frugality "
is in spokane and now officially sober! we are planning to hit the bars tonight after my sisters wedding  anyone can join us!! (we usually end up at pjs on <propmale>)
is excited for tranny-puppet theater this saturday   laugh 
just discovered toe socks!! how did this amaging feat of human ingenuity pass me by this long!? my drawer is about to transform 
wants you to come take away some of her hydroponic basil mint!! i have tons!!
is enjoying the beautiful sunshine outside   from the shelter of her apartment awning 
omg    vanilla people are creepy!! if you thought the kinksters tend to be the weirdies   think again 
is heading out to nerd drink it up   at paddy coynes bar trivia this evening   playful 
is taking today off work to contemplate the persistent oddities that are life 
"can't wait for the weather to warm up some, so we can plan another crazy camping trip!  laugh "
is wasting away in organic-black bean-hummus-ville    do do do do do!
is dreaming of soft knowing lips     delicately sweeping the nape of my neck    we dance united this <propfemale>     our eyes story tell    bodies e playful elling fluid poetry    our shadows better script our story    we lose ourselves to the rhythm underground
hanging out at a mainstream bar by yourself at 1am on the weekend yields interesting results 
*attention spokane!!*   i'm coming tomorrow night   (err   on a plane that is)     i have plans through late saturday afternoon and then i'm wide open  (err   yeah)  laugh 
"is back home in seatown and cozy-like  (with a new-found appreciation that i am not    nor do i ever plan to be knocked up)   drinking beer from baby bottles can be mildly entertaining, however "
norwescon 33   here we come!!
"what a fablous weekend!!  smile  and now a great start to the new week     love  you, <propfirst> "
vegfest this weekend!! i'm going sunday am  vegan blue-cheese crumbles?   yes please 
"is in the mood for boobs  (but who isn't though, honestly?)  love "
"is officially back into her weekly plasma donations! yay, for paid reading time!  smile "
"alright, folks  i'm going to be at the seattle erotic arts fest box office at 12pm tomorrow to get saturday tickets for <propfirst> and i    online is sold out  anyone want to join me, -or- want me to get a ticket for them and pay me back? lemme' know!!  love "
"itinerary for saturday evening: early happy-hour, sounders game, to the pike brewery to visit <propfirst>, and then seattle erotic arts festival!!  love "
 love 's being a hermit alone in her appt  sometimes!! (something to be said for this!)
"true friends can go long periods of time without\ speaking and never question their friendship  and pick up like they\ just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been         repost\ if you're lucky enough to have at least one true friend    (you know\ who you are!)"
is sicky-pants!  playful    and right when it got all pretty-ful out too  poo 
"ugh  so all that fun shit i had planned with anyone this weekend  yeah, not doing it  i'm still attached to some nasty flu-ish thing  if i don't answer my phone it's because i'm jealous of your lung capacity   love "
<propfemale> in chains are teaming up with the deftones on october 8th here in seatown    i'm kinda feeling the need to see this  anyone else yearning?  playful 
"folklife, folklife, folklife!!!  love 's"
"what a day!! punk gock flea market, green festival, and then hyped-up erotics   love   love   love  i love you sweet seattle "
good music tonight! show+maybe the vogue? shall see     love 
an absolutely adorable weekend 
four 16-hour shifts in the last week!! sheesh!! (sleep supposedly coming soon  )
"with regard to my last post here, would anyone like to buy me a drink?  annoyed "
you know what would be really spectacular right now?? having a damn car 
"\sounds like someone's in need of an angry cuddle\""    """
attention!! it was just brought to my attention that you can buy a vegetarian n??c ch?m sauce for vietnamese vermicelli salads  all is now right with the universe  <propfemale> on!
"\leaving     on a jet plane!\""    for the best reasons ever   love  \",2a5e0c1c5f346c74e35d9f896aea3a1e,airport security: \ma'am," is there a can-opener in your bag?\""    \"2a5e0c1c5f346c74e35d9f896aea3a1e,"it's been found, and it's been found!  laugh  they parked my little escort 10 blocks away after an obviously short lil' joy-ride    found w  mp3 player & 1 2 tank of gas intact!! maybe the oober-lefty am 1090 talk-radio playing in the background soured their escapades early on?! muahahahaha  <propmale> nice theives!!"
off to catch a plane to spokane-istan to see the new wee-ones this weekend!  laugh 
"fact: according to the us centers for disease control 1 1 billion people word-wide lacked proper drinking water in 2006, estimated to cause 1 8 million preventable deaths \\perspective   \\1 serving of beef= 1,200+ gallons of water to produce\1 serving of chicken= 330 gallons of water to produce\1 complete vegan meal w  tofu, rice, and vegetables= 98 gallons of water to produce"
"a quick question i have for all of you out there on facecrack this fine evening annoyed \ in terms of carbon neutrality; what single decision could one choose to incorporate immediately into his her lifestyle to most impact the offset of global warming?"
"i would just like to inform the universe that seattle-based 'black rock spirit's'    \bakon vodka\"" is completely vegan   love  bottoms up!!"""
cute girls + strong drinks = win
"i apparently wasn't ninja enough at work yesterday, and got mauled  scratches on hands, arms, face, etc   swollen eye, a few bruises   ripped clothing and a chunk of hair ripped out  *sigh* off work until monday fortunately   w  l&i paying for pain meds+medical  i'm fine   just   icky   annoyed "
"damn you, gluten intolerance! *shakes fist*"
working tonight at 11pm until 3pm tomorrow afternoon! weird! *grabs snacks*
would like to remind the universe that coupons are amazing!  love 
"i broke my right foot last night  annoyed  for those of you who don't know; i live alone in a 1920's building w  stairs  if anyone would mind helping deliver cook food, help me bathe, drive me to the pharmacy for more vicodin, or whatever else, i love you forevers  i need to stay off the thing elevate for 3-4 weeks while on crutches  *sigh*"
my peas are leaking!  playful 
"just a warm very appreciated hug to all of you who have been so incredibly helpful and giving of your time in the last week for my crippled arse! (including those that offered; many of whom i haven't made time to see just yet)    i love you so much, and i can't begin to imagine where i would be without you! thank you guys!  smile "
against the wall   
"my friend <propfirst> just told me that i would make a lop-sided skin suit  \how are we voting on this people?"
"it's friday night, and we got home early from our camping trip!  smile  who wants to go play!? i can limp w o crutches now! *bounce bounce bounce*"
"darn you people and your dirty, filthy links! you know i can't leave the apartment! this is torture at its finest "
"wow    this is going to be one hell of a crowded tng munch! we will miss you, cafe met!  love "
"\be the change you wish to see in the world\"" - mahatma gandhi"""
"mercury tonight, everyone!! come out, come out wherever you are     playful "
"confirmed  my phone won't turn on anymore   it's up in wireless heaven  until i get another one tomorrow, please leave me messages here!  smile "
"going to the vogue tonight! 6 dollar double wells, and 2 dj's    come out and play!  smile "
mercury tonight!!! we have a lil' group of nerds going  podog yummies after    you know you wanna     playful 
to the merc again tonight after the center!!  playful  who can resist?!
"advice; (noun) an opinion or recommendation offered as a guide to action or conduct  \   mine? grow the fuck up "
"was just at highland park enjoying the sunset with <propfirst>  mt  rainier, the ferries, the bright city-scape   everything super vivid tonight  seattle is spectacular   love "
just finished filing my taxes! i'm taking myself out to a movie to celebrate  love 
