02fd0d6ee931eee358f5b6bb48b37b00
"feels super yucky with when i get sunburned  i thought i had learned my lesson by now but, nope   still forgot sunscreen!!! arghhhhh!"
just wants to be in ecuador right now smile  it's kind of on my mind smile 
"just got back from an awesome wicked night with <propfirst>!!! holy buckets, can i say amazing??!!! ya gotta see it!!! thank you thank you thank you thank you, <propfirst>!!! you're sooo the bomb! love your guts! and your little dog too!!!"
"is just finishing packing! if i don't come back, don't be surprised! ecuador here i come!"
all packed up! can't fit another thing in those blasted bags! but they'll be empty coming home smile  love you all and thanks for you're sweet msg's! xoxo jaris
and i would love to take you all with me!
"life is never what i e playful ect it to be! just keep swimming, just keep swimming!"
ecuador    ecuador is on my mind smile 
study or clean? argh i wish i were two people right now!
"well, clean, it was! now i shall study  you all are crack heads!!! ok, not all of you,  but you who are know who you are!!!"
what about life break!?! not just fall break!!!
time to study again   and again and again smile 
"hey all, just thought i'd let you know things are well  we (my niece, nephew and i) were in an accident this last thursday   wasn't too fun, but we're all home now, getting better  to say the least, we are very blessed, my car is proof of a miracle  love you all and hope you have a <propfemale> christmas!"
getting better and better    i'm sure that time heals! and ps i love you all! happy new year   soon!
"i just signed for my house!!! get ready for a house warming party! you're all invited!!!! can i say, just a little excited!!!"
"so foot surgery is rough!!! but i made it out! i have to technically be off my foot for 3 months   who does that!?!?! i may have to hire a driver to and from work!!!thanks for all your sweet words! i love you all, and you can all come stay at my new house!!!or, should i say home  smile  this is so much fun!"
anybody want to help move stuff from the garage into the homestead?!! lookin for some hands thursday friday night smile 
house stuff tomorrow   yeah  smile  come if you can!
"yes, this is some awesome weather! and i am going to go eat a bowl of cap'n crunch and enjoy it!!!"
spent my first night in my home  smile  thanks to everyone who has been helping me get things in order! love ya!
i miss my old roomies   love you girls! you're worth a million!
"      can i say, i love bollywood!!"
"thanks all for the best wishes! i love you all and yes, my b-day was great   lunch with launi <propfemale> and yes, <propfemale>! soooo fun! now i'm camping with <propfemale> at her in-law's new cabin! fun times!!!"
"someone tell me a fun country to visit    and who would want to go with? i think i need a little europe in me   so, what say ye?"
"have to buy a car   those of you who are \smooth\"" in this area   wanna give some kind advice to your friend?!!?! i'd love to hear it!"""
went to the gila valley <propfemale> openhouse in the weee early hours this morning with mi querido vicente   it was incredible! i love having such great friends and great e playful eriences like that! and the whole spanish to english transition the whole time is so fun!
i am so tired! i'm going to sleep early in hopes for a good night's rest! much needed after all this travel smile  how are my friends and fam out there?!!? i miss you all!
happy smile  just because smile 
booked my flight to alaska!!! yip yip!!yeeeeee     hardy har har    
jury duty    hmmmmm  i hope so!
no jury duty! yeah for a day off to <propfemale> with lulita e <propfemale>! soooooo fun!
ever feel like your life is a giant mixed signal?!
friends reruns rock    on season 4   could i be any more productive    
"i love friends reruns    \could i be any more productive today?!!?!\"""""
"i was born an original, so i refuse to die a copy "
almost all packed and on ready to go! yay for alaska for some padres time!!
alaska is b-e-a_utiful smile  wish you were all here to enjoy it with me!
home sweet home    here i come smile  though i'd love to bring this alaska weather back!!!
"home again, home again    let's play!"
"has anyone ever done mystudio net?? tell me about it, like, now     smile "
couldn't sleep last night   now i'm tired and it's only 8pm   silly life!
anyone up for jesterz tonight? it's at 8 or 10     brandon hancock is performing smile 
anyone up for pumpkin pancake friday!?! at shaliece and <propmale>'s! and a little a-team love    on bigscreen wall??!! cwall meee smile 
yahoo for the weekend     smile 
"sedona saturday smile  i'm setting a new goal   for october! i'm going to go and do the typical october things this year!! festivals, fall pics, hiking!!! carnivals   and carving pumpkins    baking, trick-or-treating   or at least watching! i just want to soak it all in! i love this month  it's the start of that special feeling that i don't ever want to go away!!!"
here's to pumpkin carving!!
who wants to go to disneyland?
why does it have to end????
<propfirst> is on my mind
