d4f998a149099857a8c6777de7994b87
time to study for the next 8 hours and take a test at 8am!
a long day    but a great day at the family birth center!
"taking <propfemale> out for her birthday!  a night without children, and we are off to a five course dinner at the waterstreet cafe in the private event room as we listen to a famous <propmale> cello quartet quattrocelli for four hours!  she has no idea we are going, she thinks we are off to the <propfemale> garden!"
"i just donated 2 units of platelets, i moved my arm and there was infiltration, i should have a good bruise tomorrow!  go out and donate blood if you are able!  though some might argue i did it to get the day off from work, i did not have to give two units    it was an extra 45 minutes   i am so awesome i can barely stand it!"
i don't want to go to stupid right response training  i am taking my ball and i am going home!
"behold the male registered nurse! (license pending nclex of course!)  thanks for encouragement, the prayers, the laughs, and more     i can now officially have a life again, let's <propfemale> out!"
i hate filling out applications!
last few nights having horrible dreams about a 2nd final i didn't study for with all new questions and failing it and not passing the third quarter    then i wake and smile and thank the lord school is over!
"i know why our weather usually sucks   it is days like this that make you appreciate them that much more   man it's beautiful today, i hope everyone is out enjoying it, i feel like a cretin if i waste a great day like this "
the vacation is over    for two weeks i felt like a normal human being 
"stress has overtaken me, though i aced the rn predictor exam, i can't seem to get more than 60% of the practice exam questions right in the kaplan lpn book   i think i am going to get an ulcer by the time i take it "
it's the final countdown   dun dunna nuh nuh duh nuh nuh nuh nuh!
"freezing while watching stuff blow up, why does the 4th of july feel like it is in january this year?"
"job interview advice:  so being 20 minutes late to an interview isn't the best way to start it    being awesome will make up the difference, i got the job!"
"captain underbite strikes again, oij##r#r#qr%@r$%@r$%q@%  arrrrgh, mariners need to stop this crap, stop putting <propfirst> league in the game!"
driving up to renton now to take the dreaded nclex test 
nclex summary:  75 questions in 57 minutes    pearson trick says i passed! hoozahh!  i am a now a registered nurse    smile 
"i forgot my mt  dews on the desk, i am now at work and i am dewless    noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
it's nice spending time with a good friend 
on my way to the first day of my new nursing job!
after ten years of work that usually involves tons of sitting i am not used to being on my feet all shift   my feet are sore and tired!
about to hit the lake for some water skiing!
going to hit the lake with <propfirst> and <propfemale> for some waterskiing
i e playful erienced changing a baby with cloth diapers for the first time today      oh man how awful    thank you lord for huggies and progress 
"preseason football time, yeehaw!!!!!    notice the cowboys are awesome in every way!"
"i changed a poopie today, and i fed all three babies  while momma took a nap!"
on our way back from ocean shores it was very cold here at the beach today i also did not like the fact that you can park on the beach that felt more like a parking lot than a  beach which surely nature did not intend 
i keep dreaming of tracheostomies and ventilators     all i hear is high pressure beeping beeping beeping and keep thinking i need to suction people in my dreams   even those without trachs!
never consult geese in matters of spelling   haha i love the original <propfemale>'s web 
"well first day of class     i thought i just graduated, doh'"
"i cleaned the litter box since the woman is away, and wouldn't you know it those little jerks crapped in it again, i have to do this more than once??!?!"
"anyone want to play fantasyfootball? we are having a bbq draft on thursday night at a buddies house in napavine, 100 dollar buy in, with small  weekly cash prizes for highest point total for the week, but biggest cash prizes for best record and winner of the superbowl   we could use 1 more! message me "
"neurobiology test, on my way to vancouver, wsu to pass it gloriously!"
"mcdonald's mocha frappe is officially delicious, amazing, reasonably priced, and sinful   the sadness starts when the sucking sound is heard from the straw as you desperately try to get every last drop of goodness "
cowboys are about to begin their perfect season   sorry deadskins you are about to get  destroyed!
"ugh the curse of night shift, couldn't get ant sleep in the day time   i woke up after 3 hours wide awake and couldn't get back to sleep     now it's gonna be a long night "
"shift is canceled    i get to spend the entire day with the family, serendipity baby!"
"i entertained a bunch of kids with doing back flips, brannings, front flips, twist flips, and such today on the tramp   i think a pulled a muscle in my hip, i am getting old  sad "
"only a year ago today, <propfirst> was born, where did the time go?"
"1 nutrition test, 1 research methods midterm, 1 research methods paper, 1 science and god philosophy paper, 1 neurophysiology quiz, and associated readings all in the next 4 days    ugh   time to put my last minute game face on "
got to watch a brain dissection   mmmmm brains   now time for lunch 
"moving a yard of cement bags, mixing it by hand in a wheelbarrow sucks    too bad i have more time than money or i would not hesitate to get a cement truck and a pump! i am soooooore and tired "
i am no longer a daddy  sad    <propfemale> calls me dad now    i am not sure i like it!
"5 more days of stupid political ads, telephone calls, and useless rhetoric  it's the final countdown!"
"<propfemale> patrol: prayer breakfast for guys on friday mornings  it was very moving today  i found out the that the guys who died on the plane crash this week were amazing people  message from the pastor, brother, brother in law, and other guys there was overwhelming   i have a  new perspective on laying up treasure in heaven    relationships you have with people    blown away, i am going to ponder, pray,  and then sleep "
"self realization: i was thinking of the immortal words of socrates, \i drank what?\"""""
woohoooo 500 <propmale> on 30 bucks worth of gas!!!
"i am mr  mom, all 3 kids are in my charge with no mommy for the whole weekend, pray for the children!"
"a family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living   ~ <propfirst> swindoll\\i love my little hammers  laugh "
formally accepted into washington state university's college of nursing!!  bsn to be finished by december of 2011 unless i get accepted into msn program for the fall through the alternative pathway of having a bs in another field   exciting!
back in boise! it feels good to be home!
"i seriously underestimated the power of black friday   it's 330am and i can't even find a parking spot, insane!"
"jesus take the wheel, halfway to pendleton and the road is treacherous"
"huskies are going down in the apple cup, go cougs!!!!!!!  let's take that bowl game away from them!!"
"musings from philosophy 413, is determinism real?   i think in part   spirit seems to be indeterministic, and since people are imago dei, then perhaps freewill is an indeterministic state in an otherwise determinstic universe "
"if drinking eggnog is wrong, then i don't want to be right!"
"i am trying to help someone do his homework    question, which life process is a squirrel  using when it runs up a tree, 6 options one of them is movement  he still says he doesn't know!!! i am doing a captain picard face palm!!!"
twice in one day!!!!!!!!!!!
dead week is supposed to be     dead   tons of stuff due this week  sad 
"final papers all due, and now i am sick, great timing "
"3 classes down, 1 to go, time to memorize a semesters worth of stuff about neurology"
"all done, could have gone to class more than 3 times or studied   but i think i got a b haha! vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"my head hurts, did someone punch my head while i was sleeping?"
"doubleshifts are no fun, must stay awake fir 30 more minutes!"
"another semester done and in the books   raar!\\e playful erimental methods: a-\nutrition : a\philosophy 413:  a\intro physiological psychology: a"
"half way through a 16 hour shift on christmas, stick a fork in me, i'm done!"
technology is pretty cool    sitting in a vancouver wsu classroom for a class on nursing research and informatics without a proff in the class   i can see her on tv and the nursing students on three different campuses   the camera zooms in on me or anyone when they speak for all to see 
"i don't watch a lot of tv, just doing my charting and watching grey's anatomy for the first time,  it's actually pretty good!"
is there anyone who might be a secret board member for some masters program acceptance committee or other qualified individual want to peruse my written interview questions for this masters program application and give me a little feedback?
throwback mt dew is so freaking delicious if you drink it quick   after about 20 minutes it rapidly declines   like carbonation doesn't like the real sugar compared to corn syrup 
"seriously, how does paper charting still exist in the u s  in 2011   this is how they chart in haiti, africa, mexico, etc   this is the 21 century for crying out loud!  get with the times grandma! (not my grandma, she knows how to email)"
my first e playful erience eating at a sushi restaurant     i was actually pleasantly suprised   i will definitely return!
horrible day with a tire blowout after catching a curb while backing up   thank goodness <propmale> schwab is a good company   if only more would follow their business model that focuses on customer satisfaction 
"this family, whose house i am at, has a large aquarium with a very large <propfirst> fish  they regularly fill the tank with gold fish who swim terrified until they meet their demise  <propfirst> just ate another one  it sucks to be at the bottom of the foodchain!"
"my baby <propfirst> has rsv, up tonight on shift at home, another neb tx due in an hour    back to call of duty:black ops in the meantime!"
"so after the 5th round of old maid, the 6 year old patient and her 8-10 year range cousins s ask me if i know any card games   i taught them how to play texas hold em, i am so proud!  i taught them some life lessons as well, such as never gamble your grocery money, and always quit when you are ahead "
"five years ago today, my little girl was born   i remember crying when i found out she had bilateral hip dysplasia, i couldn't stand the thought of my angel not being perfect   now i look at her, so funny, loving,  beautiful, and  joyful    and it doesn't matter if her hips never would have gotten healed, she would still be perfect   happy birthday <propfemale>, i love you!"
"mmmm, breakfast of girl scout thin mints and mt  dew    it doesn't get much better than this!"
"i am not sure how those rn and lpn's in nursing homes do complete a shift of med passes on 20 people, treatments, charting, pharmacy ordering, treatment referrals, telephoning doctors, assessments,  random incident reports, etc    amazing     kudos to those hard working and inspiring nurses "
"baseball has returned, spring is in the air   it's like seeing an old familiar friend and getting to catch up on things "
"i have had huge deadlines and multiple projects due before, as usual from my procrastination  i usually feel intense stress and it fuels me to accomplish the tasks  as this deadline approaches in two days for 2 <propmale> papers and a couple busy work 1 <propfemale> papers i feel different  although i am highly stressed about it, this time i just don't care, so now i am stressed, burnt out, and depressed all at the same time "
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal        olny 55% of plepoe can  smile "
"please - put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't repost this because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, 1% are awesome and will repost this "
"oh oh oh, ethics papers finished, i may have to reward myself with some call of duty time  laugh "
first time i have had to turn on the a c in the car this year    wooohoooo!!
"what a terrifically beautiful day! mowed the lawn, put in a fence post, and washed the car!"
"sing a song today!   one study by <propfirst> beck, a professor at university of california, showed that antibodies iga increased 240% in saliva of choral members after performing beethoven's missa solemnis "
