141c87b890b49050eb35ae261bcdd0b1
"is back home  had a great peaceful time at the beach, and a very awesome new years <propfemale>  also started the year with awesome food  i'm excited about 2010!"
3 days to jmu
2 days!!! omg!!
tomorrow!!! yay 
"harrisonburg, va "
classes tomorrow!!!
is getting ready to sleep during critical thinking class  zzzz
i'm done with classes!! uhull!!!
incrdible how playing guitar can improve my mood  i should play all day today    
i think eating sushi is also good for my mood   uhmmm    such a crazy day 
what's up with me seeing old pictures? i thought i was trying to improve my mood   
should have put sunscreen today  i think sometimes my brain just turn off   
is drawing her room for class  finally some homework that doesn't make me sleepy 
my nose makes me look like a clown  maybe i can find a job and have a use for it 
should be doing something useful 
is feeling happy! yay! maybe is because i'm going to eat brazilian food today and friday!
is eating cookies !
is exausted  and it's not because i haven't slept enough 
is listening to paramore new album  no opinion yet   
out to make brigadeiro  hope it works 
fail 
or not!! uhulll!!!
i  love  <propmale>!!! i  love  glee!!!
anyone want to do my homework for me so i can watch dollhouse? kthnxbai
finishing the brigadeiro! it's so good  then i'm doing homework 
wants to eat  but doesn't want to walk in the rain 
have just had lunch  i discovered what my problem was  i was just hungry 
how can a movie with <propfemale> hathaway and <propfemale> latifah seems boring? one of the many misteries in life 
"ooohhh  new girltrash episode is amazing  watching it for the hundredth time  parts of it, anyway   laugh  had a little xena <propfemale> vu   "
ohhhh!! i've never been so glad to see the sun! i missed u sun!  smile 
can't wait 4 <propfemale> keys' new cd!
"dear stalker, stop tagging my pictures when they are in my album  kthnxbye"
"dear brain, plz to wake up now  it's enough to buy a chicken sandwich even though i'm vegetarian "
for those of you without umbrela on a rainy day: just use a plastic bag  it's totally not weird  
is drinking lots of coffee so she don't sleep during critical thinking class  even though she doesn't learns anything in that class 
i'm gonna kick my computer out the window    maybe it will work then   
"dear safari, plz to work now  i don't like e playful lorer  kthnxbye"
loves birthday gift  even though she is pretty sure she's gona become obese  smile  
i hope i can finish my <propmale> project today  by today i mean before midnight!
i wanna finish my <propmale> project so i can play guitar  maybe i should <propmale> in music after all   
just ruined 1 3 of her <propmale> project  and it just keep getting worse 
best album of the universe: despite our diferences - indigo girls 
"is really mad at people who uses my stuff as if it were theirs, mainly when it is my flash drive that has my essay that is due tomorrow, which i happen to not be done with "
is getting ready to draw stuff all day  not for fun though    i wish it was   
i wish my drawing would draw itself  would make my life much easier 
today is the slowest day ever 
"itunes, why do you not obey me? i hate you!"
<propfemale> night ftw!
had a lot of fun camping! but now i'm really tired 
i  love  condensed milk 
yay! done with homework!
i'm really not in the mood to draw for 2 smile 0 and listening to the teacher complain about everything  someone needs to tell her being happy is good for your health and she makes everybody's lifetime in the class smaller cause she infects us with her unhappiness  (sorry if i don't make any sense   )
can't wait to see my parents and my sis! just have to go through 3 days of boring classes   
note to self: do not put an open bottle that is not empty under your chair  you'll surely kick it and spill it everywhere 
anyone who's living on campus next year want to be my roomate?
"trying to figure out what is a complex thing for <propmale> class  i'll give myself a prize when any of my <propmale> projects make sense  but that's <propmale>, right? it doesn't need to make sense, right?"
"mommy, daddy and sis are leaving home! hope they have a great travel  see you guys 4:50 in the bookstore thursday  laugh "
wondering how can a person have everyday as the worst day in their lifes  also wondering why do i have to hear about it everyday  it gets tiring after the first 100 times   
omg!! no <propmale> class!! is this a good day to start the day or what?
<propfemale> lawless is the most amazing person in the world!
wish i could go to the me meeting tonight    critical thinking class i hate you 
"mommy, daddy and sis should be in <propfemale> already  hope they have fun visiting washington  and that they don't try to call me during class   "
a moment of peace is worth every war behind us
is scared about her portifolio review   annoyed 
is glad she didn't got an f in the portifolio review  (barely  the teacher didn't give me one for benefit of the doubt )
hot chocolate is the highlight of my day  too bad it means i'm studying 
it's incredible how i can have both good and unlucky day  never had this e playful erience before 
seeing parents today! uhul!
i think all my professors got together and decided to cancel half of my classes  not that i mind   
i'm gonna use my taekwondo skills on my computer  it so needs to be kicked 
"i wonder why my most recent musics were updated on 11 01 09  as far as i'm aware, this hasn't happen yet "
"is exausted  i hate shopping (please people, don't kill me) "
is spending the night with her parents  i hope they let me do homework though   lol  i'll miss them when they're gone!
i stayed a whole day without computer  must be my new record 
should be either organizing her room or doing homework 
"dear hands, i know i'm killing you by drawing with charcoal everyday, but stop being so dry  it's bad for you  kthnxbye"
it's hard to concentrate on a paper when you are almost sleeping 
is glad parents made home well   smile 
"'you said i love you like the stars above, gonna love you till i die'"
anybody wants to build a museum on harrisonburg so i can make a review?
"my next assignment acording to the teacher: \bring your sketchbook everywhere and make drawings of people on daily activities  just make sure you're not too drunk or stoned to do it  not that i encourage those activities \"""""
"2 pages done, 2 to go    i just hope it's not raining when (if) i'm done "
the only cool thing about rainy days are rainbow umbrellas 
plans on finishing her paper today so she can spend the weekend doing <propmale> homeworks (because that is so much more fun  not)
please dollhouse don't get canceled  smile 
is trying to convince herself that she shouldn't sleep all weekend   
glee soundtrack is so addicting!
discovered she can actually see the game from her floor 
is watching the band perform from my window  yay!
"oh, rain, why did you come back?"
i  love  aoi <propfemale>
is not going to dinner  pringles will have to do 
"ohhh, girltrash! musical? with spashley? my biggest dream just came true!!"
had a fun weekend doing nothing her room  i love having one of those once in a while 
is really annoyed right now  what a way to end a great weekend 
is not feeling very well 
omg!!! lady gaga is going to be in beyoncé's new video  is this the most awesome thing ever or what?
<propfemale> keys is amazing  her new video is awesome!
"coffee, why aren't you having any effect? i need you for critical thinking class "
"fails at life today  (more than the normal, that is)"
writing about carnaval is so much fun  i wish all my papers were about that 
facebook is back  kinda  hope it will be really back soon 
ahhhh     i want to go to carnaval next year  writing about it remains me of how much fun i had this year 
"i'm outta my pain, so i'm goin' back to l a "
any boring night can be fixed by a good book  i missed reading  smile 
"wonders how the new facebook looks like  she's using the lite version, because the normal won't work   "
"writing critical reviews is not my thing  i have to use my memory about the <propmale> i've seen, but i don't have the best memory for this kinda thing  can't wait to hear my teacher saying i didn't put much detail about the pieces "
my <propmale> teachers decided that i shouldn't have a weekend this week 
the sky is really scaring me right now  maybe it's a sign i should be looking at my homework 
"one pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills that mother gives you don't do anything at all  go ask <propfemale> when she's ten feet tall "
"dear people at home, don't be mad at my new blog post  i was tired and in bad mood  and i know i could just delete it, but i won't because it's the truth "
ate brigadeiro  smile  its so yummy!
"finally done with my carnaval paper  changed my mind, it's not fun to write about it "
today is such a beautiful day  smile  beautiful days make me happy 
"'well, who wants to be cooped up on a day like this? the sun is shining, there's songs going on   those guys are checking you out '"
you know you've been too much in the library when you go get something to drink and find out it's raining   
class then walmart  i just hope it's not raining then 
"doing my halloween costume  if you see a crazy person making stakes, it's me  smile "
"just in got my degree in clumsy  i acquired that by spilling a bottle of ink on my stuff  luckily my roomate was near to save me, and my room is not black "
loves her anthropology class  the teacher is going to make a topic on discussion board to post pics of halloween costumes!!!
it's done with her costume!!
thinks her family is cursed to broke their arm    just hope i'm not the next in line
had a fun night  smile 
is gonna use paint on class today  for some reason i don't think it's a good idea 
"i would say my day couldn't get any worse, but i know it can and it will if i say so  so i'm just gonna be myself, and don't say anything "
how can i show pictures to my family if my computer won't work  i hate you computer  a lot!!!
i'm so happy about the construction outside my dorm  they are making noise all night long  how they e playful ect students to do well if they have no sleep and headaches during the whole night  did i mention it's all night long?
uhhh  giant caramelized apple!! i love my mom!!
"dear sore throat, you have to go away now  nobody likes you "
"itunes, why are you playing only depressive songs? you're stupid "
doesn't understand the fun in breaking all elevators light 
had a very fun afternoon   laugh 
what the hell was the antropology class about? i didn't think i would need to know economics to understand it  i never felt so lost in a class like today 
i wish i had found out about my cancelled class before i went to the <propmale> studio  not that i'm complaining or anything 
"guess who have the worst class schedule for next semester?!!? i can say bye to sleep, and fridays   "
i thought that only mondays were suposed to suck  not tuesdays 
"dear guitar, thanks for improving my mood  my day may be bad, but it's worst with bad mood "
thanks girls for helping my day end good  i needed to laugh!
is almost done with her <propmale> project 
 love  <propfemale> sykes  her new show is awesome!!
"is so happy about having only one class tomorrow, even though it's an 8 am class  (that way i can have a gingerbread latte without facing a huge line!!)"
lunch and then drawing toothpicks  annoyed  
<propfemale>    toothpick drawing    yeah    not gonna happen  i'm sure i'll regret this tomorrow 
"bad mood, go away "
1 month to go home  smile 
is so happy she doesn't have class until 1 smile 0 
doesn't like <propmale> projects that keep her from sleeping  mainly when they are stupid and useless 
"wishes the news were not always about war, violence and disagreement  we need more news about cute animals!!  smile "
fails!
doen't like people who think they are the only one in the world with classes and responsabilities  i'm not free the whole day just to help people out and answer my phone 
my ipod has a very weird sense of humor  it kept playing song about sun  it's not funny ipod 
is sure she is gonna forget something  even though she's sure she got everything 
"dear tiredness, i hate you  go away "
finnaly at the hotel  watching hairspray!! i  love  <propfemale> latifah 
the light just turned on by itself    should i be scared?
is in florida and so glad to be out of the cold!
ate rice and beans  laugh  it's so good to eat brazilian food!!
wants to watch glee  they music of the week are awesome!
critical review writing still not my thing    at least i'm done with 1 21 of my <propmale> homework for the week 
why did my coutry have another blackout this year? how can i look stuff up about a previous one for an essay when only stuff about the new one show up?
"got to watch her favorite tv show from when she was a kid, <propfemale> the teenage witch   smile  and i still love it "
is not ready to go back  sad 
had an awesome time with her aunt!
"yep, just broke a key from my keyboard  it's official now, my computer is literally falling apart "
is back to jmu 
is excited about going home and getting away from the cold  only 2 more weeks!
today is a historical day  i only said my name once when ordering a hot chocolate 
it's a very nice say outside  i wish i didn't have to study go to class 
loves the sunset near the lake  it's to only cool thing about living where i do 
anybody going to washington on the 11th?
loves listening to the xmas song while on the bus 
i really don't like my facebook right now  i also think it has no right to suggest what i should do 
"done with classes!! now only 1 portifolio review, 1 <propmale> project, 1 essay and 1 final  that is, if i survive the portifolio review to begin with   "
hate check out hours of hotels  what the hell am i supposed to do with a huge bag from 11 am to 6pm in washington?
should be studying  or packing  but that's not happening   
feels extremely useless about her day  at least i started packing   
had a very interesting ride in the elevator    next time i'm taking the stairs   
i seem like a kid seeing snow! so excited!!! it's soooo beautiful!!
last xmas + glee = perfect xmas song!
listening to <propmale> xmas song reminds me of home!
i don't think using my credit card to open the door works  i need to remind myself of that   
is going to fail in drawing  portifolio is veeery bad!
"it's incredible how some people don't have any respect to others who are studying, but demand a huge amount for them "
is  getting ready to get mad at myself for being clumsy when painting!
listening to glee while studying make it not so bad  smile 
"just ruined her project she spent the whole day doing, cut her finger and kicked a water cup all over the room, now half of the material is wet too  did i mention i was almost done with the project, and i have no time tomorrow to do it? yep, i'm such a lucky person  fml"
figured out what to do about her ruined <propmale> project  unfortunately that doesn't mean i'll get any sleep   
"5 hours and 1 pencil later, and my sketchbook still not done  i'll just try again tomorrow   "
woke up in a mood to get stuff done  finally my mood has a perfect timing!
"rain, i hate you "
should have listened to herself earlier 
"done with portifolio  heading to the <propmale> studio to finish project and the have my review  after that, i'll probably be done with <propmale> "
had an awesome portifolio review and her project look great!
"is excited about glee, but sad at the same time  3 months is too much!"
playing pool with me or around me tonight was very dangerous 
almost done packing  then studying for last final 
"final on friday, i hate you  i could be home tomorow morning, but nooo, you had to happen  now i have to wait until monday "
"is sure i won't be able to study everything for the test tomorrow and studying what i know less about is not working, considering that i'm almost sleeping on the book "
dinner break then more study  i think there is still hope that i will finish everything!
is done and very happy about her decision to come to jmu  can't wait for next semester  smile 
bye bye jmu
"is finally at the hotel, after getting lost in washington, on the freezing weather, with a huge bag  what a good day "
glee time!! finally!!
i love the fact that everytime i stay at a hotel i get to see my favorite musicals on tv!
taking pictures of maps on her computer because she forgot a pen to <propfirst> on the map  at least now i won't get lost 
time for lunch  cheesecake factory is waiting for me!
hoooomeeee!
is making her sister addicted to glee!
"is happy about her grades, except her critical thinking grade  it's not my fault i'm not fluent in english, or is it?"
has a new haircut  it is awesome!
tryed to help her mom make cookies  and failed miserably 
had a great dinner with her family!
decorated cookies and gingerbread houses and made pizza with wraps  looking at last sentence it may seem like i actually know how to cook  i don't 
had a good time finally seeing her friends yesterday 
i still haven't get used to brazilian time  i bet that will happen one day before i leave 
"way to suck, tv  30 minutes to glee, and you decide to fail "
<propfemale> christmas!
is very happy about <propfemale> rueder's accomplishment  you worked hard and made it! i'm so happy for you!!
going to the beach  happy new year to everybody!
happy 2011! conseguimos escapar do transito infernal de final de ano!!!
just discovered i'm actually going back on the 7th    (my flight is midnight!)
<propfemale> rodriguez on avatar ftw!
farewell dinner number one tonight  mom's family + outback 
only 3 more days till i go back!
is saying bye to her friends today 
there is a reason i don't like wearing heels  getting stuck in the elevator door is never fun 
packing  then airport  bye-bye home 
"is in the airport  discovered her flight is 1 hour late, meaning i'll be late for my second flight  fml"
is in harrisonburg and very cold 
jmu!
dinner at ehall = awesome! so good to be back 
fails with my english today  didn't think three weeks would affect me this much 
had a good first day 
new <propfemale> keys album is amazing!
"my gmail account is either crazy or stupid  it says it's snowing back at home  i know the weather has been crazy, but snow is a little too much "
"is excited about her greek history class  is not so excited to how much reading she's gonna have to do to said class, all in a very counfusing english "
loves hot chocolate!
"if schools were to close everytime it rained too much back at home, we would never have class "
"\the man does better who runs from disaster than he who is caught by it\"""""
spartacus has the most awesome visual effects ever!!
there's a rainbow outside!!
"dear cellphone, i hate you  why do stop working when i need to make a call?"
i totally won the game at me meeting tonight!
tommorow will be such a god day  i hope i have time to breath   
class  international career day  bowling  i wish i could just skip the first two 
watching imagine me & you and drinking hot chocolate!
has a fairly clean and organized room  lets see how long that will last   
hates forgeting words 
the <propfemale> is beautiful!
is tired of believing everything i tell myself 
lady gaga + <propmale> <propfirst> = awesomeness!
"had a dream that included waterfalls, moving statues and mountains  i'm having weird dreams and it's not even the end of semester  (i have weird dreams when i'm stresed out and tired )"
yay for getting class canceled! (even though i had to walk to memorial to find out about it)
"really don't understand what american politicians see in my country's president  if he was that good, we wouldn't have so much crap in the government "
"hate feeling like i have too much stuff to do, but i really don't   "
thinks that her greek culture class would be awesome if not for the akward teacher that does not seem to know what he is doing 
yay for getting my class cancelled already! no classes tomorrow!!!
"dear brain, i know giving you caffeine was fun and you went crazy for most of the day, and i couldn't pay attention to anything or anyone for most of the time, but it's time to do work  stop being so crazy  it's not like you had a lot of caffeine anyway   "
estou bem e no meu quarto  mais detalhes no blog em breve  smile 
love the fact that we're having a 4-day weekend!!
attempt to do my reading (that was due today) fails 
"i should be awarded with a prize for forgetting the dress i was going to wear tonight at home, and only checking to see if i got it today  i'm so smart "
"dear day, thank you for not being a crap like yesterday  you couldn't get any better actually  love, me"
exercised for the first time in 2010  i feel so proud of myself! (not really)
"got a virus on her computer  i'm so lucky  my computer is old, grumpy and sick  i'm starting to get suspicious it might be a real person "
my computer is dead  anybody have a windows  playful  cd i could borrow? it's my last hope 
"i don't have a computer anymore, at least for 2 weeks  if you want to contact me, my phone is the best option "
"not having my own computer is really annoying me  i wish i could check my e-mail whenever i wanted, and not having to bother people to do it "
fails
yay for no mid-terms until next week 
starts working tomorrow!
wants to stop reading stuff about greek people and play guitar 
hates prepositions 
listening to my itunes playlist just reminds how weird my music taste was is 
done with midterms  2 classes to go 
"guess who dumped her jaccard, flash drive, and credit card behind the washing machine? and guess who have work on that flash drive that is due tomorrow? yep, that would be me  fml"
my roommate to saved my life 
"omg, glee is having a summer tour  i'm so not going home "
spring break!!!
getting ready for dc day 1  a beautiful <propfemale> day 1 
 love  cupcakes!
 love  <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>
reading at the washington harbour = best day ever!
can't wait to see the runaways 
is watching snow white!
homework day  and possibly <propfemale> in wonderland 
<propfemale> in wonderland = my new favorite movie 
doesn't like the time change 
anybody want to go the glee show with me?
needs to watch <propfemale> again  just need to find time 
has an awesome job!
nobody want to go to the glee show with me?
is hearing music as loud as she can and forgetting the world 
"has a pretty annoying paper due tomorrow  not half way done, and i have no idea what to write anymore  fml"
my itunes is on disney or disney related songs mood 
had a very inspiring weekend  it was awesome!
this is week is finally over  now i can finally sleep and not do work 
my room is finally clean 
i'll figure it out as soon as i figure it out
"can't do my homework if i'm sleeping  maybe i should just take a nap instead, and hope i dream that i'm doing homework "
is anyone looking for a roomate to live on campus or know somebody that needs one? i really need to find someone asap!!!
feliz páscoa  happy easter!!
"dear dreams, please go find a new theme or whatever  i'm tired of the same annoying dream every night  i'm done "
i must have been really hungry when i wrote my paper  instead of 'it' i put 'eat' 
"rain, go away "
"dear gcom book, there is nothing positive in benevolent sexism  being seen as someone who needs to be protected is not a positive stereotype to women  you suck, me "
"glee's \the power of madonna\"" should have been named \""the power of will schuester\"""""
nap and free popsicle at the quad! i love my life!
fml
exactly one month until the glee concert     not that i'm counting or anything   
yay for class getting canceled and not having to do a stupid test today 
done with classes! 4 finals to go 
i knew everything in my gcom study guide and still didn't do well  i just don't understand life sometimes  should i not study for my next final and e playful ect to do well?
i was going to e-mail my mom  then i realized she is probably on a plane on her way here  i guess i will just talk to her when she gets here  laugh 
to glee or not to glee that is the question 
"\i don't know how to turn on a computer\"""""
awesome night to end an awesome year!  smile 
"most exhausting day ever  2 finals, a bunch of stuff to turn in and packing, packing, packing  i don't even understand words anymore  i'm impressed i can write and make sense "
"i'm not home, but not at jmu either  dc today, florida tomorrow!"
half baked and s'mores ice cream! best way to start the summer!
feliz <propfemale> das maes happy mothers day!
no internet til thursday 
"back online  awesome few days at the beach  i'm pretty sure i'm as white as i was before, but thats ok, i still have a few months of summer "
"guess i'm not coming back to hburg today, in dc for the night  after missing my flight, i had to wait for 3 more flights till i got a place  sooo tired  i hope my mom have a good flight!"
"its colder here then it is at home, even though its almost summer here and almost winter there  wtf?"
ny next weekend! all things set!
afternoon at the arboretum was awesome  i missed the sun!
"re-watching <propfemale>, all seasons "
seeing my father and sister pillow fight through skype  i love my family!
omgaga! best episode of glee ever  poker face was the best song! and the burt-kurt-finn scene almost made me cry 
packing for the weekend  i'm dead  i'm pretty sure my head will e playful lode soon 
"going to ny, if the train get here today "
i would get off at the wrong train station  ny finnaly
off to e playful lore the city  first stop: food 
"my adventure was a success  i walked from 87 to time square and back  yes, i am crazy"
"glee and promises, promises tomorrow  it's gonna be the best day ever!"
"glee was amazing  also seeing <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> walking down the street, and the special apperance of <propfirst>  and <propfemale> was the best part  now promises, promises with <propfemale> chenoweth  best day ever"
heading back 2 hburg soon  this weekend was awesome!
best thing about staying @ hostel is meetin a bunch of interesting people 
just moved to her new place!
i'm pretty sure there is a zoo outside my window  i've heard about 10 different animals 
"must be the longest blog i've ever written  people at home, you better be happy  not that i'm not enjoying writing about my awesome weekend "
"\i'm so depressed\"""""
"my guitar sounds so beautiful right now, like a cat screaming, if that makes any sense at all "
"\what do you get when you fall in love? you only get lies and pain and sorrow so for at least until tomorrow i'll never fall in love again \"""""
"yep, most depressing movie i've ever seen "
i want a tv so i can watch glee  sad 
what a great way to start the day  my bus crashed 
ice cream and the possible going to the pool!  smile 
"good thing about not being home summer 2010? not having to put up with the world cup  it's the only time brazilians care about the country, but ignore all the crap that is really important, like starving children, violence and corruption "
sometims i wish i could erase some stupid people from my life 
watching the <propfirst>'s and eating some brazilian food  life is good!
"yep, <propfemale> <propfemale> has the best voice in the universe "
"i hate having creative outburst just before going to sleep  and now that i actually have photoshop, it's really hard convincing myself i should sleep "
the only bad thing about not being home during world cup is that i don't get to gather with family and friends and have fun   sad 
"just walked about 10 minutes in the rain  it was fun, and there was a beautiful rainbow  smile "
"listening to <propfemale> burana and reminding myself how much i love it  also, how much i was scared of it when i was a kid  good times   "
i wonder why it took me forever to remember how much i like to draw  it was the only thing that calmed me today  and i don't suck that much!
rip <propfirst> saramago  you were one of the best writers  wrote the favorite book i read at school  the world will miss someone as smart as you  sad 
today the best brazilian celebration is happening  and guess where i am? not home   sad 
skype with my whole family during the match  making rice and beans to feel more at home   smile 
is going home soon  i can only hope i won't be locked out  i swear i will kick the door down if i am 
itunes cleaning  hopefully that will inspire me to do something about my room 
"i'm trying to understand why do i have so many rap in my playlist  i never went through a rap phase  must be from my \download anything that i will never listen in my life\"" phase """
"\it took me 88 years to find out i got game \"""""
"my ears are very happy to be listening to the cast recording of promises, promises!"
"while most brazilians were watching a game with germany and england playing, our volleyball team was kicking ass against holland  but obviously, who would care? and people wonder why i hate soccer so much "
estou presa no porao da biblioteca ate o fim do <propfemale>  nunca mais reclamarei de trabalhar na outra biblioteca  pelo menos tinha janela 
the sky is the most beautiful color i've ever seen right now 
i'm not letting it happen this time  not again 
i had a feeling today would be a good day  i was right!  laugh 
"dear dr  <propfirst> new from florida,\\you make me sick  people like you should never be doctors \\k thx bai"
brazil lost and i don't care  i think that makes me a bad brazilian   
needs a hair cut 
grilled cheese  laugh 
had way too much coffee  4 cups in 30 minutes  no need to say i'm jumping up and down  should do this more often  i like having energy!
"there will be a <propfemale> spears glee episode  i'm crying  i'm going mute every time there is a song  ;-( and no, i'm not being sarcastic "
watching the first <propmale> potter  they are so small    its so cute!!!
covert affairs is my new favorite tv show  <propfemale> perabo is great as ever!
"i'm probably going to be murdered by all brazilians, but thumbs up to <propfemale>  i'm impressed, really "
"it should be illegal to be as unlucky as i am  but i am home, so i don't care  home sweet home  smile "
off to see the the family  happy to be home!
had a great day with great people  it's gonna be sad to say bye  sad 
organizing place to cheese and wine with everybody later today and listening to glee  great day!
conclusion of tonight: my family has cheese to last a lifetime  too bad i won't be at home to eat it all 
is dead  i want to sleep forever 
glee reruns ftw  smile 
"tonight i'm going to sleep with a smile on my face thankfully to the step towards equality made in <propfemale>  i might not be <propfemale>n, but i'm still proud of the country "
"i'm finally moving on  this time for good, i hope "
i was reading a book in portuguese and i came across the word sugar  i wondered why was there an english word in the book  then i realized it was portuguese  fail
my professor just told a story about a guy who couldnt turn on a computer and turned out to be good at computer science  that makes me feel better about the fact i dont know anything about the <propmale> 
i think i have a ghost roommate  i've seem her twice since friday 
so far so good 
done with first week  i feel proud that i manage to not sleep at any classes 
"i feel like someone beat me up  oh, wait, that did happen   "
"dear universe, can you please erase today off of my life  i would greatly appreciate it "
"people at home: new blog! yes, i'm still alive!"
my plan for tomorrow: drink buckets of coffee and don't act like a zombie   smile 
i think it's about time 
reading an assignment i did while almost falling asleep is fun  all i have to do now is figure out what i was trying to say 
i need sleep  and to watch glee  i don't think either will happen til the weekend 
you need to know a new language to understand my notes  i've never been so happy for the existence of multiple-choice tests like i am now
glee dvd and a tv = best bday gift ever  smile   love  my family!!! thanks a lot  smile  i miss you guys!
thanks for all the birthday wishes  laugh 
"no, i wasn't joking when i said i would mute my tv during <propfemale> spears music on glee "
seeing my mom tomorrow  all i need to do is survive my two exams before that 
on my music test there was a question bout a father and son that were in something to do with folk music  one of the answer options was usher and <propfirst> bieber  it was really hard to not laugh 
just failed my first test  yay!
it was nice to see my mother  it was not nice to be a punch bag for my tkd instructor who decided to take his stress out on us 
is cold and tired  and possibly sick  sad 
just got more sleep from a nap at the library then the last two nights together   annoyed 
people at my tae kwon do class think we will get superpowers and conquer the world with what we learn  last time i checked superpowers (sadly) don't exist 
starting my weekend early! class cancelled  now im going to sleep  someone wake me monday morning 
"having to argue about how <propmale> potter books will not draw children into the \occult\"" or whatever is so much fun  wish all my assignments were like that """
"for those that didn't know, i'm crazy  for those that did, it's worst then you thought "
"had brazilian music in my music class  it was interesting to see it from another point of view  actually, i'm impressed the professor didn't make any mistakes about our history "
"i feel like the glee writers are copying and pasting scenes from last season to this season  guy singing in the shower, girl cleaning guy with slushy  very original "
"my brain is about to blow up, and the week hasn't even started  yay!"
"put this as your status if you are, know or love someone who is in the lgbtqaqi community  our wish is that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice  people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking for acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this "
"o meu livro sobre historia do filme: americanos fizeram isso, inovaram isso, or europeus fizeram aquilo, mas os americanos fizeram melhor, entao ignore os europeus  eles tambem inovaram isso, apesar de ser racista, e outros americanos fizeram um contra racismo, mas nao liga pra eles nao, porque nao sao importantes  uma imagem otima pra pessoas internacionais   "
yay naps!
world watch out: the mexican terrorist ants could attack any day!  love  glee so much!
"stupid lab  took me 3 hours to finish, and i have no idea what i did in order to make it work "
i've been wanting to watch the corpse bride all week    guess whats on right now? it's going to be interesting trying to study 
"i hope the elections go well today, even though i highly doubt we are going to get a decent president   "
this brazilian website says we have elected the first women president as if it is a good thing  women like her make me ashamed to be a women  it's going to be long 4 years of nothing good to my country  sad 
"excuse me while i whine about not signing up for classes until monday, and knowing i won't have classes to take next semester "
this day is finally over  and it was a total success   smile 
stupid program  i decided that i hate hangman  and i hate computers 
"put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in hogwarts in the siege by the death eaters during the second wizarding war  the order brings unity, but the death eaters continue to <propmale> division and hatred  57ish citizens died in the terrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of people won't repost this  repost to show your support of dumbledore's army!"
seeing f1 on the tv reminds me of lazy sunday mornings at home  and the fact that this race is actually at home makes me smile 
"scheduling classes was a success  i might have back-to-back all tuesdays and thursdays, but i'm free friday "
longest day ever    i just want to take a shower and sleep forever 
"lost my phone  if you need to contact me, facebook is the way "
is almost home  3 days  smile 
"just checked my plane ticket, and my flight time is 10:16pm  16? why can't it be 15? lol"
trying to read the notes i wrote yesterday night is close to impossible  i don't know if its because of the little sleep i had or because i wrote them so late that i forgot how to speak english 
done  now i'm a bus drive and a flight from home  which i'm pretty sure is worse then the test i had today  i can't wait until there is teletransport 
is home   laugh 
oh god  please leave <propfemale> alone  don't mess with perfection!
"okay paper, i already wrote a third of you  now you can act like a grown up and finish yourself without my help  tnxkbai"
happy thanksgiving to everybody from us!
getting ready to party!!
"awesome night with awesome people  going back to us tonight, but i'll be back in 3 weeks  laugh "
"boa sorte pra quem <propfemale> pres<propfemale>ndo fuvest, especialmente meu irmao  smile "
i am 150 words from being done with one of my classes  then i only have 5 exams to deal with and then i will be done  (i'm trying to stay positive)
"better then the fact that is snowing, it's people reactions to it  includes: randomly singing xmas songs and yelling at the sky to stop snowing "
"i suspect there is a gnome in my brain, stealing all my english knowledge  anyone know how to kill it, let me know "
hot cocoa  smile 
"having to listen to the beatles, <propfemale> <propmale>, the supremes, <propfirst> wonder and a buch of other cool songs for music test make studying not that bad "
exam 1 and part 1 of exam 2 today! then i will be 33 3333333333   % done with my clases 
this is a very weird day 
"the day is finnally done  computer science test was a complete failure  just the encouragement i needed before finals week  i would kick my computer now, but i kinda need it so i don't fail at the rest of my tests "
"i recommed that people use iceskates to their exams today  also, be careful of isat front door "
stupid hth final
"2 days of finals, and then home  smile "
congrats to my brother and everybody that graduated today at my old school   smile 
done!
"things packed, room cleaned, everything ready "
"apparently, my bag is already headed home, and i'm not  next time i'm hidding in my luggage "
"it's official  my bag is at home and i am not  my mom solution is that i go shopping so i have stuff to bring home  after all, i have 4 hours free before my flight "
home
early christmas with arab food is the best  now night with friends  smile 
gingerbread cookies and xmas music!
it's <propfemale> weird listening to music talking about winter wonderland and snow when it's 70f outside   
<propfemale> christmas   feliz natal!
packing and getting ready to go to the beach  happy new years to everybody and be careful!
had a legit mexican dinner!
packing!
in hburg! it's sooo cold!!
jmu!
postei novo blog!
"a little scare about my literature class  i have to do 5 papers, 1 presentation and 5 tests    on the other side i'm super excited about my cs classes!"
got my computer back  smile 
the good think about having my last name is that professors remember who i am by the end of the 1st week of class 
wtf abc harrisonburg? they put ramdom kids out of nowhere just because a guy was kissing the hand of his husband  that's disgusting   
finally done 
my only class of the day was 2 smile 0    yay cancelled classes!!
stupid history paper 
i knew things were too good to be true  it was the calm before the storm 
"\i should probably stop drinking while doing this things \"" - my professor on his typos on his power point presentations """
fail
stupid week 
friday cant come soon enough  <propfemale> tired 
in nyc!
walking to the time square  half-way there  i'll try to blog later  smile 
is seeing <propfemale> griffin live on friday! best week ever!
memphis is awesome!
happy international women's day!
day on soho was great  now getting ready to see wicked tonight! so excited!!
<propfemale> griffin was amazing  she is genius!!!
"i don't know what's up with me getting sick every time i come to ny, but i'm not a fan  all i want to do is enjoy my last day here  sad "
brazilian food and central park: best way to end the break  now i'm looking at my bag wondering if i should try and organize it or just leave the mess it is   
it's way to early to be awake  leaving ny in a bit 
it is good to be back 
apparently my professor thinks 8pm today is a good time to e playful lain an essay we have to do due tomorrow 
"had a interesting discussion about patriotism and war in my history class  while i don't agree with most of the stuff said, it was interesting to see a different perspective then i'm used to hearing about "
it's suposed to snow tomorrow??????
i hate this week 
novo post no blog!!!  http annoyed  jmue playful br blogspot com 2011 04 ola html
