277cdd01975f8ad6fafa56798ae26140
ughh  all these people   
finally got a facebook
gotta take an ap world history final   which is nothing but a movie   
"i have been watching the show, lost, for about 5 years now, and lost is a show with a lot of mysteries and twists, so the epic finale was supposed to be epic and they would finally e playful lain everything!    but it was not  you wanna know what happened to the past 5 or 6 years of my life?   lost"
"nobody's home and i am singin along to \stayin alive\"" in a crazy falsetto voice!!"""
"hey important discovery!!!  if ur volume is really loud on the pc, and u drag ur mouse, there is a low almost inaudible buzzing!"
dont u hate when u put sunscreen on and u still get burned? in addition to mowing for about 6 hrs   ?
"saw <propfirst> hood  great movie, but wasn't really a <propfirst> hood feeling movie "
"hey u know in ur little chat box, there's a green cirle that indicates people r online  well what does the gray crescent <propfemale> mean?"
i am sooooooooooooooo lonely
goin to <propfirst> 2morrow!!!!!!!!!
"back from <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!  was great except the first day i lost my passport and was detained for about two hrs on a french police bench, until they finally came and said they found it on the plane   but other than that was great   "
bout to start driving school      mmmmm
saw inception last nite  one of the best and most imaginative movies i have ever seen  smile 
finally got a twitter account! im following 4 actors from house!
first day of school was very similar to last year    so not very exciting  sad 
"well gang, it looks like we have another mystery on our hands! case: the secret admirer         any guesses or confessions? well it's up to scooby to save the day     "
takin my liscence test 2morrow!!!!
"jammin to \eye of the tiger\"" b4 my drivers test!"""
the end of 1984?  made the entire rest of the book       disappointing 
2 days til house season 6 comes to dvd!!!! gonna buy it!!!!!! and add it to the every  other seasons i have(which is all of them)
1 day til house season 6 comes to dvd!!!! gonna buy it!!!!!! and add it to the every other seasons i have(which is all of them)
kablooshhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! it's the day ive waited a year for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooo!!!!!
well i gotta go and watch my brother do a tae kwon do belt test  it it so exciting      but not really 
so i saw deric doan at my bro's karate test and my eyes e playful loded from his sheer awesomeness!
"i hate when people put \i love u\"" as there status  surely they dont love everybody """
"so how bout i fired up my space engines, and i figured out my hyperdrive was damaged  so then the empire starts bombing me! sure, pick on the little broken ship with me and a wookie in it  why are we even important to them? i dont get it   "
going to homecoming with <propfemale>!
who is ready for the ultimate showdown!?!?!? head versus the heart! how will it play out? stay tuned to find out!
i really dislike grendel  wats up it?
"life is truckin along pretty well  assuming that you humans consider me \alive \"" assuming my simulated emotions were not \""artificial \"""""
goin to the fair tomorrow!!!
i won 2 first places and one third on some <propmale> pieces i submitted to the fair  do i hear 120 dollars???
anyone ever heard of the 80s metal band 'riot'? heard em a day ago and now theyre practically my favorite band haha
ughhhhh my heart feels like it weighs a thousand pounds  sad 
wooooooo! just got starwars the clone wars season 2 on dvd! how cool am i right?
"i just finished a new version of the first chapter of grendel  man, i hated that book! but my version is freaking awesome! and i finished a week early cos im turning it in as a personnal essay for mr <propfirst> "
watched prom night         huge disappointment
liebe ist fur alle da! gott helfe ihnen alle 
"just watched inception  i mean, i think i did, but it might have been a dream  and typing this on fb could be a dream  and you reading all of this could be a dream too   "
so i didnt know today was daylight savings time until my stepmom woke me up for church this morning    
"is it a little trippy that im on fb while watching \the social network?\"""""
its always wierd when a worker is working right outside your window when you're chillin inside   
"sigh    apparently i didnt set my alarm right and imagine my surprise when i was walking out the door, that i had a whole hour before i needed to leave  sad "
"i had a dream that i actually got to go to the line with the chicken sandwiches and fries  surprise   and i paid the guy with a 5, which is extra, so he paid me back with a 50  random acts of kindness?     and then i woke up         "
i just saw <propmale> potter and voldemort have a rap off on utube  twas quite funny  smile 
getting on facebook and not getting a notification is like opening a present and getting socks    --words of wisdom by <propfirst>
pajamas and nothing to do  -i love saturdays
-\wow," you are ugly \""\"277cdd01975f8ad6fafa56798ae26140,"\   the fact that the sexual pleasure center of your cerebral cortex has been over-stimulated by spirochetes is a poor basis for a relationship  learned that one the hard way \"" -house"""
"hmmm  <propmale> potter? a solid good film    but there was something odd about the whole thing and i'm not sure what  maybe it will resolve itself in part two, but still, this was one of the best"
shawshank redemption= great movie
"hmmmm, maybe for thanksgiving, ill eat a census taker's liver with a side of fava beans and a nice chianti  fufufufufufuh!  -hannibal the cannibal-"
im thankful for           everything
"just watched memento for the first time      i mean, i think i did  -if uve seen it, u'll know wat that means-"
awake  where am i?
"just finished grendel part two for my <propfemale> essay  happy, happy, happy    "
numa numa iei!
stop with the <propfirst> people! it's rotting my brain  into mesh 
woa! today is 12-11-10
who dislikes this new fb change they have going on? it's impractical  sad 
team blade
have u noticed how many cell phone commercials there are now? it makes u wonder what we were advetised before their invention        
$65 recieved  too bad money isnt the secret to happiness   -words of wisdom by <propfirst>-
just saw narnia 3  it was pretty good i may say 
in the words of aerosmith      im back in the saddle again!
"double rainbow! oh, this intense! all the way across the sky!"
"well i had the bright idea of wearing pj's to school, and of course, i was made to go all the way back home and get \real\"" pants! stupid @#%@!*&% school!"""
marry poppins is my perfect woman
"i saw an indian boy with an extra pair of legs, arms, and testacles growing out of his stomach  yum   playful "
"tron: legacy -the review-  this movie sucked  badly  it may be passable for those who havnt seen the original, but since i checked out the old one on youtube right before i saw the new one, i was deeply disappointed"
it's always a shame when you're picking out <propfemale>'s secret models to be in your next <propmale> piece  smile 
bah humbug! jk lol  <propfemale> christmasssssss!
i am vengence  i am the knight! i   am   batman!!!
"had a dream, that everybody had swapped bodies  would make for an excellent movie, if a man had visual agnosia that hindered his plight to do   something   havent figured that part out"
it feels like its been 2011 for forever  here goes round two of '11 i suppose   
it's a trap!!!
"no the journey doesn´t end here    death is just another path    one that we always take  the gray rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass    and then you see it   white shores, and beyond    a far green country, and a swift sun rise     -\gandalf\"""""
slumdog millionaire= undeserving of best picture       but it was ok though
"if you hear a howling tonight, that's just me because the <propfemale> is full  you know us werewolves   "
just bought the office season 6  smile 
finally finished with my mermaid drawing      thats a week late   
nice guys finish last!
"i'm going to tackle the day one step at a time, like a carpenter building stairs  wink "
   are you ready?
"i just saw my uncle <propfirst> on a commercial, who is the creator of <propfemale> <propmale>'s  smile "
i love giving cats baths   
"trailer for \x-men first class\"" seems   a little 'iffy' to me  looks very corny and a little unrealistic          i just dont know   but it may be good """
"trust me, i'm a doctor  they call me dr love!"
"such a sad, somber, dreary <propfirst>'s day"
"wow, just signed up on starwars com  i think that's the nerdiest ive gotten   "
that new asian journey singer sounds just like <propmale> <propfirst>
it's amazing how much of your day goes by when watching hitler parodies with changed subtitles
"call me spongebob, but i just ripped my pants"
"top 5 movies: memento, shutter island, the dark knight, superman ('79), and <propfemale> wars: empire strikes back"
oscars!
blaring music from inception makes finding research topic sources all the more adventursome
"the worst thing in the world is when you hear a cool song in a movie trailer and you spend hours trying to google what it is, but nobody on the planet knows what it is! aghh! and it gets under your skin cos its such a great tune and you dont have the rest of it "
woo! i just won a weekly caption contest for a photo on starwars com! which means: they have a pic on the site and we have to write something witty or funny and they'll select their favs  and i was one of them  smile 
"i hate when you put your hotdogs in the microvave and then after theyre done, you realize you're out of buns   "
"i love to <propmale> a black costume cape, eat some snacks, and turn on the dark knight full volume  smile "
saw the harlem globetrotters last night  smile 
"just watched a girl get proposed to by a giant singing mob on the show \mobbed \"" she bawled like a baby   aint that sweet?   smile """
"i should ask every girl out today  that way, if they say no, i can say, \april fool's!\"""""
"well, my mom got one of those powerband things that help with balance  so, i tried it out with a handstand, and it worked for a while       until i got offbalance and face-planted the hard floor      "
