62b84e8fb91772e2017e7693275343ab
it's now 2011!!!! happy new year everyone may all your wishes and dreams come true! and i wish everyone the absolute best! kisses'!
my new year starts with my parents losing my dog  wonderful!! i hope i find my rebel   sad  i can't believe i'm starting my new year like this
"well this day is starting out great!!!  annoyed  woke up to a couple of ant bites possibly a spider bite, and i guess i had a allergic reaction to it since my underarm is now swollen! how wonderful!"
"four stitches, $200 dollars, and a swollen knee the size of three knees combined  sucks but at least it was an adventure  first time getting stitches  got to look on the bright side! lol"
everyone is getting engaged and married and getting pregnant and having babies   is there something going around or what? i mean good for them but   gheez  
really excited to see lifehouse tomorrow  smile  they're amazing!
"today was a good day  laugh  i got into this class that i wanted, my first quiz grade in poli science   100!!! and i had a great time shopping and decorating the room of my bff <propfirst> hernandez  love "
"i  love  my education classes sometime! today's activity we read a book about this legendary carpet, we made our own carpets and then sat on the floor and played this alladin roller-coaster game while sitting on our magic carpets  fun!!!  (and to think some ppl were actually complaining!!!?)"
i'm so excited for tomorrow!!  i hope my cute big black labrador doggie is still at the shelter so i can adopt him  smile  smile 
"one more class and on my way to pick up my beautiful black lab \rebel\""  smile  so excited!"""
after a long day yesterday i finally got my doggie rebel  i  love  him so much he already went poopy by himself and had a nice long walk this morning with me  smile  now time for class  sad  it sucked leaving him home  
and there you were calling me sugar  
i'm so hungry for like some red meat! like a big steak!!  sad 
"my brother: \edra it's not that hard to be a teen mom right??  i mean it's not like the parents are going to kill her right?\"" wtf <propmale>!!! you get someone pregnant i will kill you and the little ho!"""
cafe e playful ress and movie  smile  yumyumyum and great movie(the town)!!! had so much fun with <propfemale> esquivel and our double date!!  smile 
could really use some coffee  i have absolutely no energy today!!!
if you are sitting far away from me but i can still hear every word from your earphones and i can tell exactly what song it is  you my friend have a problem  a hearing problem!!!!
i want a black silk robe  sad 
i hate when girls dumb themselves out and sound stupid for no apparent reason! how are they not embarrassed because i'm embarrassed for them!
my luck just turned around! i found some weed!! jk i thought it was weed but it's just a dollar! but hey money is money!
today will be a good day!  smile 
hungover from last night but still woke up at 7 to go to the 5k run to bring awareness for kids that have been abused and neglected  if i can do it you can too!
so cold in the freaking library!! enough studying for tonight  
what was supposed*** to be a good night turned out bad! awesome!
my bra decides it wants to break right now   perfect timeing  ugh!
had a good time with isho and kat eating japanese food! yum!
hate ignorant parents!! i taught this boy what an anaconda was and he told the whole class and was so excited to tell his parents!!  they just ignored him! ugh!
frustrated!
had the best time teaching kindergarten today!!!!  smile  what a great class! next time i get 2nd grade!! excited about that too  smile 
i need a job! anyone knows where i could waitress at here in huntsville? i think i'd be a kick ass waitress!! tip me baby! lol
neighbors loved my tacos! lol
"i feel as though i've  gained a rare <propfemale>, which i had previously mistaken for a very attractive piece of cut glass "
at ren fest with <propfemale> and kat smile ) yay first time camping! this will be fun!
"there is something so beautiful about a fire  watching the captivating flames being slowly blown away by the wind  the different shades of yellow orange and red just luring you in  i think i can watch it for days and not even bother to blink   then i think how can something so beautiful so captivating, be so dangerous to get close too  "
"needed that wonderful weekend  love   love   love   so happy things are looking up, have a's in all my classes, my school load is getting a little lighter, and i have this week all to myself  smile   ahhhh i can finally breathe!"
just figured out this morning that i have a test i forgot to study for  oh well it's not going to ruin my good mood!!  love   love  + i can't wait to carve pumpkins today with the roomies! come join us!!! but bring your own pumpkin! lol
scared!!!
taking my doggie rebel to the vet in a bit   sad  poor baby has little worms in his poop!  sad 
hitting up shanasties! feeling like dancing!
can't wait for this friday  love   smile ))
so warn out   but one more party just one more! lol  smile 
it's so weird how i'm so much more productive and willing to get things done when i have absolutely no sleep and feel like my body has been hit by a truck! lol
this cold weather is perfect for a great night sleep  smile ))
people with road rage need to seriously get a life or get laid because there is no reason to be that angry in the freaking morning!
tonight i am going to sleep soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!  smile ))
omg the greatest hits of the 90's are playing on the radio!!!!! can this weekend get any more awesome!!? i think not! lol
 love  always be yourself because everyone else is taken  love 
"weird guy in computer lab: \hey i'm sorry i seem to have lost my phone  can you please call it this is my #\"" i call  it was in his pocket   he left  i get a text  \""thanks cutie\""   i knew it was a trick!! lol"""
you know what  i don't care if it's not swimming weather  today i will go to the pool!!! i miss it!
my dog loves grapes!! how cute!
"although little things bring me down, i'm glad i can pick myself right back up! today's going to be a great day! smile "
pink champagne  love 
doing homework is so much more fun and takes so much longer when you have <propfirst> deraimo and <propfemale> kluge chatting you up! haha
couldn't make my puppets or masks today for my project! great now i'm even more behind!  sad 
so hungry  stomach grumbling    thanksgiving needs to come sooner lol
i wish i had some canvas' to do some painting    sad 
i wish ppl could stop talking about their sex lives on facebook  it's kind of disturbing 
"finally home, and so happy i have time away from school for a while  i am actually really excited about this years holidays! i can't wait for thanksgiving better yet christmas!!  smile ))"
what i thought was going to be a quiet thanksgiving with the family is actually going to be a fourteen people event  and i'm in charge of the cooking  i guess i should start now??   lol
you know you're slightly ocd when you rearrange all your parents card radio stations so they can be in order from greatest number to smallest  lol other than that happy thanksgiving everyone! i hope you all have a great holiday!  smile  i am grateful for every new day that god gives me in this world!  love 
i discovered something today and that something is good haha
back in huntsville and am so ready for my next vacation break!!!  
ugh i need to get all my work done so i can go out tonight but ghosh that just seems impossible right about now!   sad 
going out tonight!!!  laugh  lets have some fun!!!!
h to the o to the m to the e!!!! tonight was a good night!
at a basketball game about to see <propfirst> <propmale> kick university of <propmale>s booty!
80's party tonight!!!  smile )) homework can wait till tomorrow
sooooooooooo hungry my stomach is going grrrrrrrr and i feel like everyone around me can hear  sad 
has this ever happened to you    where you look into something that is none of your business and then find an answer and just wish you have never looked at it in the first place  oh yeah  curiosity kills ladies! lol
feels so shitty right about now; just threw up twice and feel like i am so freaking pale in the face! if i end up getting food poisoning i'll make sure to thank you quizno's!  annoyed 
fun = what i will be having tonight!
finally home  smile  and tomorrow i get to wake up whenever i want!!!! ah feels soooo good!
today was just so odd      
i feel like going for a run later on tonight after i study   yes i shall do it   laugh 
today my brother turned 15! i remember when i was 15  sad 
thank you mom for making yet another fat joke in front of all our guest at lunch  i'm sorry that i'm not 110 pounds like you were 
i wish i could have what i want right now 
this recurring headache that i've had these last couple days needs to go away  sad 
time to get some shopping for myself done!  laugh  feels so good!
running with my baby rebel pebbles!! so nice outside!
"so, many people know that i do not like hunting  i really don't care what you do but i just really really don't like hunting pictures    with that being said   i wake up this morning to a couple msg  one being a picture mail from a # i was not familiar with, i open it,  and what could it be????????? a hunting pic! poor little deer  blood everywhere  great way to start my morning sad "
"i wish everyone a <propfemale> <propfemale> christmas, and i hope everyone has a wonderful time with their friends and family   smile "
i have decided to open up a blog!! maybe it might be somewhat interesting!
italian food    how much i am craving you right now  sad 
dinner and movies = amazing! black swan was a super awesome movie! love love love  it was just dark and twisted but yet moving!  laugh 
going to the museum of fine <propmale>s tomorrow! i'm so excited i love <propmale>!!  smile 
"to the year of 2010(which was pretty awesome): thankfull for all my new wonderful friends, and happy to still have most of my old ones! so for this new year: lets party a little harder, drink a little more, love a little stronger before we become old! so cheers to being young, cheers to having great friends, cheers to this new year!!"
headed home to the ville in a little  hopefully wont be going to a ghost town and ppl have started coming back already!  smile  yay!
fun night!! now time for sleep!!
bra shopping with <propfemale> and <propfemale>'s secret said i've now gone up a size   ugh!! this is not fair  i want to bra shop too  sad 
hot tub time = good time  smile 
wish stars were as beautiful every night as they are tonight 
"\you've found a way to make the sheep invite the wolves for dinner\"""""
"fuzzy tacos place not all that   but sexy, hot, extremely tall guy right in front of me eating a taco and making eye contact    mmmmmmmm i like  wink "
i will not accept the new zodiac signs ! in my heart i am still a pisces  not a freaking aquarius!!!!!
feels sick  that's why it's important to not make out with guys in a bar when you're drunk  ugh    annoyed 
grandpa is very sick  only has a couple more days sad  just hate that i can't be there to hold his hand and say i love you one last time  this is just so hard   crying 
hope everyone's first day of classes are going well   smile 
today has been a little overwhelming  and to think i have so much more to go  i need to get home and organize all my class stuff and make a scheduled calendar of my work already  i feel so disorganized!
about $600 for books   now if that's not ridiculous idk what is 
basketball game tonight!  smile  let's kick some sfa butt!
"seriously have never met such dumb girls as the ones sitting next to me, their convo consists of grandmas vagina, obese dogs, gay communities all together  wow!"
"why is is that when you need time to go slow it flies by, but when you want things to speed up, every second feels like a minute itself?  "
barley got home and just had the longest fucking day ever! this is where an in home jacuzzi or a personal massage boy would come in handy!!
"idk why girls don't like dorky nerdy guys, they're so cute!! just like my lab ta  i don't care if he has an obsession with snakes  smile  lol"
maybe it was a little too early to come home  all the flowers and i'm sorry for your loss letters are a little too much   sad 
to cut my hair short again  or to not?  annoyed 
"the quality of your life is determined by the quality of your decisions, and the quality of your decisions is determined by the quality of your thinking "
cold front please go away  idk how much more i can cover up  sad  i want it to be hot again!!
sometime you just have to be the bigger person even if you don't want to be 
grrr so tired and not ready for my long day tomorrow! only finished half my paper but am too tired to do the rest  time for night night  laugh 
"once upon a time i would ask my teachers, or older people to proof read my essays for scholarships and class assignments and etc  now i am doing that job for my brother  i feel old   lol"
i wish i had like a non breakable glass ceiling  so every time i went to bed i could watch the stars! they're gorgeous tonight!
"today will be my working day! i have two essays, a take home quiz, a classroom management project, and another project! it will be complete!!  laugh "
"friday was snowing, saturday was icy, today i'm laying out by the pool! texas weather  smile "
so there is this guy sitting next to me on the computer lab who has like super long finger nails  but that's not it  there is so much black stuff and gunk in them that i feel sick just by the sight of it  yuck!
"mr  sandman, bring me a dream  laugh "
in bed early and it feels sooooooo good!!
tomorrow will be exactly a month before my 21st bday!!!!! then the day after my bday is spring break  could i ask for anything better  i think not!  laugh 
is ready to have some fun tonight  wink 
yay!!! about to go hiking with <propfirst> and <propmale>!  smile )
happy valentines day to all my wonderful friends and family  may the people in your hearts last there forever   smile  i hope everyone has a wonderful super romantic time!!
