3208c6b4dbb20f1c3037e706913fc866
"man, i really miss having internet access  anywayz, hi for now  miss all my friends on here  just popping in for a quick hello "
"i really miss having the internet man!!! <propfemale> christmas everyone, if i'm not in touch with ya through the web, you're still always in my heart!!! xoxoxoxoxo love to my friends and family  god bless u all    happy holidays "
happy new year all
go steelers!
steelers are swatting mosquitos in <propmale> today   surprise )
still on track for superbowl win number 7    here we come!!
livin n loving 2gether all the time
time to get a fishing pole - i love my back yard!!!
"wow, i feel the love guys, thank u so much for the birthday wishes! my son went to every teacher and some students to get them to sign my bday card he made 4 me! what a thoughtful thing 2do!!! i'm thrilled to accept every good wish from all y'all! thank u my friends, thank u!!! have a wonderful day!!! much luv 2 all!!!"
have a safe and happy holiday everyone!
"getting packed, can't wait to go campin at the ledges this weekend, really hope my boyfriend is responsible enough to hold the fort down for me while i'm gone! pray!"
"ledges wknd was awesome, as 2b e playful ected  except the very end, when wicked gatekeeper lady charged r car while screaming like a lunatic threatening 2 have my car towed! not a nice ending, but not worth mentioning again - had 2 let every1 no 'bout the dangers of camping     pissed off women who b hatein'! peace n love every1! eh, she probably just needs a hug, right? lol eh, whatever   dance on i say!"
"beach 1 at 6 surprise 0, god willing  hope the rain holds up for yet another wonderful musical event - just can't get enough of them! will travel for music! hope they have a great turnout regardless of the weather, unless of course there are twisters involved    not today, please!"
"going to see my sister soon, i hope, i hope   it's been years! come home sissy, come home safely xoxo"
"bummer, she didn't call  sad "
perfect weather a pony ride along the creek today!
first day at summer camp for my boy! i'm so excited for him  i hope he has a great day!
"looking forward to a change   my 'new every two' is coming up in august  any suggestion for a really good relaible, rugged cell phone?"
congratulations <propmale> on ur long-overdue lifetime achievement award!
"em, uh, good mornin' ladies and gentlemen, boys n mfn girls, this iz yo captn wit no-name speakn n eyem here 2 rok ur world!   yeah baby, bring it <propmale>! awesome article in <propfemale>! ageless beauty   smile "
"happy fourth of july weekend, be safe peeps!  smile "
rusted root! tomorrow! be there or be square  smile 
omg one world tribe and rusted root were amazing!!!
youngstown ohio jazz festival tomorrow has the awesome spyro gyra performing!!!  smile 
"jazz walk! duke's at the plymouth, yeehaw!!!  smile "
"man, summer events sure take up my whole schedule very quickly!"
"the duke <propmale> band was rockin' that square!!! yeehaw, thank you again for a wonderful time, rock on!"
"<propmale>'s blues on the lake, so excited! better get that boat hookup marve, i'm comin'!"
"jakes blues was soooooo awesome! just wish all those haters would've refrained from focusing on me instead of the main event!!! dance i say, dance! why do some women just hate a pretty girl dancing her ass off? they really need to find out how much fun it is themselves instead of hatin' those who know!"
hot!
"i wish all the haters, takers, n liars would go live on their own island somewhere and leave good ppl alone, but we all know that's not gonna happn!  sad "
here i come duke!
"thirty-five bucks!?!? okay, nah i'll wait for the free events  i had no idea the brewing company was charging that much to go to beer on the bay  bummer dudes   sad "
<propmale> petty was awesome in pittsburgh!!! wow!!!
"okay, the boat's all fueled up and ready 2go for 8 great tuesdays, i can't wait! i'll finally be on the water again! it's going to be waaaaay more fun than ur tuesday volleyball mikey!  smile "
"the beatles tribute band can rock, but they looked like they would've rather been reading the newpaper - sounded great though! too bad the boat ppl cancelled, but still was fun!  smile "
"<propfemale> road was it? they were great sounding, but looking like they would've rather been reading the newspaper   sad   brought my bodyguard this time, so no one would get too froggy  it was fun  boat plans fell through though, again  there's always next tuesday!"
"rip mr  morse  my thoughts and prayers are with the morse family as they grieve xoxoxo, sending love and prayers   "
"<propmale> and <propfemale> sittin' in a tree, k i s s i n g    she's got that new-girlfriend smell u like so much chaunce! you guys look soooooooooooooooooo cute together"
finally went boating on the lake!!! it was a perfect day to be on the water yesterday! we caught a whole bunch of fish and fried em up when we got home - fresh and yummy!
"kicked ass at softball! good to have the mascot there - it makes a world of difference, eh team?!?!"
"see you at the fabulous jazz festival this weekend everyone! i'll be close to the action, as usual, with a tent pitched in the back  looking forward to the perfect weather!  smile "
"wow, it' another great tuesday already! time sure flies when ur havin' fun!"
looking 4ward 2a nice weekend with my longtime friend from the 'burgh! miss u girl! xoxo
"looks like i have 2 go 2 another <propmale> petty concert on the 31st  sheesh the things my friends make me do, such torture heh heh  wink "
"the general mclane \40\"" party at the hotel bar was fun! i'm so happy to be a part of such a great group of people! thank you everyone - twas good to see old friends again!"""
i hear there's a party in corry this weekend  smile 
"yet another perfect day to be outdoors! my horse is getting her exercise, that's for sure! have a great day everyone!"
"life is but a walking shadow, a poor player who frets and struts his hour across the stage and then is heard no more   is this a dream? feeling transcendental today  smile "
sooooo excited about going to the <propmale> petty concert tomorrow! we shall not miss the drive-by truckers this time!  smile  wish all my peeps were coming with!
<propmale> petty was awesome of course  next up: nickleback
goin 4wheelin later today  test driving it  may trade my dead cavalier for it to a mechanic  sounds like a good deal to me so far  laugh 
doh! traffic court at 10 surprise 0 was going juuust a bit 2fast wish me luck 
yeehaw goin wheelin 2day  gotta get some fresh air redneck style  wink 
touchdown! and thats a wrap! steelers rock!
"i need 2 go   to an island in the tropics, alone, 4a week or 2  laugh "
first treatment team mtg @ anthonys new school today 
sooo who`s comin 2 the wine fest with me?
holy steelers game! wow! yea!
uh u guys r crackin me up w ur comments   girlz  smile 
i like it on otf under the kitchen table    wink 
ovr intake mtg 2day 4my son @his school   finally  smile 
"breast cancer awareness month, domestic violence awareness month, mental illness awareness month,     i'm sure there's more 2b aware of this month, but sheesh, that's a lot for little ole october!     btw tomorrow is bipolar awareness day!"
"bipolar mood disorder awareness day today! be aware~, it's everywhere "
5 down 11 to go   then playoffs then superbowl win number 7 baby!  wink  great game today  go steelers!!!
anniversary of my daddy's death today  cant believe he's been gone 8 yrs   sad  miss him bunches!
lookin' 4ward 2my friday night blues session <propfirst>!  bring it!
been at the er with my friend for 3 hours and he still hasnt seen the er doc   sad 
cmon steelers go go go!
man that weather headed this way is scary  surprise 
good grief another costume party   smile  happy halloween y'all  be safe 
happy november!  smile 
storm those polls y'all!
"school just called police on my kid - he went awol again   on standby and very anxious  prayers are welcome! he's on interchange rd, with staff and cops trying to get him to not miss his bus ride home   sad  hope they get him back safely "
just got my vote in 
no more political campaign ads yippee hooray!
happy birthday 2my beautiful cuz across the pond! love ya girl  have an awsome day stace  smile   xoxo
beautiful week ahead  time to get those flower beds all set and ready for next spring!  smile 
go pgh steelers!
ima b dancin 2nite!
beautiful day! hope y'all get to spend it outdoors in the gorgeous sunshine - and don't 4get 2 vote in the pepsi refresh challenge for cabf every day this month - all three ways to vote  pleeeeeeez support this cause - it's very close 2my heart  smile 
don't 4get 2vote in the pepsi challenge 2day for cabf!!!
steelers got this!
think i'll stop at <propmale> 12 for the best wings in town after this mammogram 
have a blessed thanksgiving yall! im spending it with my farmily   stayin here on my beautiful farm which i am very thankful for  peace & love 2all be safe and enjoy 
just kicked some butt i darts  won 6 out of 8! thnx 4all the helpful tips gabe 
what a beautiful day for a pony ride  keep me updated via cell of the game <propfirst>  13 to 10 is too close! c'mon steelers kick some butt!
whoohoo we did it! steelers rock!!!
it's world aids day people   
happy birthday <propfemale>!
praisin' the good lord this morning  the snow is beautiful!
gettin my super soul saturday on!  smile 
<propfirst> is soooo amazing!
still on track 4superbowl win number 7!  smile 
dad would be 67 today  sad  rip dad xoxo miss u so much 
