d3f0ddf6db92ab318bba5ea018a552e6
yay weddings!!!!
oh the craziness     it was fun    only two more weeks till we do it again! i cant wait!
everybody gets humpback whaaaaaaales!!!!!!!! you get a humpback whale and you get a humpback whale!!!!
sorry people i just deleted from my friends    i got sick of seeing all the party pictures   
"go ukraine!!! anyone else wanna see about moving? itll be fun!!! just think about it!!!!     a place of actual maturity, decency, and full realized respect towards women and sexuality    it really is a wonderful thing and i am behind them 100%    now what"
thought i weeded out all the crap     missed a bit of it     i think i got it all off now    im just sick of seeing all the parties   
had so much fun this weekend    the wedding was absolutely amazing    not to mention having a rehearsal dinner at a bowling alley      loved it
i think its funny how 3% of my computer was taken up by pictures from last weekend     all 406 of them      its joelles fault for having an awesome family i love her
loves <propfemale>
hates studying    but its ok when its with <propfemale>
1 down    1 to go    damn tests    thank god the first one felt easy    this next one will require a few harder prayers i bet
two classes left each class! almost done! a week till my parents get here and 8 days till we get home!
"reposting for all who don't know     facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on \settings\"" up at the top where you see the \""logout\"" link  select \""privacy settings\""  then select \""news feed """
i love my <propfemale>!!!! yup     shes mine     back off!
yay <propfemale>! yay almost being done with school!    boo having to write two more papers before i can leave!!! ughtlejiaorlkeajieroahlen!!!!!!!
feels fulfilled    thanks <propfirst>
"loves his god with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his mind    and loves his <propfemale> as himself"
loves @<propfemale> so much    its crazy    like    damn    its a lot    
i hate the tagging thing   it doesnt work     i love <propfemale>    thats it
loves <propfemale> a lot    hour and 20 minutes!!! get your phones ready!
loves <propfemale> a bunch     one hour and four minutes!
apologizes if i seem annoying with all of the over excitement about joelles birthday     cant help it    but i am sorry    you understand right?
"sad     my masters program is no more     i just got an email today saying they have \suspended applications for fall 2010\"""""
time to shop for masters programs    after class
"myyyyyyyyyyyyy <propfemale>y has a first name    its j-o-e-l-l-e    my <propfemale>y has a second name, its s-h-e-h-a-n     oooooooooooooo iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii love her so much everyday and if you ask me why ill saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay caaaaaause my <propfemale>y has a way with my h-e-a-r-t yay! yeah   i know it doesnt all rhyme   "
pray for my sister whom i love dearly      
uncle times 2! pray for my sister's health and safety over these next 7 months!
feeling the need to jump 11 weeks from now so i know what kind of baby clothes and things to buy    
loves <propfemale> a lot     one more  day!!!!
"all i needs my love (bur bur dur budu dur) all i need's my love ( bur budurdurdur dur) all i need's my love, love    my love's all i need"
"loves <propfemale> and god with all his heart, with all his soul, with all his mind, with all his strength, and loves <propfemale> as himself happy 3 years! happiest 3 years of my life! praise god he is so good!"
just realized a little bit ago     this is our 5th baby (including the spiritually adopted one)      if you dont know what im talking about dont worry : )
"pray for <propmale> baisley, my crhp brother"
"loves <propfemale> so much!!! happy 3 year, 2 days!"
misses <propfemale> so much     hates all the work    dispises self for spending so much time on facebook
waiting for class to end cause that means that <propfemale> will be back soon
"(stealing words from <propfemale>) \ok so hears the deal    its a big big deal!     silver ring thing!    jacksonville    christ the king      novemeber 8th      5:20-9 surprise 0 pm    if you are in the jacksonville area or even if you are not   its going to be amazing! something you are not going to want to miss! interested? ask me! smile \"" (i love her  love )"""
"(in a creepy voice) \i think we should stay    i want to stay    everything is going to be ok    we are going to be just fine     \"" creepiest movie ever (this year)"""
"lessons learned from paranormal activity: 1  dont mess with demons, 2  dont try to contact demons, 3  dont listen to your girlfriend who had been telling you we need to leave and is now saying we should stay in a haunted house, 4  dont live with someone until you are married!"
is excited for sunday     teens youll see      plus      i  love  <propfemale>!
 love 
finds it extremely eerie that he has exactly 2 22 in his drawer in change     weird       but i still love my joelley     home tomorrow!
is thanking god    thanking everyone for the prayers    thanking mr  kaplan for being so awesome    thanking <propfemale> for being so supportive ( love ) and thanking my parents who bought me the books which got me a 1220!!!!!! (out of 1600!!!!) (when the minimum is a 1000!!!!) (and the average is a 1100!!!!) (and i was only praying for a 1200!!!) exact scores were 540 on verbal and 680 on math!!!!!! i love you!!!!  love 
1220!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!
yes i do in fact feel dirty for doing that       i love you  love 
"and by \that\"" i mean that interview     """
happy new year!  love  you
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!! special thanks to <propfemale> who made this birthday so amazing and for her buying my first drink
nervous     will everything get done?     with <propfemale> it will    but im still nervous
it has been affirmed   they have deliberated and agreed   they have decided      my nephew is the cutest child ever!
hates papers    loves <propfemale>    hates when papers detract from <propfemale>    loves that he can at least write in her presence and take breaks     hates that there is still so much semester left    loves that the end is near   
"go antibiotics go!!!!! <propfemale> helped me so much when i felt like absolute crud instead of just mostly crud    i love her    i hate walnuts, dust, sinus problems, and tonsilitis"
"praise the lord jesus, bless his holy name     i have an interview with fau's masters in mental health counseling program sometime next week    details to come     thank the lord who does all these things, and <propfemale> for her amazing support as well as everyone else that have helped me"
i had my interview today     pray for me that i get in    more importantly that god's will for my life be done     thanks to <propfemale> for being with me    thanks to the red sox for breaking the ice    
"thank god    healthy nephew     not quite as much a whale as emilys first, but healthy, happy, and free     and lacking pictures taken of him!!!!!!!!!    sorry    i just want to see more    i cant help it being a doubleuncle"
praying    about a great many things    (just imagine that in the voice of the emperor and tell me you dont laugh      yeah im a dork leave me alone)
please pray for peace and comfort during a hectic time of suffering    by your grace    may we all be healed
why couldnt you idiots wait until i got home to break into my house so i could hunt your butts down myself??????
angry
grrrr
did ostrogoths stick their heads in the ground when they were attacked by other barbarians???
grrr    <propmale> angry     anger heating    feel like taking anger out on the hulk
i    went a little crazy with this    whole    family tree thing     yeeaahh     ummm    whoops 
"oh silly pope urban ii, why didnt you write down your speech at clermont and publish it so that i would not be here at almost 4 in the morning comparing 6 documents that interpreted whatever the heck you actually said???"
zzzzzzzzzzzz                zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz                    mememememememe              zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz                       mememememememmememememe                    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz            
class     work      homework            sleep  class      homework          sleep  class       homework          sleep       class     presentation        party for <propfemale> for finishing school!!!!!!       thats my week this week     
why must the shroud of turin rabbit hole sink so deeply?
    ugh    and frustration     stop drifting off stupid brain    i need to focus                please focus?           i know you only got a few hours of sleep but i need you to focus                  thank you!
<--- see this picture????     thats all i want right now    shes in class    im in class    i have 2 papers to write     she has her last official classes ever today      gjrioagrmaeigjireagnlm      thats right    i said it    gjrioagrmaeigjireagnlm    
<propfemale> shehan      you are too cute     really
"oh where, oh where has my sanity gone? oh where oh where can it be? while this class is long and there're more to come    oh where oh where can it be?"
"the happiest, luckiest, most loved man in the world right now   she said yes!!!!"
"i love <propfemale> shehan yes i do, i love <propfemale> shehan , how about you?"
"is there anything cuter than both my nephews falling asleep in my house? oh wait, how about <propmale> getting up to go lay down with his mother and all 3 of them falling asleep in my house     they most certainly have the right idea!"
anyone else feel the strong urge to slap 2 and a half million floridians? i feel like we are all going to be getting quotes on our government saying that there are <propfemale> unicorns poking holes in our state's engine and sh!##ing in filters       
anyone see the pattern leading to why people think the world will end in 2012?
"on a lighter note than the past two angry political votes      18, 33, 93    the <propfirst> of hilarious content in google's directions from california to <propfemale>"
who knew that spaghetti squash meant the inside looks like spaghetti? squash!
unfinished journey tonight after lifeteen for all those 18-35ish    be there    or i beat you        not really but we want you there anyways     please?
for unto us a child is bohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohoohohohoohhohhohorn    thanks handel    <propfemale>  playful -mas
got up extra early     i should be more productive than this   
"good day    good talks, good food, good    wine and dancing???    yes    good dancing and good wine (surprisingly in that order)    ready for day 2    and ready for 2012 to just be here already    love you!!"
"so let's recap     church priest, reception hall, band dj, photography     check    all before a year away??!?!?!?!? left to find      video, rehearsal dinner, decorations, honeymoon     holy crap    we're half way there!! and livin on a prayer    : )"
"i'm not sure, but i think it might not be a good thing that i can watch a full counseling session, think that very little is happening, and hear that a whole shift happened     did i miss something?????"
