30481bb628609059e36f973ce94afbb4
"im gonna go workout, speed,agility and e playful losion  be back in a bit"
the game need change im the motha fuckin cashier
they cant stop me even if they stopped me
"god is great , beer is good         people are crazy      lol country boyz"
they cant stop me even if they stopped me!!!!!!       the game cant change without me
"hold up     who you haters think you talkin to im the f*** boss, white on white niggas, they just get tossed   lol     i see em runnin homie , not hard enough , u know me i might pull up in a armour truck      lol              \ just spittin some rhymes\"""""
lets go big 10 win your bowl games
nuckin futts!!!!! ;0
"nuckin futts!!!, two days is not enough for 1 weekend     smile "
me and my brother ant b)
gonna go work out in a bit in the barn      hahaha
i am weak ; but thou <propmale> strong     headed to the barn again for another workout   
ladies i am not on roids!!! lol
"country fried     a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up!!          : d"
"country fried     a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up!!         : d"
had a good workout     good luck tomorrow ladies!!! : d
"is liking the a-town, in  people are different as in good not bad  lol"
"    what happens is for the best, whether you understand it or not   "
screw upperclassmen freshman and sophmores rock!!!!   wink 
"if you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button    hahaha!!"
good luck tomarrow <propmale>!!    win state!!!
"its the freakin weekend  smile  good job <propmale>    tough loss, still have some matches left    better open up a can of whoop ass!!!!"
"fml!!! football is my life, the ball is my baby, the end zone is my house, so you can get the **** out"
"fml!!! football is my life, the ball is my baby, the end zone is my house, so you can get the **** out"
"being perfect is about being able to look your friends in the eye and know that you didnt let them down because you told them the truth  and that truth is you did everything you could  there wasnt one more thing you could've done  can you live in that moment as best you can, with clear eyes, and love in your heart, with joy in your heart? if you can do that- you're perfect!"
just was invited to a football camp at the university of cincinnati !!!
you've got nothin to lose dont be afraid to get down 
ogt's all week!!!      fml!!!!
be the best!!!    laugh 
"girls are like a puzzle because every little piece matters    no matter how hard you try , the puzzle isn't done until it all the pieces are together and it becomes a picture   "
spring break boyyyyy!!!!
spring break!!!!
"running a few <propmale> in a bit    ha!! , if this is spring break; i can't imagine what summer is gonna be like   "
"do things to the best of your ability, because what s done is done and you can't change the results ; you can only look forward and do your best to succeed next time    failure is the key to success   correcting your failures and mistakes is the door that opens the pathway to strive for exellance to become successfull      haha!! im such a deep thinker    smile "
lol      i love football!!!     smile 
"6 k's vs <propfemale> center, not a bad game i'd say    but a b s  call"
"faith is not necessary when you know how things are going to work out, - that's knowledge"
"love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud  it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  love never fails —i corinthians 13:4-8"
wauseon tourney this weekend!!!   gonna win 1st for 2 years in a row!!!!
idk i'm done   sad 
"nobody can be perfect , but it doesn't hurt to try    "
maybe its time to just back off a little bit ?
"you can probally say that i'm a pretty sensitive  guy ,"
"i'm a running back till the death and i got what ya need , z wright i'm the last of a dying breed and i'm sweater than chocolate , better than a <propfemale> bar , either way you know ima go hard, check my flow i'm more gifted than the honor roll        laugh  eat it"
"but the day of the lord will come like a thief  the heavens will disappear with a roar; the elements will be destroyed by fire, and the earth and everything done in it will be laid bare   2 <propfirst> 3:10"
i'm officially an angola hornet
wants to be a billionaire so fricken bad!!   smile 
ran 4 5 <propmale> today  smile      yummy : football season awaits!!!
"is accelerated on all his ogt's        smile  ,  \imortals\"" ?!?!?!!! : we'll put their name to the test  laugh """
"try to find out what you're good at, and have a passion for, and get someone to pay you for doing it because if you never act, you can never improve and become successful "
hates when people say that they aren't happy : or they are pissed off     that is bs because i think that you are that way because you choose to be   instead ; they let others choose for them      our society these days is so f'ing screwed up  
uncertainty is caused by a lack of knowledge   hesitation is the product of fear  my opinion is you can't live in fear     
sweetness!!!
"nice!!!!!!  tornado just hit by my house!!! ,, it came straight up from the ground , then i ran into the field and saw the rest touchdown from the sky and it just started fading away      i'm phsyked!!!"
"football camp , compt  is ok , there are some fast kids, but im still up there,"
just arrived from michigan football camp    and set a new p r  for the 40 yrd dash with a 4 62  smile 
passing camp @ trine this friday and saturday  smile 
"always be the hammer, not the nail! deliver the blow, do not accept punishment   smile "
"the difference between a cocky and confident person is that cocky people are more subtle and questioning their own ability & more of a attitude thing  while confident people are more quiet and know how to  distinguish the things they can do to the things they can'tt do , it's a mind set"
dwane <propmale> and lebron <propfirst>?!?!!! that's bettet than shaq and kobe 
you can't live in fear      
me llamo es zorro derecha
football @ 6
football 7 on 7 vs <propfirst>   
my name must taste good; it's always in someone's mouth  smile    
"it doesn't matter how many say it cannot be done or how many people have tried it before; it's important to realize that whatever you're doing, it's your first attempt at it , and with god nothing is impossible "
"when one door closes another door opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully on the closed door, that we don't see the ones that open for us   "
i mustache you a question but i will shave it for later    hahaha  laugh 
"many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart "
t o signs with bengals and ocho cinco !!!  this is gonna be good !!! hahaha  laugh 
get the hell out of my way because i will truck stick your ass!!!  smile  scrimmage @ new haven tomorrow    
tonight was a success    vs dekalb next week  smile 
installed facebook for windows phone
loves fights  laugh 
friday vs dekalb
concussion  sad 
denard robinson ?!?!?!
go blue!!!!!! as in michigan !!!
everybody thanks for the birthdays !! laugh 
"well we need to beat central <propmale> , then prepare for a good playoff game vs wawasee"
"life is like football , because where you put your time and effort is what you will get out of it ,"
"when you look, you see reflections of your being  when you listen, you hear echoes of yourself  if you don't like something about what you see and hear, no point in smashing the mirror, change who you are becoming "
1 of the greatest pleasures in life is doing what people say you cannot do 
"let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes     smile "
to all my ohio state friends     its on like donkey kong       go blue!!!!!!
"once you get a little taste of winning , you can never get enough        2-0 varsity matches"
"like my staus , and il let you know what i think about you"
"15- first time i saw you was at the trine 7 on 7 , but any ways i see you in the hallways sometimes  i like how you try hard at all the sports you play  youre a pretty girl , look good every day   we should talk more often"
90% of life is how you react to it      
"lmao \ i ain't  lettin shit slide this ain't baseball \""    - waka flocka"""
"make things personal, and do them with a purpose!!!    "
can't sleep    tournament in new haven     
can't wait for summer !!!!  smile 
"can the weatherman please e playful lain why there is no snow, and why it is raining in december ?!?!?!?!"
"i cant make any promises, but i can guarantee that i will try as hard as i can to do my best  "
e c a 's  are janky as hell !!! and we have homo finals next week!
"my biggest match is not with my opponent , it's at the dinner table ; or waiting in line at a fast food restraunt ; or going to that party everybody is talking about    "
i'm allergic to bullshit  annoyed \
"laid back, and chillin"
---you have to learn how to trust yourself b4 you can trust other people 
"look at me now, look at me now\oh      i'm gettin paper"
"i will miss all you guys  ; '(     but remember \ to be absent in the body is to be present with the lord\"" """
* <propfirst> 4:5  \blessed are those who mourn," for they will be comforted\"" \"4dd0e28026ccf5cb039b84422103a laugh 8,im bored
