587932697e343cf43345efdb2f0e2589
finally published something on that stupid blog!
does anyone know if there's summer homework for ap stats?
loves her new guitar
is bored with all the bio homework 
does anyone in ap <propfemale> kno how to cite faulkner when you quote him?
would like to stop working on this essay 
does anyone now the class id number and enrollment passward for lps second hour?
just got accepted to hogwarts!
must  complete  embark 
hates ap stats
does anyone know what mr  k's psych test is on tomorrow?
doesn't know what to write for u of m's essays
finished msu and grand valley applications! now all that's left is ohio state and michigan
shall fail the stat test tomorrow
will be using a college essay for her reading journal  yay laziness 
would love to play hockey today but cant see that happening
hates hates hates reading journals
would like to go to bed now 
's head is e playful loding
kindof wants the sharks to win  dont tell <propfemale> 
hopefully watching calgary get crushed by new york
dcd had some crazies out on the ice tonight
"sticks and pucks today! then hockey practice afterwards  oh hockey, how i love thee "
"for ap <propfemale> reading journals, does anyone know if we just pick two random stories from the norton reader to do this rhetorical precis thing?"
hockey game against ladywood at 6 smile 0  laugh 
that which does not kill me only postpones the inevitable
watching the flames incinerate the blackhawks muahaha (pun intended)
is going to be up all night? sighhh
still has nothing done for psych  procrastination prevails once again 
sickkk but that's okay because now i can work on psych for the whole day
"to whoever stole stuff from my car: fuck you pal, i hope your life is as shitty as you are"
definately failed my <propfemale> essay oh yeahhh
ohp i should probably write that essay
got into osu finally  smile 
essay  joy 
woah <propmale> dcd needs to invest in a mass order of midol
oh essays how i loathe thee
"curse you steinbeck and your monstrous 619 paged \epic\"""""
is sick  someone shoot me 
is thoroughly enjoying this lava lamp 
cant think of anything to write 
gives up 
must   complete   essay
thanks everyone for all your birthday wishes  smile 
<propfemale> broke down    awesome 
received a speeding ticket today  lovely 
indiana for a weeeeek 
"i'm going to miss my bestest friend ever, <propfemale> gehringer, soooo much  i am obsessed with her  i wish i was her  she is my role model  god, i love her "
mountain biking like a champ 
bored and overheating 
all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be 
wants a pillow pet 
go greeen?
thursday why must you get here so slowly
feels bad for all the household cleaning products that swiffer steals jobs from 
studying   this feels weird 
attempting to eat cup of noodles with a butter knife
reeeeeaaaaally wants to go for a drive  not the bus kind 
is going to western wooop wooop
with breazy the big easy ( brea <propfirst> )
is going to fail my seven day challenge  rats 
studying in the laundry room again  ahh the sweet sound of clothes being washed 
playing hockey on ze pond  love 
dead phone  charger's whereabouts unknown 
