a64885346b973d1df64f95518ffb7d95
is after dough like <propfemale> me fa so!
am i the only one that didnt watch mj's funeral?
1 day til my trip!!! gotta work 11-5 tomorrow
needs <propmale> to call him
"back from ky, long and tiring, yet fun trip "
throw dem e's up!!!!
"just got home from work, bored, txt me"
"ugh, if i have to go back to southwind"
"i don't understand why i sleep all day and i start to complain that there's no rain and all i can do is read a book to stay awake and it rips my life away, but it's a great escape"
we cannot envy our enemies and e playful ect to bring about real change
i think i'm gay
is not gay 
sleep
"work 5-10pm tomorrow , im off facebook for the night    prolly text me "
"\i aint saying that i'm requesting anyone that's perfect but i just need a woman that'll make it all worth it   \"" ~drake"""
idk what classes im going to take since i can no longer take theatre 2  or film and video 3
is on facebook at work    were slow 
no work tomorow txt me if u wanna chill 
in this game you only lose when you fight back 
"\is he a millionaire who blends in with the rest of us? or is he a millionaire that blends in with other millionaires because being <propmale> is just so natural to him? or perhaps he has a million chameleons? or maybe he is a million chameleons who have joined"""
"one thing about living in <propfemale> <propfemale> i never could stomach, all the damn vampires "
just woke up 
home  holler at me i got my phone back   so yea 
"playin infamous at home bored, text me "
yes! 4th period study hall! awesome!!! 2 hours of nothing!
"work til 2 after, no plans text me"
"just got off work, i think im goin to <propfirst>'s with <propfirst> tonight if ive been told correctly"
last day of summer     
"10 surprise 0 pm august, 9, 2009       here we go again  had a great summer overall, but its school now "
"it may not mean nothing to y'all, but understand nothing was done for me, so i dont plan on stopping at all, i want this forever~"
"today,i noticed that macs have a trash bin but pc's have a recycle bin  i am now convinced that microsoft is more environmentally friendly then apple  lol"
bout to head to work 'til 2  after that idk just txt me or something     *yawn*
"today, while driving i saw a suicide prevention billboard  less than a mile ahead was another billboard advertising nike footwear with the slogan \just do it!\""  i laughed at the horrible placement and irony """
"writing a speech for english, oh what fun, then chemistry home work (yay!   not) after that no plans, so hit me up "
"<propfemale> new math teacher fired allready  , and it was mine "
this year might be ok    we'll see
"today i walked past a man and heard a snatch of his conversation  he was saying \so it was 3am and i was up this tree   \"" my <propfemale> to hear the rest of that conversation will haunt me for the rest of my life """
"yesterday, my math teacher said he would treat us like college students  today, he gave us cookies for getting the right answer on our logic problems  needless to say, i can't wait for college "
"fire at school today i hear the 2nd floor is ruined (my backpack and stuff is still up there) sat for 4 hours on the football bleachers, some people had head strokes, some folk got arrested  nothing new "
"leaving until monday for spring river, this should be fun "
"back, storming to bad at spring river, so we went to sardis  fun but long and tiring!"
"just did that fan check thing, that cant be right"
icp at the new <propfemale> nov 21 im goin who else?
just got home    church later 
bout to pick <propfirst> up and go to church
missed kanye what happened?
gaga is definitely out there
drake gets the vote with asher a close 2nd choice
it was okay for new green day so-so not great old greenday ftw
just saw the kanye thing      omg <propfirst> betta get her goons on that mane!
whoa whats goin on with the rejects there? glitter much?
"i feel like a kid again im <propfemale> excited cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs, and wildthing have a movie  laugh  yay!"
whattheomg is that red thing?
whats wong with his voice?
that ridiculous show is over   night
got 119 on an iq test
"just got off work  my whole house is sick except me, anything goin on tonight?"
"not feeling good  got in a wreck this morning, had a great afternoon though "
"and oh as i fade away, theyll all look at me and theyll say, hey look at him and where he is these days  when life is hard, you have to change "
new <propfemale> jam album = amazingly awesome 
"hates people who cant fight one on one, then jump you and run away "
has nowhere to go tonight  sad 
"35 dollars to order a new debit card and my whole check was 60 dollars 60-35=25$, my car insurance = 30$  anyone see the problem here?"
"got o car, no phone, not grouned, just broke  sad  if you need me call me on the hizzouse "
"take what you need from the valley of tha hopeful,  even if you dry you'll be floatin' high above it,  you can say bye bye bye,  sky might be fallin' but remember you can fly high"
will most likely windup going to g-town high
"is bored and has no phone, if you wanna do something hit me up ill be home all day  call my house number if you dont have it hit me up"
doesnt want to stay home again tonight someone call me! (house no cell)
"still dont have a phone, or car insurance ugh this sucks, gotta work 5-9 tonight"
life's up and downs they come and go     but when i die i hope i live in the sky   all my folks who ain't alive i hope they live in the sky   pray to god when i die that i live in the sky   it's true what goes around comes back you know   so when i die i hope i live in the sky   all my folk who ain't survive may they live in the sky    tell god i wanna fly and let me live in the sky
"just got off work, tired and my feet hurt "
we took the fo's off the chevy and we sat it on those sixes lipstick on them rims got them rims blowin kisses
will be going to <propmale> thursday
"nervous about the first day at <propmale> tomorrow, im going to miss all my shs folks!!"
"first day was    ok     def different, idk what to e playful ect "
4?
"she all on me cuz all i do is, ride around in bentleys coups got no need she got me, buying her them fendi shoes all we do is shop until we drop,"
is locked up
is legally an adult    ?
everything i'm not made me everything i am 
my phone back txt me
domino's orientation tomorrow 3 smile 0 am   fun
shitty day
"anyone complaining about the mim lineup needs tol be quiet, its awesome as it is, and even if there isnt anyone you like you know its gonna change"
lord t and <propfemale> tonight on the peabody rooftop! whos coming ? 9013959673
"lost phone, got new one, same number  annoyed  call meh i need <propfirst>"
do right and kill everything
i only eat at waffel house? yea dat dur or tha huddle house!
i just hope that you think of me
"only the opposite of me can have what i want, makes sense eh?"
maybe i oughta mention was never my intention to harm you or your kin are you so scared to look within the ghosts are crawling on our skin we may race and we may run we'll not undo what has been done or change the moment when it's gone
so here i am doing everything i can holding on to what i am pretending i'm a superman i'm trying to keep the ground on my feet it seems the world's falling down around me the nights are all long i'm singing this song to try and make the answers more than maybe
should have his own place within two weeks
"he was born a pauper to a pawn on a christmas \day when the new york times said god is dead and the war's begun"
"one day thatll be \me you can put that on everything and idc what a hater says"
poor thugnificent
"kick in the door, wavin the four-four\\all you heard was poppa don't hit me no more"
bricksquad tonight! whos with me? no id required!
"went to tha club, got crunk to some dubstep friday = succsess  laugh "
days off without anything to do are wasted ; 
a wiseman is astonished by everything   
poor mau5
digging flobots and new wocka flocka mixtape  laugh 
why is everyone and i mean everyone getting on flockas d!(k  i been bumpin this for the longest when you all thought he was stupid you cant like this mayne just cuz he now blowin up   plz getouttahere
elephant
too many things too little time  annoyed 
wishes someone anyone would stick to some plans just once 
"saw the fams, had some grubbage, overall good day  fthisrain"
"very bad week  lost my job, then my starter on my car died  now im stuck with a dead phone and no car and broke  sad "
<propfemale> smith is an abomination
does anyone wanna go on a joyride with us? huh? how bout you!?
thanks for all the birthday wishes  laugh 
ima a diva!!! i luuuhhh me some beyonce
i do not enjoy sodomy 
"good people, good night, good christmas  smile "
failing
transmission broke     no more car ;  great snowday huh?
