cd5343638aac21ae89a73109c306c5de
i'll be on all night and at the start of the new year! just sayin'   
"the wonderful thing about fireworks displays is that the ending of them is always big, flashy, and most of all, loud  happy freaking new year everyone!"
"sitting in the dark, i can't forget  even now i realize the time i'll never get  another story of the bitter pills of fate  i can't go back again  i can't go back again, but you asked me to love you and i did  traded my emotions for a contract to commit, and when i got away i only got so far  the other me is dead  i hear his voice inside my head "
what in the world have i gotten myself into? i go to play legend of <propfemale> - a link to the past and i have like all my friends at once  i find this to be rather amusing  social networking is one of the funniest things humans have created! supreme lol!
my word  there is a conspiracy going on here  this whole social networking deal  it's dragging me in  no it's not  come on  does anybody that know really think i could be enveloped by this thing we all call facebook? i don't!
i'm trolling as a freaking dragon-type god pokemon! you mad?
mudkip! mudkip! i'm surrounded by mudkip!!!!!!!!!!
before the day officially ends: happy birthday ozzy osbourne!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a way to spend your day  disliking the football week and not getting the football wins i seek  (rhyme intentional)
the god pokemon arceus is ready for christmas!
i think that if we were to try to design a family tree we be suffocating in paper and graphite ink  we gotta be the biggest freaking family in the world that also makes no sense whatsoever!
"in soviet russia, this joke overuses you!"
i would just like to wish <propfemale> <propfemale> hysell and <propfemale> wynne streetman a very happy birthday!
beat kaptain k  rool in donkey kong country 2 today  you mad?
check out my dkc2 video for some nostalgia!
feelin' like crap on the inside just as always plus feelin' the hunger of not eating lunch yet  let's go fix the lunch problem 
took care of the hunger but not the life i'm hating  fml
the pink panther cartoons are so classic 60's it's not even funny (but it is!)
"i feel so, so, christmas-type right now   "
i hope everyone had a wonderful christmas  i finally got a new pair of black boots! i really wanted them too!
"so close to the profile picture change, man  it's so close   "
so close!!!!!!
i'm a team player! steelers-type arceus!!!
"anybody know what happens when i get bored? i try doing what so many other people have done  click on \like\"" and i'll tell you what kind of an impact you have had on my life """
"\what?! i'm all out of powdered toast!\"" http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=v-jjelwkagk"""
"holy crap! tasty gingerbread and macadamia nut biscotti and milk! mouthgasm!!!! oh, crud  i think i just really climaxed a bit "
kinda bleah and disappointed  anyone want to cheer me up? i could use a smile right about now 
"thank you skylar stratemeyer, <propfemale> norzor, and <propfemale> <propfemale> hysell for helping with my feeling of \bleah \"""""
holy crap    time moves fast when you don't pay attention to it 
"i can't watch this show without my: trusty commander hoek radar decoder ring, my official commander hoek space helmet, not to mention your genuine super elastic time shorts - bet you don't have a pair of these earthling - and (sticks out tongue and reveals a piece of gum that rises and sticks to the ceiling)    my anti-gravity bubble gum!"
i feel like i'm in a place where nothing can bring me down  it's feels kind of    strange to me    it's a good strange    kind of like while opening your christmas present and before you officially open it you put the bow on your head    i don't know! i just feel kind of    calm and tranquil    feels nice   
all i need to remember is that it didn't happen 
will some one please get heaven long to accept my friend request?!
good night then social networking site and all of the people that are on it whom i call my friends that i know in real life and that i wish they could all live on the better end of life all the time and leave myself to fend off the evils of the world if i had my way just to protect you all from any harm that said evil may cause you   laugh 
immune system failure! illness has entered the bloodstream! throat has been infected! red alert! red alert! obscene amount of coughing imminent! it's a good thing i have my <propmale> grey tea with orange <propfemale> <propfemale>! ugh   
food didn't help much  i feel really f***ing terrible  i'll try not to hack up any body parts  if any come up i'll -    uh    got a question    anybody want an extra lung?
"i'm sick, i'm bored, and i don't feel like doing much of anything  so! \holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>! holy <propfemale>!\"""""
"oh yeah  i know i'm sick  i'm going to bed at 8:40 pm! night, then "
making me sick was pretty cruel of whatever it was that did it  i have however offset that cruelty with some good things to say  may everyone have a good healthy day as i heal under mine covers  lots of love to everyone!  laugh 
"when the illness fades, the boy plays! hallelujah! i feel like i could conquer the world! *cough* *cough* maybe in a couple more days to get rid of that "
"i go to g-star a k a  \the high school drama central depository without return nor any leakage of files to the outside society without permanent memory of such transactions \"" now that's what i call a proper noun!"""
i'm pissed off with the family's piece of shit xbox  i honestly want to erase any trace of its existence right now    but i can't because its the family's   
"what really irritates me is your constant decision to use me as a tool to get back at each other during your disagreements  i love you both, but you need to learn that i am human who knows that maturity is not age-based  you maybe older than i am  however, i am far beyond your level of maturity  when will parents learn?"
i'm pretty sure coach murphy would understand it if i couldn't do a work-out full on due to my obscene coughing and lack of ability to breathe through my nose 
"\i've never run away from a fight  i've simply embraced one of the oldest and noblest of pirate traditions   \"""""
what's with all the zodiac signs you people are talking about and why do you post it as your status?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
"i would like to apologize to everyone for my question earlier: i was unaware that there was some shift in stars    so, sorry for that tone earlier    but now i'm either a <propfirst> or a cancer    i don't care   "
"come on, steelers! let's go out there and kick some ass!"
and that is how the pittsburgh steelers kick some baltimore ravens ass!
playing <propfemale> version on the pc  u mad?
i feel as if i don't some people anymore  as if time left me behind when i was trying to exercise some repairs on my thought process  i am very sorry   
"i need a smile right about now    until then, i feel kind of  annoyed "
"acdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can   "
thank you alexey pazhitnov (or pajitnov) for creating the game tetris! you have earned my respect for life!
holy cow! my thumb is going to look so bad    at least i already had a callas there to prevent blistering! or maybe not   
"i don't like what i've become    i hear the voices of my friends and they haven't changed at all  then i reflect on mine, and    i feel like a different person    a person i know i cannot like  and if i can't like him, i know other people can't like him    if you object to my opinion, please say so    i could use a good correction right about now   "
tetris makes me feel better  except when i'm angry  never play tetris angry! or drink or drive  bad ideas those   
the jets have set a course for polamalu island! go steelers!
"a little trick i learned when deleting stuff from your computer is that when you hold \shift\"" and hit \""delete\"" you wipe any selected file(s)  they bypass the recycle bin  they never were so to speak  i just wiped half of what little music i had    \""why god?! why?!?!?!?!\"""""
"question: if a tree falls in <propmale> in such a way that it lands on and kills a mime, and there's nobody around, does anyone really care?"
my profile picture says it all    i'm a light-drinking hopeless romantic   
shuttle discovery's final mission before retirement  to the future   
"east bound and down, loaded up and truckin'\a'we gonna do what they say can't be done\we've got a long why to go and a short time to get there\i'm east bound just watch ol'bandit run! \i just finished watching \smokey and the bandit \"" don't blame me """
call me a conformist if you want: put this as your status and see what people rate you: 1  crazy 2  i'd kiss you    3  hyper!    4  jerk    5  i miss you    6  best friend    7 pretty     8  smart    9  dumb    10  i would date you    11  random    12  hot     13  funny    14  huggable    15  amazing    16     tough  17  cute     18  beautiful   19  loud     20  awesome!     21  i love you    (also tbh)
super bowl commercials!!! ftw!!!  laugh 
"wait, so let me get this straight: you not only point out all of my flaws, but also point them out behind my back? and on top of that cause me to acquire a very aggravating and painful migraine?! if that's your idea of love, then i'm definitely feeling it, j m b  you better hope the <propmale> grey tea and medication kick in really fast lest you no longer want your head where it is   "
"well    i don't know how whatever it is that happened happened, but it happened and i am calm now     calm    feels good to be calm    \it's good to be the king!\"" \""it's good to have land   \"" it's just good in general   """
not another greenbay touchdown!!! i know    you're all tired of seeing the steelers in the super bowl  6 wins  i know  i still want the steelers to win or lose trying!!!!!
just sayin' i'm bringing out the arceus for the steelers! start winning or i'll head west and kick your asses for greenbay!!!!!
and my good mood is crushed again!!!! f*** you greenbay!!!! f*** you!!!!!!
touchdown steelers!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
another steelers touchdown!!! holler!!!
 annoyed j internet troll face   
i love me my soup when i be as sick as i be     love 
i spotted a wild <propfirst> sweetfluffs gorey and a wild <propfirst> bonea around the area of g-star today  <propfirst> didn't hear me when i yelled his name from the bus  just shows that i'm a ninja even when i'm loud!  laugh 
"i wish i had a chocobo    they are so freaking awesome  if you know what a chocobo is and don't like them, you can't really be human "
"<propfirst> bieber-never mind    i  love  you, <propfemale> <propfemale> devereaux!"
"valentines day    whatever  my real love is, has been, and always will be    friends!  love  i want to be with somebody in general  but i doubt it'll happen right now  and i'm happy with it  because my profile picture is a chocobo ftw!"
it's official  i will convince <propmale> to restore the league of extraordinary jews!
so how about that watson? <propmale> didn't could keep up with watson or <propmale>  i am actually surprised 
"you ever get had one of those moments where you know you want to talk someone, but you don't have anything to talk about with them? i get those all the time "
hug a short person day  smile  is tomorrow  i'm gonna giving a lot of hugs tomorrow    i get to spread love!!!  love 
"oh, \   \"" how you are so often used by me   """
"i'm feeling kind of like a spy right now, kupo  must be the whole suit and spy looking sunglasses, huh, kupo?"
i just need a really good night's sleep tonight to clear my head of all of this perpetually growing self-negativity so that i can function more properly  good night to everyone! zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"i for one welcome our new computer overlords  \                                    -<propmale> jennings"
"i want to apologize to grelle sutcliff (a k a  mckayla) on behalf of my <propmale> peers for having to do extra work, even though as smart as you are, i'm sure it was a piece of cake "
i haven't figured it out yet    i always bring myself down while attempting to compliment others    could someone e playful lain why i do this? if not just tell me to stop doing such a thing and also to stop posting statuses such as this  it's whatever    i need a vacation    with friends    (sobs in corner) i'm not crying!!! (runs away into room)
"i woke up today wanting to hug friends while knowing that it is not possible to do that  not today  i'm enjoying my day, alright    not   "
chili makes me happier? yes  homemade chili? even more so  will the happiness last? i doubt it    knowing that i am the individual that controls the ultimate outcome of my life? priceless 
"i have my hopes and i am going to achieve them, no matter what event crosses my path to slow me down  i will conquer it  but, obviously, nobody can do such a thing alone  i'm glad to have the friends that i have "
"i think that on facebook, <propmale> alford is my stalker  he's being a creeper because i got on with 7 notifications that had him in it  you stalker    i enjoy it    take it as you see it   "
"i hope i can get myself someone to be with  someone to love  but, i'm not complaining about it  i can go on until i die  and my health is improving due to the fact that i am losing weight  makes my <propfemale> even more tested  i welcome the challenge if it does so present itself "
"what do i want more than anything? i want my friends to be happy and loved and not have to deal with the inane drivel the rest of the world spews at them  you all are the world to me  so of you more than others, but that comes with the territory  my ultimate dream in life is to see everyone i hold dear to be unhindered by the stress life throws at them, even if just for one day   love "
"you know, it's pretty annoying when you're doing something on teh interwebz and your cat decides to go climb up on the highest thing there is that is also next to the plug that the computers and stuff are connected into  luckily, i didn't have to do much to get back here   "
<propfemale> <propfemale> devereaux seems to be the most spirited when it comes to these poke wars i've been having   love 
why do fleas find me so appetizing?
"well, it's been a lovely night, but i'm going to end the night for myself really soon and i'll start by logging off of facebook for tonight   love  to all!"
"\captain's log: i'm tired    so tired    i can't believe my own partner attacked me  maybe    if i occupy his mind    with more duties    i can control his    space    madness!!!\"" - commander hoek (from \""ren and stimpy\"")"""
"me needs a life, me thinks   "
"if it wasn't for friends and family, i'd be nothing more than a biological organism that killed itself due to it's lack of self-worth, or so it thought it was lacking such  i owe my life to all of my friends  i mean it  the only thing i can do for you is give you all my undying love because once my spirit is lifted, it needs only to adjust to it's new height until it begins to further ascend   love "
madam <propfemale> norton: has a link for just about anything! and i love that she does   love 
"you are now aware that you can't say \irish wristwatch \"""""
"well, i'm going to call it a night everyone  goodnight!  love "
what is my life without friends? nothing  why is it that friendships tend to define a person? maybe it's simply another one of those traits of humanity 
"i just beat killer instinct for the snes on the hardest level with my favorite character jago  hey <propmale> alford, u mad?  annoyed j"
"everyone, i give you owens, my film's secondary protagonist "
this change    i just feel suddenly in control of my life  i've never noticed it as clearly as i am seeing it now  probably because my cancer side takes over to the bank of the lake on <propfemale> days such as this  it really is calming and tranquilizing  i feel so happy right now  i wish this could never end   love 
"uh    so which came first? the chocobo or the egg? i, honestly, think the moogle came first   "
screw ihop pancakes! i got my own! hahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!
"if i were a younger kid, i would be having nightmares over what i just watched, starring <propmale> goldblum and geena <propmale> "
i'm a person that can't lose friendships that easily  i've only lost two  that's it  people lose friendships here and there too often  i'm glad i haven't lost many friends over the years 
i feel like telling people what my favorite thing about them is  like this status if you'd like me to tell you  comment on this status with your favorite thing about me 
i'm so weary of inane drivel    let us converse some more! someone  talk to me  i'm on break  talk 
oh my god    a whole bunch of vocab copied down  next: vocab in another language! agh!!! someone shoot something other than me for me!
"\love is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope \"" - hk-47 assassin droid (<propfemale> wars: knights of the old republic ii)"""
read my previous status and i'll tell you now that i want some love right now    http annoyed  www facebook com permalink php?story_fbid=137319413000710&id=100001679567722&ref=notif&notif_t annoyed ike
"i seek the pinnacle of joy, the central cause of belief, the top of the tower to which loyalty is held truer than detectable by the divinity of any deity, the definitive light behind the silhouette of my cumbersome obstacles, the sheer tranquility achievable through that which only i can believe myself to overcome, aided only by the love of all my friends  the will to go on will get me through this journey "
you know what? my day has officially ended and i need to congratulate my film on a job well done for today's shoot  screw what i'm supposed to be attending right now because my computer clock has elapsed 24 hours  i move it   annoyed j
it's official  i get way too philosophical at night 
"go to your profile \-the top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse \<propfirst> thurber, <propfirst> white, <propfirst> sweetfluffs gorey, <propmale> alford, and <propmale> nicholson <propfirst> copeland  \i think this could work to our advantage "
"i'm sure that a lot of you don't believe that diplomacy works, but believe me, if you add diplomacy to an anger and rage-fueled conversation on something that one person started by telling all of the people involved their phone number and unintentionally turned into a complication that spread across over 200 people's facebooks and was sent directly to some peoples phones, you might just make a difference "
"so i'm burning a cd (yeah, i'm that much a f***ing old timer) with some of my favorite bits from donkey kong country 2: diddy's kong quest, final fantasy ix, and <propmale> meier's pirates! i'm liking myself right now   "
"oh my god, i know it's not the best thing in the world for me, it could just be the best thing in the world  i really do  love  my mother's cooking "
my day was really fantastic  if only everyday were like this one yet were e playful onentially better than the previous one! tranquility has certainly befallen me this day!  smile 
"i'd be happier about spring break if i had something to do  and i'd also want to go to prom this year if i had a good reason to  so far, i haven't found a good reason to go to prom this year  any reasons i should go? and, no, threatening to kick my ass is not a reason "
"so i was playing <propfemale> wars: knights of the old republic ii the sith lords, and i was going to switch party members, but atton and bao-dur weren't there and where atton's level and class was supposed to be had said, \ i am broken so very very broken \"" then the game froze on me  i turned off my xbox and turned the game back on  i'm glad i saved before that happened!"""
true embarrassment is when you have a retro <propfemale> singing to you about how much he is never gonna give you up  lol
i'm going to be watching bleach at 12 surprise 0 and kekkaishi at 12 smile 0  i want to talk to somebody before 12  i doubt anyone is going to want to talk to me   
"what irritates me is when i'm playing killer instinct, i have a perfect combo going and then suddenly \c-c-c-combo breaker!!!\"" and then i'm like \""ffffffffffff!!!\"" lol"""
\sir," i'm afraid you've gone with power \""\"cd5343638aac21ae89a73109c306c5de,listening the finale of beethoven's 5th symphony brings me back to my orchestral days at bak   
"i'm going to play me some killer instinct and then come back on, time allowing   "
"any time's a good time for a 3-course meal respectively consisting of: 1) spam, spam, eggs, bacon and spam  2) spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, and low-sodium spam  3) spam, spam, sausage, spam, grilled duck spam, spam, low-sodium spam, and 33% less fat spam "
i don't like the fact that you can only tag 30 people in a note    i posted one a few minutes ago and quite frankly i wanted everyone to get it  so could you go and read it if i didn't tag you? here's the link: http annoyed  www facebook com notes andrew-bryson humanity-an-editorial-announcement-by-andrew-m-bryson 196667533698603
kweh  kweh  kweh?! kweeeeh?! kweh  kweeeeeeh!!!!! (peck) (peck) (peck) (peck) kweh! (received potion)             kweh   
i almost wish it weren't spring break anymore because i'm tired of it feeling like a freaking sunday all the time! ) annoyed 
"was playing chrono trigger a while ago and realized, \oh god i'm such a hopeless little child because this has got to be the like 10th i've played it my entire life and about 5 or so new game +'s   \"" and he wonders why he doesn't have a girlfriend   """
"oh    how the break is almost over    just think everyone    hopefully none of you need to wake up too early on monday    but come tuesday    i miss the sight and sound of all of my friends congregated into a singular mass        okay    maybe not too tightly, but you get what i mean, right?"
"i wonder, and if anyone would be so kind as to answer, does anybody \look up to me?\"" i look up to the closest of my friends    but does anyone look up to me?"""
i wish everyone tonight a very calming and desirable respite 
fruit  fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and fruit and more fruit!!!!!!!
"\the invariable <propfirst> of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common \"" - <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>  i see the miraculous in the friends i commonly talk to and see  i love you all  i really do """
this day was more eventful for me than the entirety of my spring break  me loves me friends!  love   love   love 
"\the hardest thing to do is watch the one you love love someone else \"" i feel kind of bleah right now and this really isn't about anybody  i just wanted to post something to e playful ress the fact that i'm feeling bleah   """
sick    coughing up my lungs    hatin' it    lovin' the fact that i am completely in control of myself  i am centered and ready to combat the obstacles before me  *cough cough hack*    okay    maybe after i've gotten rid of this mucus in my throat    *cough cough*
i want this sickness to go away  now  *coughs up lung and the mucus causing everything in the first place* fu-*thud*!
"so heals decided to be a <propmale> and go dps and then somebody came and poisoned me  let's hear it for the lung up-choking virus that the enemy called \not-very clean places in which you live\"" has!"""
"i'm coming to school tomorrow regardless of my illness because, quite frankly, this last quarter is my last <propmale> at redemption for my grades  come senior year, i'm going to kick the ass of the entire educational system of florida because i am that much better than it! i have my halls cough drops and so i also have my pep talk! let's get it on!"
oh and yeah    last ltm of the year is this week 
"my platinum's sinnoh dex is almost complete! the only things i'm missing are a wormadam, and a manaphy  <propfirst> short-hamiwka will be supplying the manaphy for me in the future once he gets to the gts in <propfirst> chapman's heartgold "
the only thing i've been smelling all weekend is toilet paper  because i've had my nose plugged with it 
"ooh    to be on here, or not to be on here    a puzzling question that is simply answered: to be on here as i would need to be on here to post this!"
"i need my rest  i need my health  i need my friends  goodnight to you all, and i hope you have a pleasantly good night's sleep and a good day tomorrow as well   love "
"my family seems to be deserting me left and right  first, <propfemale> happy-smiles mock, who is merely leaving my spanish class and lunch  second, my sister, <propfemale> <propfemale> devereaux is going to dreyfoos next year    i are disappoint    who's next? :',("
i need my health back  i am little without it  so little    i am broken    so very very broken   
i was earlier approached with the prospect of conversation  anyone up for engaging a conversation with me? chat? anyone at all? bueller? bueller? bueller? bueller?
"aside from the wheezing and the nose blowing necessity, i feel rather swell "
"why are people posting these \r i p  (fill in your name here)\"" statuses and asking what if their friends saw that today?! it wrenches my insides to nearly nothing! i don't like thinking about that! knowing what's going to happen is bad enough without the constant reminder!  indecision """
"start, up, up, down, down, l, r, l, r, b, a, start  konami    x)"
i discovered how to use shadow moves in killer instinct! now i can pone even more pc butt!
oh my god    i just vomited    i feel kind of    lighter? i think would be right?
emulatin' killer instinct on mame (multiple arcade machine emulator) and kickin' butt from all of the practice on the hardest level for the snes version  i feel accomplished!
"call me a conformist, consider me a friend, either way, i'm bored and feeling honest  (pops knuckles) tbh time!"
oh my god! the judges for dancing with the stars were waving terrible towels after hines <propmale> danced!  laugh 
"i was confronted with the possibility of my family moving to pennsylvania after i graduate  it's actually a pretty high possibility    i don't want to leave after graduating like that  but with the current stupidity of the common people in south florida, mother is getting sick and tired of it  i am too, but i've lived here my whole life  and to leave it just when things start to get going    wow   "
