27d5654cb41d97c68c83105fd644b616
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday
never agian
i have the best boss in the world!!
beers and wwii documentry  smile 
loves the rain  smile 
another day at work  yay!
egh!!!!!11
history channel sucks now!  annoyed 
lost my car keys today =[
bbq  smile 
20 bucks for a 24 pack of corona    cant beat it  smile 
starts culinary school in a week  smile 
wats up with ppl poking me?
body aches and i feel like life has been sucked out of me  annoyed 
feelin a lil better  smile 
"workn at j rock is like being in a f*ckd up relationship,u want to but cant leave"
work now off to school =[
wish i had the money to throw in the market lots of great long term investment opportunities
<propmale> cramer
needs about 48 hrs of sleep
hates stupid ppl
stupid arizona hicks
 smile 
history channel doesnt work in my room  annoyed \
its racial profiling u dumb asses!
feel like throwing my remote at the tv sometimes
its not me  smile  life is currently good
dreaming big
my school offered to help me find me a job next week? maybe good bye j rock  smile 
got very little sleep last night  annoyed 
really just tired of it all ready to give it all up
tonite was fun even though we ddnt get in the club
<propmale> head ache
bp is going to hell
anyone short sell bp?
"\its a great day at <propfirst> rockets!\"" why do they make us lie like that? brainwashing technique?"""
baby sister is graduating today  proud of her but sad shes growing up
im loven it
river city after work?
<propfirst> rockets is bad for your health
folsom lake tomorro?
<propfirst> moore is freakn awesome
what ever happened to hip hop?
its been an awesome week  smile 
   so far
think this the earliest i had wake up in awhile
great night felt like a kidd again  smile 
who wants to go to rome with me?
"why would u let other people tell u whats the \in\"" thing? dont u have a mind of ur own?"""
"dont wake me,i plan on sleeping in"
wants to go to 6 flags sometime soon anyone care to join?
my journey shall begin soon
having a <propmale> cleaning party at my place  rsvp now
girls get the wrong idea when i try to be nice so i got to be an ass at all times now
forshizzle
another <propfirst> moore film
work was awesome without the girls and their drama  smile 
didnt get the point of throwing rocks at the train but it was fun screaming at it
just fell in love with the girl in smokin' aces 2 
lost hope for mankind after serving people at <propfirst> rockets
<propmale> head ache done for the night
really does not understand women
"jenny: \you want everyone to think your an ass but you unconsiously do things that say your really a gentleman\""  f*ck off haha"""
lets get drunk at a drive in
the peace sign is just the trigger and the middle finger
been tired as shit the last few days need a 72 hour nap
best night i had in awhile
"hated by many,loved by few,respected by all"
at the dmv  yay!
head already hurts worried about tomorrow morning please dont call me before 12pm ill be sleeping in
crap
why do all the cute ones have to be stupid?
kareoke with the fam  smile 
when im a millioniare   stop trying to correct
figured it out! one of my legs is shorter than the other thats why i wobble when i walk sometimes
sunday off what are we doing saturday night?
remembers why i still the south  smile 
fucking head hurts
beaver fever!
why do guys have to make the first move?
needs to leave county lines sometime soon 
kind of fun messing with drunk people while sober
every man for himself now
"\are you chinese or asian?\"" are you stupid?"""
taking shot for the vets
still didnt get drunk tonight =[ to bd continued
next!
*sigh* stupid girl
chicken butt
you new girlfriend is old news
not in a good mood for some reason
lets just pack up and runaway
dont know why but was in a great mood all day  smile 
 smile 
youre pathetic
good times  pretty happy  smile 
think im ready to start this new chapter in life 
been in pretty good mood the last couple days   hope it continues
holy shit    mcdonalds serves breakfast right now! mcmuffin anyone?
shut up
feels like high school all over agian
"\  a special breed  \"" thats right! ha"""
work is going to suck
just got off   what we doing tonight?
"sleeping 5 hours a night is really killing me right about now\   why do i still torture myself"
got my sleep in and now ready to take over the world
love my friends
pretty happy right now  smile 
"hahaha   its a great day at <propfirst> rockets\!"
mellowing it out    movie and a few beers
i hate the next generation j rock employees  step your game up!!!!
needs to do something exciting soon
think <propfemale> can change bad habits?
just noticed when i drink i leave words out when i text
really needed a day like today   miss living in the south
some girl and her gay guy friend  just try to hit on me
arguing with dumb broads makes my nights sometimes   putting the phone on silent and sleeping in  smile 
was hanging out with a friend tonight and she made me realize how much i've changed in the last 3 years     shit is crazy
<propfemale> cant drive for shit!
fobs are so damn rude!
ready when you are
you    are    retarded
still got it   good times  smile 
off at 12  whats the plan?
"beer, steak, and good company after work    what more can i ask for?"
super tired and got to work both jobs today =[ but anyways whats going on tonight? ha
just went through some of my text messeges and found out t9 on my phone is retarded
lets take the world and everything in it
"my intentions are good\i cant help that im hood\i wouldnt change if i could\you shouldnt tell me i should"
"\you always look like you want to punch me\""\",27d5654cb41d97c68c83105fd644b616,work is slow got almost all my closing done and now dying of boredom
might close early at work  smile 
hates retarded people and needs a beer
finaly! not off at midnight  smile 
death to <propfemale>!
this day sucks!
g   psa  smile 
might hate kids after tonight
getting trashed beyond repair tonight
damn retods
head is killing me and no one has a pain killer
"how does 107 9,102 5,and 103 5 stay in business when they all sound the same?"
who wants to be my bestfriend and drop me off a pack of cigerettes at work?
