657
d177a27cdcf11df2e6e09de9620e9c5e
19
-
"somehow, i have a feeling that i'm going to need facebook more this year...  and sorry for dropping out of contact with most people this summer"
happy thanksgiving.  i'm bored.
no school again!!!
happy new years everyone!!!
i am officially sick
"combat arms. first game, 8 minutes, 10 kills, 3rd place; recruit server.  got case, then had to cut off to go to a cello lesson.  success?"
snow day this friday too
anyone know who teaches digital electronics?  and anyone know if it's a good course / if it's even taught?
"all parkway schools closed tuesday, february 1"
"contents of yesterday: install new drivers, flash bios, format all but one hd, which includes uninstalling all my 3 useless out of date os's, set my cmos options, redid partitions, installed windows 7 again, uninstalled it, reinstalled it, uninstalled it, redid my cmos again, installed it once more, and now am installing all my programs again."
it's done! all the pictures are up! your new feeds are safe again (sorry about that)!
"is realizing how few of the characters from the last couple <propmale> potter movies i remember the look of off the top of my head, since i was too busy criticizing the crappy movie plot/lack of it compared to the books, when i was watching the movies."
"why can't the forecast have been right, just this once?  i hate lack of freezing rain tonight!"
"ack, study for wednesday..."
"alright, i like snow, and i like snowdays, but if we cancel monday too cause of the snow saturday/sunday, i'm going to be legitimately annoyed."
"<propfemale> chen, liyang yingyangyo gu, <propfemale> <propfemale>.??."
snow.  snow.  snow.  snow.  snow damn it!
debate tournament complete.  interesting organization.
updated it to one from last week.  i'm wondering if the last picture was better.
i go mia on saturday
chem final over!!!  yes!!!  yes!!! yes!!!
it's over!!! it's all finally over!!!
i'm back
dislikes the new photo display.  it doesn't match the white and blue theme of facebook.
"did they just take off the infinite campus schedules, or is it just me?"
"the first thunder i heard sounded like it broke my neighbor's window or something.  actually, scratch that; it sounded like it broke my window."
boredom.
snow!!!  snow day!
"at:277ft above sea level35 deg 56' 32"" n89 deg 52' 59""speed: 0mph.  we broke something"
"dang it, college searching is really annoying.  why do none of their sites have any sort of minimum guidelines?!"
why are so many of us still up...?
"thanks, birthday messagers!"
"it's either facebook, my browser, or both.  whichever it is, fb is acting really screwy for me."
"last night of the cruise: karaoke night with 2 of the college girls with usmj's <propfirst> <propfirst><propfirst> <propfirst>'s piano mancoldplay's <propfemale> la <propfemale>dancing.awesome"
"you know, there's something wrong when your medieval army of 67 people is holding off the army of 1200.  i mean, the ratio isn't quite as bad as the 300, but it's close.  and i don't even have the advantage of simply having to hold a small corridor."
1/2 to 3/4 inches of ice... then 6 to 12 inches of snow...
"dang, my wall right now really, really makes me feel like i converted to facebook stalking..."
wtf.  why was i just woken up by a hailstorm hitting my window in 56 degree weather?!
"so.  i went on a ship and spent a day in mexico and ate seafood in new orleans.  it all was quite nice.now, i come back to st. <propfirst>, and what's the first thing to happen?  i get a cold.  there seems to be a small problem here."
"alright, i think the uploader stalled on me.  it's been stuck at 191 of 200 for like, 20 minutes now"
inability to find good books to read
"alright.  i'm happy that we have no school, and it is currently doing the freezing rain thing, but... so far this has got to be the most disappointing storm of the century this entire century."
"alright, first 2 days of 7 total uploaded from my europe trip"
"alright! only one day's photos left!  that's 1309 more pictures in 8 albums, which i'll upload tomorrow."
"fixed it! sort of...  it still stalls, but i just start from where it stalled."
yay.  let us now celebrate one more year taken off the lifespan of earth.  only ~7599999997 more years to go.
"facebook seems to be able to handle it now, so it's time for me to upload my europe photos!"
i've finally updated my profile pic.  this one's only out of date by two months!
i took way too many pictures in the vatican...  and the coming 1196 aren't even all of them...  there were a bunch more with the other camera...
"part of disclaimer for a note:blame english class for all depressing views expressed.  they are what the school deems to call ""english,"" despite how it has nothing to do with the language and in most cases examples used go against english grammatical structure."
"alright.  i think i've begun to remember some of my dreams recently.  the problem here is that all the ones i remember seem to involve me falling, being injured, or being attacked...  what happened to happy dreams?"
does anyone know what the heck the national youth leadership forum on national security is supposed to be?
finally decided that it'd be worth it at this point to get an ipod.  now hating the fact that i need itunes for it.
world of tanks closed beta.  awesome.
going through deleting unwanted old fb messages.  discovering that i really shouldn't have all of them there instead of deleting them.
"i just did a full, careful cleaning of my computer with canned air.  aside from freezing my hand to both cans at various points, i also managed to drop my cpu running temperature by about 15 degrees celsius.  danged intel cpu cooler fins collect dust like nobody's business."
"just had dinner at <propfirst> gitto's.  the place that replaced uno's recently.  i learned two things:1. it's a relatively high class place2. veal really isn't that good, at least there."
"green hornet was totally not that good.  it defied automobile physics, it defied gun physics, it defied it's own stated laws of durability, it had no significant character development, and the ending was one of the most terrible endings ever.  i'm currently rating it just above chinese dramas, that's how bad it is."
is sick and it sucks.
"so, i was just driving my sister and her friend to <propmale>.  this is the account of driving in the storm, on 40 and 170, at 9:30 - 10:15 pm todayi was, firstly, driving mostly at around 40-50 mph.i kept slipping.  i swear i felt my tires slip at least 30 times.  my slip warning light went off 5 times.i had enough water thrown on my windshield by other cars to drown a couple horses in."
"alright, thanks everyone for the birthday messages"
"i'm currently posting at:37 deg 44' 40"" n89 deg 54' 35"" wat 76.3mph"
i'm now posting at 75mph is south missouri!
"i had a total visibility of about 5 meters.the freaking 18 wheelers kept pulling past me, so i was freaked out that one would hydroplane and roll over me or something.  note: an 18 wheeler rolling over an suv is not usually a good thing for the suv.worst of all: the rain let up a fair bit once i finally got back on <propfemale>."
"new orleans.  french quarter.  fine dining = pretty good, though fairly slow.  took us three hours to get through appetizer, main course, and dessert.  there was jazz though, so that helps make up for that.  finally, they fulfilled the goal of fine dining.  i wanted to just lay there with my eyes closed afterwards.  wonderful.  except for the mustard that smelled like horseradish."
"i really do like the rain.  unless i'm trying to drive in it in the dark, just to qualify my last two statuses."
"lunch at 5 guys burgers and fries; when i took out my burger my first thought was, ""is this a freaking softball wrapped in tin-foil or something?"""
so... i think i melted off part of my fingerprints on my index fingers this morning when i was working with the naoh again.
95 on the gov final without studying!  celebration!
"so, it looks like debate just dropped off my schedule for the next couple weeks..."
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1. something i learned about you by looking at your wall, 2. the color you remind me of, 3. my first memory of you, 4.the animal you remind me of, 5. ask something i've always wondered about you, 6. my favorite thing about you, 7. give you a weird nickname,8. challenge you to post this as your status"
"off the cruise.  now posting while driving at 72mph in alabama.  will be back within 3 days, probably"
thanksgiving. break!
"forecast has now moved the freezing rain to start early monday morning, and continue essentially throughout the day and into tuesday morning.  early tuesday morning it is predicted to shift from freezing rain into snowfall, later building on high winds around 20mph, and continuing through part of wednesday.  snow days much?"
"the most outrageous non-workstation design from falcon northwest.  costs $23,929.36 to get.  it's specs are similar to my earlier post, but it features significantly better cooling and design.  custom built, all good reviews.  insanity.  the place even paints the case for you, with flame design option."
"gah.  i put a six pack of dr. pepper on my computer instead of the other office chair 10 minutes ago, straight from the garage.  it's already warm."
"note to parkway central debaters:  our lunch stop wants cash or check, and does not accept credit."
what's with the harassment going on this weekend?
"alright.  i can understand why parkway didn't release very early (stupid 2 minutes...), but that doesn't mean i like it."
aaaaannd we're back!
"the most powerful shoe box ever constructed, from falcon northwest.  costs $12,568.00 to get.  it's literally the size of a large shoe box...  and it's almost as powerful as the custom build i have way down the wall.  note that this guy actually has several terabytes of solid state drives.  put into a raid 0 configuration."
"btw, note to all:you can expect another picture flood (smaller this time) in a week or so."
now back in missouri!  another few hours to home!
got the call again!  right as i was talking with jiayi jacy chen about having a snow day too!
"alright.  had 3 snow days to work.  just finished chem webassign due in an hour.  now only english and physics left, out of chem, english, and physics."
springfield for debate.
"pocket watches are awesome.  unfortunately, it seems way too many cost over $1000.  dang it, i'm just gonna go with one of the $30 ones from amazon or something..."
"the most outrageous design from falcon northwest at all.  costs $34,447.41 to get.  it's specs are of the sort you expect to see doing visual protein modelling.  or analyzing the pictures from the orbital x-ray satellites.  it uses 3 of the most powerful graphics processors on the consumer market.  it has 13 solid state drives, and 4 hard drives.  it comes with overclocking.  same case and design as the previous."
"and parkway is now closed wednesday, the 2nd"
snow day!
it's gonna be a beautiful time getting to and from debate tomorrow.  below +20 degrees wind chill and possibly snowing lightly.  i knew i should have gotten the wool suit.
"""u.s.a.  united society of asians"" <propmale> <propfemale>"
"cleverbot fail!  i totally got it to admit it's a program!starting with the bot.i don't.don't what?don't like your voice.we're conversing through text conveyed through a network of servers in the form of single bits. what voice are you talking about?i don't think i have been programmed to discuss that. have you checked the weather?"
"just took the act + writing.  i'd forgotten how boring those 15 minutes at the end of each of the multiple choice parts were, when i'm done and just waiting for the time to end."
20 inches of snow?  more like 2 inches.  i think more snow melted and was blown away overnight than snowed all of yesterday.
"damn, i hate this week."
"<propfemale> yeji <propfirst>, <propmale> <propfemale>sent it, finally.  sorry i forgot..."
pocket watch has arrived!  now i just need to figure out how to use the belt clip without damaging the belt!
"you know you debate too much when after a long tournament taking up two entire days of your life, you go home and only think about revising your cases."
first time i've been texting enough all day that i ran out of battery in under 6 hours.
"unknown is annoying similar to the bourne trilogy.  and it has really messed up effects.  what kind of car explodes on contact with the ground after falling from a parking garage and ends up looking like it imploded?  it didn't help that the explosion originated in front of and above the fuel tank, around where the <propfirst>'s middle row headrests are, instead of near the fuel tank or fuel line."
"dang it, why does every morning keep getting colder?!  we're supposed to be beginning spring, not fall!"
"alright, here goes day 2 of nfl districts.  i can't afford to lose another round from here on out.  so, now, i'm gonna go get a good night's sleep and... ah shit, there's a physics webassign due."
3 hour nap.  still tired.  still sick.  dang it.
already out of the running for mshsaa last night.
"i should be doing my homework and studying for my quizzes tomorrow... but instead i find myself looking for something to do on here.  not actually doing anything yet, just searching for something besides homework and studying to do."
"i need to find a good smg or two to wear with my debate suit.  people tell me i look like i'm in the mafia when i wear it, and i need to live up to that."
"it's spring break!...  eh, somehow i don't feel a big change from anything."
"there's nothing quite like the headache you get after driving for 3 hours straight, twice in one day."
who knows some good local places to visit outside downtown stl?
correction to earlier post: who knows some good local places to visit in the counties around here?
dang it.  i just realized something bad.  responding to pokes is now an automatic process for me.
time to go touring the... next few states over to the right.  i'll probably be responding more to text and calls and less to facebook and emails then.
i'm back!
nothing like driving through 4 states to learn how to handle cross country driving in all conditions.
"dang it, why must the weather do this?  the flowers just bloomed!"
