318
9f757cf1cec67374da78b1a612e879c8
20
-
bored at work...
"at work.  slow, calm night.  no drama.  except for the damn low volume, but high pitched wailing sound coming from the fire system...  almost like a meditation exercise."
"have to go back to work tonight...  had a wonderful week off.  went to lake <propfirst>, hiked up tongue mountain, got another year older, and spent time with an old friend.  all ends too quickly."
find me on tagged:  http://www.tagged.com/preciousshadow
"having dinner at mom's.  aunt and uncle visiting from <propfemale>, ga."
"ugh, tired... worked all night and now it's time for bed... night/morning all"
"my friend <propmale> and his daughter, rachyl stopped over today.  we rough housed, went to dinner at the cracker barrel, played some games, went for a walk... rachyl spending the night and are now watching the game plan before one of us goes to bed."
beeping coming from the bottom panel of the fire alarm every ten seconds... can you say headache?!
::sigh:: just got done doing the audit at work... thinking about lunch..
is trying not to smoke and going crazy.
on day 2 plus 3 hrs since last cig smoked.   i did this all once before a few years ago and don''t remember it being as difficult.  but i will get it done.
"so, getting near the end of day three in my quest to give up smoking and go without a cigarette longer than my friend who i am in a contest with... coincidentally though, i am noticing that i have had an increased amount of pain in my left knee since i stopped.  not sure what to do about it either.  thought, suggestions?"
"is not feeling very well today.  possible ear infection (ouch!), on and off fever, tired, dizzy.... and at work to top it off.  and it seems just about every guest is lacking in the area of common sense which is more aggravating when one isn't feeling well."
heading to bed.  have to work the graveyard shift tonight.  hope fully it'll be slow tonight.  i want to try and get some shopping in before work and stop at my sister's to visit.  good night and good morning all.
"was reading something and has a question, looking for an opinion.  who is worse - the child abuser? - the people/person who saw the warning signs that someone was about to abuse a child and said/did nothing? - the person who let the abuser get away with it after the fact by covering it up for them?"
"people: usa alert>>>>amber alert. ...3 year old boy taken in rochester, in by a man driving a mitsubishi eclipse plate number ........98b351.........please put this as your status so it moves all across facebook. you would if it was your child!!!"
is soooo tired... this has been rough week so far and it's only wednesday...  i hope it gets better
is going to crossgates tomorrow... kind of looking forward to it
"i'm thankful for having my friend, <propmale>, and his daughter, rachyl, in my life.  <propmale> demania"
i am thankful for having a job in these uncertain economic times.
"today, i am thankful for my cats."
"today i am thankful for my aunts, aunt <propfirst>, aunt <propfirst>, aunt <propfirst>, and aunt <propfirst>.  also thankful for my uncle <propfirst>, and late uncles <propfirst> and <propfirst>."
"todsay i am thankful for for all the young people in my life; rachyl, melaniie, <propmale>, connor, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>"
today i am extra thankful for my aunt <propfirst>.
who ordered all this snow???
put ? this ? on your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i want for christmas is a cure!
"headed up to great escape today with <propmale>, rachyl, my brother in law's sister, <propfemale>, and her two boys.... hope it warms up at some point.."
"sitting at work, reading a book, waiting for the last reservation of the night before i can do my audit.  been sniffling, sneezing, coughing and wheezing all week, and my dad's in the hospital.  can't visit him while i am sick, which should be obvious to some, but my sister gives me a hard time over it.  am i wrong not to visit my father who had surgery in the hospital when i am sick?"
"so, i felt better today and went to see my dad in the hospital.  it's amazing how a hospital bed can make a person seem smaller, almost as if what made them ill has shrunk them in some way.  it's a difficult sight to see.  other than that though, he seemed to be doing well and is expected to be discharged tomorrow morning."
"only an hour left at work.  dad's been home since sunday, doing okay so far.  got approved for a week off of work in march to go to florida with my sister, her husband, her friend, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>'s three children, <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>.  i am hoping too that my friend and his daughter will be able to go as well.  i am really looking forward to going!"
"so, dad came home from the hospital on sunday and seems to be doing okay.  made spaghetti w/meatballs, sausage, and garlic bread last night.  came out pretty good, although, not sure if it is actually possible to mess those up.  sitting at work now, doing <propfemale>, so a lil bored.  think i might go and play some wow."
go angels!  i'm not a laa fan... i just hate nyy.
"at work, struggling valiantly to keep my eyes open.  long weekend w/o enough sleep today.  and it wasn't even the good type of long weekend.  :(  can't wait to go home and snuggle up under my covers and sleeeep."
"tried to do something that was the right thing and won't let anyone, ""friend"" or not make her feel guilty for it."
"today, i am thankful for my parents, even as nutty as they are, and my sister who is there for me as often as she can be.."
"last night at work before going on vacation.  i am excited about getting away for a while.  have some last minute laundry and things to do, then packing.  hoping for a great time away."
ever feel like you just left work and are back already?
i think that worse than getting only 3 hours of uninterrupted sleep is getting 3 hours of interrupted sleep.  going to be a looong f'n day.
happy halloween everyone
sooo tired.... 15 days and counting
made it to work.  spending the night after my shift.  only problem is i forgot my medication.  not good.  and won't be home til thursday morning either...
"got home from florida yesterday afternoon.  it was a loooong drive back.  the vacation could definitely have been better.  honestly, i think the only really good part of the trip was spending time w/family in <propfemale> before continuing on to florida.  i did get a new tattoo though, so am pretty excited about that."
back at work... feels like i was just here yesterday...  i need a vacation..  ;)
"i am grateful to have a job, but i hate the place i am at....waaaay too much bs here"
"stop b*tching about your job and just do it... if you hate it so much, find something else, but stop b*tching and whining about how much you hate it."
tired.. not enough sleep today
has to take her <propfemale> to the vet today.  :(  poor baby seems rather sick.
"so, i hurt my foot/ankle 3+ wks ago.  then everytime it doesn't bother me for a day or two, i think it is all better only to have it swell up and cause a lot of pain.  it's been hurting so much this week and it's really swollen."
settling in home to get some laundry done... amazing how quick it piles up
"left ny abt 6:15pm fri.  got to <propfemale> @ abt 10am.  made good time.  had bkfst @ waffle house.  c/i early to the hotel.  took a nap.  went to my cousin <propfemale>'s house abt 5.  met my cousin <propfirst>'s wife <propfemale> & their two daughters, as well as <propfemale>'s  daughter.  spent time with them, my aunt & uncle, & <propfemale>'s sister, <propfemale>.  had a good time."
is back from nj...  :(
"out of req's on mw, please add me"
"home at last!  :)  kicking my feet up and watchin' tonights episode of bones with some sugar free, low cal chocolate pudding."
got new cell phone... hopefully no one steals this one on me
"feel so tired today.  i had some good quality sleep last night too, and yet, my eyes do not want to stay open at work today."
"just wanted to give special thanks to microtel for firing me in september for the one and only complaint i ever received in august .  without them letting me go, i might not have found the hampton inn where i am now.  i truly enjoy the new job and the people i work with and for."
"i love my job, i love my job, i love my job....."
"so the other day, i am working at the pizza place next to microtel making a salad for another employee when the shift ""leader"" says i am making it wrong because i am using my left hand to add ingredients to the salad instead of my right.... just an example of what i am working with..."
happy new year all!
"this is the true danger of leaving your fb <propfemale>, however being that im not that kind of persn i'll log you ot and hope that you will appreciate my gentle heart for not post something otherthan the normal...good night <propfemale> and get home safely.sinlessly your thomas:)"
happy father's day!
"spent the past 2 @ nights at my sisters.  home now.  getting ready to sleep.. on the floor cuz i have a house gst that i gave my bed to & rightly so.  cats happy i'm home and running around crazily though, prolly keeping my house gst awake..  night."
"last day of working with the new hire & honestly, i am relieved.  this kid seems to be lacking in any form of common sense; it's really aggravating.  i try to be patient, but the questions he's asking could be answered by a few children i know.  makes me want to tear my hair out."
"i love driving from cp to western ave in the morning for a dr appt to find out is had to be cancelled because the dr wasn't able to come in... anyhow, did have a good breakfast for a change and heading back to bed for my pre-work nap.. late night shift today"
"at mom's hanging out with my mom and my sister.  want to wish all mothers, godmothers, grandmothers, stepmothers, <propmale> mothers, aunts, and single parent fathers a happy mother's day."
"going to head to my bed now to try and get some sleep before going to work at three.  i got too much sleep yesterday, so hopefully, i'll be able to get some sleep now."
went kayaking for the first time today on saratoga lake and had a great time.
waitint for a cleaning at the dentist and not very excited about it.... i hate the dentist and am dentist phobic... already feeling my heart begin to race with anxiety
thinks people should have to take an iq test at the same time they take their driving permit test.
misses the days when common sense was common.... if there ever were such times..
"had quite a day yesterday.  got into a physical altercation with psycho crack head, <propfirst> enos... and that was pretty much enough drama and ""fun"" for me."
"tried to get some sleep last night, but it didn't go very well.  head was hot, the rest of me shivering.  woke up feeling more run down than when i went to bed, yet can't seem to sleep.  throat feels like it's on fire.  :(  and i will admit right now, that i am like a big baby when i am sick."
has the smurf theme song in my head this morning
tired.. didn't sleep well.  :(  feeling a lil feverish too.  can't wait til tomorrow.
"not feeling well today.  sore throat, run down feeling, on-again/off-again low grade fever, swollen neck glands, and so so so tired..  :(   hate being sick!"
"to my former best friend of 17 years, who ended our friendship for no legit reason.. you're a coward and a b*tch and i hope that the only good part of you doesn't turn out to be like you"
"it was hot up at lake <propfirst> today.  tried to sleep while on the beach since i had worked all night previous, but couldn't.  ended up w/some sunburn.  walked around the village a bit, then we ate at mezzaluna's.  mom and sister played minigolf while i napped in the car.  got home bout 11:30pm. had been up for29 hrs."
hurt my thumb on my left hand the other day somehow.  not sure how i did it; just woke up and it was hurting whenever i move it.  and there's some swelling down by the joint where thumb meets palm.
"so my ""best friend"" decided to end a 17 year friendship over reasons he can't seem to communicate.  apparantly, i should be able to read his mind and just know why, but while i do feel i have good intuition, this does not make me a mind reader.  so, the only thing i can conclude is that he wasn't really my friend at all."
"went to maconchies (sp?) yesterday with <propmale>, rachyl, <propfemale>, connor, and <propmale>.  swam in the pool, felt good.  unfortunately got some more sunburn, and yes, i did use sunblock.  hurting quite a bit today and very tired."
"got hired at hampton inn on wolf rd, giving days inn me two week notice tomorrow.  i am sooooo excited!!!!  :)"
"went to saratoga spa state park after breakfast with my father, sister, her niece, and my father's.... ""friend's"" son, zaden.  he's such a cutie.  can't imagine why his mother would rather be doin what she's doin, than being with her son."
"disturbed at big day out was great!! so was halestorm, stone sour, and avenged sevenfold."
"ok, so tonight at work wasn't too bad cause it was slow, but tomorrow night will be a different story... more check ins, more walk ins, more phone calls, more senseless questions...shouldn't that mean more money per hour?  ;)"
"i miss my former friend who i loved as much as i love my sisters and his daughter, but i am not going to play guessing games either.  be straight up and honest with me or don't bother in the first place."
"just got out of work. (yeah!) it was a hot, tired day.  now when i get home though i have to empty the cats' boxes-yuck!  but then gonna relax and go to bed early."
"hungry, hungry, hungry!! worrying about my rugrat and hope she knows how much the real people in her life love her."
"hate being sick.. have a sore throat, feel run down, cough, aching all over.. ugh!"
got a new job at the days inn on wolf rd!  yipee!
i love double standards...
'nother night at work... going to be busy too.  mondays are probably our consistently busiest night of the week for check ins.  but at least most of them are regulars.  :)
taking a day to relax at home and do pretty much nothing
"dares anyone to watch ""<propfemale> smiles"" and remain completely uneffected."
"is getting ready to go to work for another eight hours of dealing with people, 90% of which have less sense than pennies."
on my way to lake <propfirst> with my mom and sister to celebrate my mom's 70th birthday.
"ok, i work in a hotel called microtel... anyone with an ounce of sense could probably guess that the rooms are smaller than in most hotels.. yet it never ceases to amaze me the number of people who express suprise or dismay over the smallness of the rooms... and this even from people who book online where there is access to pics for a person to see"
"ate at <propmale>'s diner in watervliet and found a hair under my omelet. i handed it to my waitress and told her about it, but was done anyway. she asked if i wanted it wrapped!"
opening day at saratoga and it's been a helluva busy morning here at the hotel
"so, i sprained my ankle last wednesday while doing some low key hiking on paradise island in the mohawk and it hurts more now than it did when it happened... and boy oh boy does it hurt!"
"back to work today.  but not necessarily good back to work dy.  i feel horrible.. face is flushed with fever, i have that sickly run down feeling, throat hurts.. and yesterday while hiking around paradise island, i spained my left foot, so that's hurting a lot today.."
goodnight and sweet dreams everyone
"recent hotel reservation conversation  -me: would you like to hotel the reservation with a credit card... her: yes, did you want the number?-   ummm, nah, i'll just pretend you gave me a credit card to hold it with.... really?"
"i cannot believe the level of disrespect being brought to my sister and brother-in-law's home with fights, drinking, pot smoking, trashing the basement, and a lack of following rules they set down with all they have tried to do to help certain teens. makes me very upset since i love my sister more than anyone and don't like seeing her disrespected, especially not in her own home."
having lunch at red robins with my mother
a bit upset about a lot of things lately.. which apparantly i am not allowed to express or voice an opinion about because it might upset certain people.. like the truth might upset them cause they forgot how to tell it or hear it.. better to bury it right?  pretend everything is happy?
"the b*tch stole my cell phone too!  i don't care so much about the phone itself, but i had pics on there and all my contact info was in it."
anyone else having connection issues with mafia wars?
is at work and went to go have an ice cream cone that i had left in the freezer and it's gone :(
is stuck at work till 11 tonight.. in this overly warm office... going to be a loooong day
".my ankle is acting up again.  :( everytime i think it is getting better, is swells back up and drives me crazy with pain.  i swear it was fine from last thursday to this past sunday, but then monday nothing, but the pain and the swell"
falling asleep at the desk....
"started doing actual work at hampton inn and so far, i'm lovin' it!  so far it's pretty easy system and everyone's been very nice.  :)"
"so, apparantly, the source of the reason my ex best ""friend"" lied.  however, in my post yesterday, i did use the word supposedly in regards to the source.  so, i do apologize for the post, but feel that if my former friend doesn't want me hearing and believing things second hand, he should tell me what his issue is himself."
is in nj having a great time!
wonders if there is any escape from drama?
"so, i am getting ready for work this morning, when i go to put on my sneakers, that i haven't worn since monday, but low and behold, they're gone.  so, not only did that crack wh0re, <propfirst>, steal my cell phone, she stole my sneakers, too... wtf?  really?"
at my sister's this weekend.  slept kind of not good last night.. was sooo hot in the spare room. and i don't feel any better rested.
"at work, spending the night.  need to try and stay up a lil bit longer, but thinkin it might be difficult since i am so tired, but gots a double tomorrow. 3-11 @ hampton and then 11-7 @ days.  no more days inn after 2/9 tho and looking forward to that."
"so far lovin' the hampton and the people i work with.. hopefully, this coming year will be a good one for me!!"
had a suprise bday party today.. thank you everyone who came... i had a good time and hope everyone else did too... pics to come tomorrow...
is having a cluster fck of a day at work..
heading to bed.. wondering where my dreams will take me tonight..
"woke up feeling like it's 80, yet the termostat is set on 65..."
"feeling tired, rundown, w/a hint of a fever.  :(  gonna be a long night at work."
thinkin i have reached my quota this year on other people's bs and drama..
how did we meet? post this as your status & see who remembers
"to my real friends and family, i love you all and you're in my heart."
"the snow might look pretty, but that doesn't mean i am eager to drive in or on it."
i love waking up all stuffy... :(  goin to get my days check and have a good dinner @ cheesecake factory w/a gc.  maybe do some shopping at lb and barnes n <propmale>.  not sure what to do w/the rest of my spare time before work @ 11 though....
to all my close friends and family:  <3 you.
happy <propfirst>'s day to everyone
"went to paint at my mother's today and heard that a neighbor, mrs. <propfemale> call, died on the 18th.  while i didn't have much contact with her since my teens, i still feel sad that she has passed on.  i have memories of her as being a very nice lady and my heart goes out to her family."
really likin' the hampton so far.  i will be glad when the computer course training is done though and i can really get into the swing of things.  not much left on it.
<propfemale> christmas all!!!
"there's something wrong when at bed time, one tries to wend their way around their sleeping pets to avoid disturbing them."
isn't it kind of disrespectful to call someone by a name you prefer instead of the one they prefer?
"so tired, wanting to fall asleep right here... still got an hour left, plus drive home time... planning to sleep like 12 hours..."
some people can be very rude.
"everytime i feed my cats, i become a little more convinced that they are really piggies in cat costumes..."
putting my two weeks in tomorrow!  can't wait to be done with that place!
finished my onq tutorial for the hampton inn this morning.  hoping to start the actual training this week.
happy thanksgiving everyone.
nothing like being scheduled 20 days in a row between two jobs to make a person feel tired looong before the end of said 20 days.
i feel that if certain teenagers want to be treated like grownups they should act with the maturity of grownups...
tired.. going to bed.  night all.
i just woke up an hour ago and already i want a nap... it probably didn't help that i didn't go to bed til 8 this morning...
16 days in a row and counting.. and tired
"still feel lil blah today, but the hours are moving along.  and i don't work too much!  :)"
"day off today and tomorrow.  yeeeayy!  some extra sleep, a bit of shopping, maybe catch a movie.."
"insane night at work.  none stop phone and check ins for the better part of 3 hours.  have to spend the night at work cause the roads are too messed up and dammit i don't have my laptop.  not to mention, i prefer my own bed and blankie."
"day off... home relaxin.. had things i wanted to do today, but short on fuel.. so have to put that stuff off for another day off"
"""baby, it's cold out there..."""
"to all my true friends and family, i <3 you!"
"already tired and have to go to next job after this, but i have a feeling, i'll be even more exhausted come friday."
"ok.. shower, dress, shovel, bank, store, work... gonna be an adventure"
i love it when my bank f's up and i can't get access to my funds til the next day.
"ever notice someone's help can actually be more of a hindrance?  i can handle doing what i need to do and if i do need help i will ask.  but even when i do, it is not an invitation to take over."
"tired, tummy ache, fever, going to try and sleep now..."
"drama, drama, drama... calgon, take me away!"
soooooo tired....
just got done watching unstoppable... awesome f'n movie!!
hate it when people say something and then contradict themselves in the same sentence..
amazing how talking to an adult can sometimes seem so similar to taking to a child... or make me feel like a dentist trying to pull teeth...
how is it possible to love and hate a movie all at the same time?
"you little b, how dare you accuse my sister of causing you instability.  after she let you into her home & all she asked was that you work or go to school & you couldn't handle either.  nor did you help around the house."
"from my fortune/proverb cookie: that which you cannot give away, you do not possess; it possesses you."
happy ash wednesday for those who celebrate it.  myself not included.
tattle tale
oh spring how i miss you... come along soon
"hate it when someone texts me ""call me later.  i have something i want to discuss with you.""  then won't tell what it is about or why.  then say they'll call me later.  why not just call me later instead of telling me cryptically to call and make me worry?  grrrr"
"hungry, hungry, what to have for dinner..... thinkin a ribeye from chilli's...  slllooooow night at work"
wondering when my dinner decisions became the business of anyone other than myself or my doctor to decide whether what i eat is good or bad...
just got home from a workout at a gym i just joined.  trying to work towards getting myself healthier.  here's to hopin' i can stick with it & do what i need to do to succeed.
"most people have at least 200 friends on facebook, but when it comes to needing a ""friend"" to talk to how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee not even half of your facebook ""friends"" will like this. like this status if you'll be there for me. set this as your status and see which friends are there for you.."
"the one you just called fat, has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs. the one you just called stupid, has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night. the one you just called ugly, spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her. the one you just tripped, is abused enough at home. there's a lot more to people than you think. put this as your status if you're against bullying!!"
how do you find a way to honor someone who used to bully you and hit you when they were being paid to take care of you?
gettin kinda tired...
happy st. <propfirst>'s day
"i'm really, really trying to think of the good times i had there, but there are few to choose from and none have anything to do with the person in charge of our care."
"life doesn't really get easier, most people just get wiser."
from my fortune cookie today: you have the ability to analyse and solve any problem.
good night fb..  :)  love you my friends and family.  :)
breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on and crashed into we all have problems before coming to a complete stop at get the hell over it. reporting live from quitchur bitchin'
"redneck computer terms:megahertz - how your head feels after 17 beers, modem - what ya did when the grass and weeds got too tallmouse pad - where <propfirst> and <propfemale> live"
stunned this am by the news of <propfemale> <propfirst> passing away.
can't sleep...  :( gonna be a long day later on
"about to head to work.  finally managed to fall into a real sleep about 6:30, maybe 7.  so i averaged about an hour and a half of sleep.  woo  hoo"
going to a psychic fair tomorrow w/my sister and cousin.  looking forward to it.
had my psychic reading.  it was nice.  mostly enjoyed spending time with emmalie and <propfemale>.  but tired and feeling worn down now.  sniffly today and my right hip hurts like the devil every damn time i move.
my hip hurts!!  and i don't like it!
"lil tired, hip hurting, burning up"
hip and neck still hurt a lot.  feel like i was run over my a truck too.  and i think i am coming down with an ear infection.
got the weekend off and i am bored..
"my fortune/philosphy cookie from today's lunch:  the secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does."
"i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker. i have curves, so i'm fat. if i wear makeup, i'm fake. if i say what i think, i'm a bitch. if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>. if i drink, i'm insane, if i have guy friends, i'm a slut. if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy. seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled. so what, go ahead, label me, see if i care. re-post if you're proud of who you are!"
i love coming into work and cleaning up after lazy persons
"worried mom gave her daughter a pack of condoms before a date.girl laughs, hugs mom an replies,times have changed mom. i'm dating <propfemale>, give me carrots!"
"is it just me or does it seem really inappropriate to wear flipflops to work?  and when needing another chair in the room, maybe instead of just moving someone else's things you could ask them to move the items or let them know you are..?"
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour. i know the ones who will. think of the ones you know or love who has/had cancer. my prayer is that 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all. there are too many to mention who have fought & who are fighting. i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends. just for an hour
really?  needed to take the chair practically out from under me when there was one right next to where you needed to be?
take your problem and your attitude and get out of my face cause i ain't havin it!
trying to count to 10 to calm down and it's not working!
"i find it very comforting however, that her problem that she tried to blame on me was the fault of a miscommunication on the part of another though.  it's gratifying, though, i am pretty sure there will be no apology forthcoming."
"ok, more better now"
love doin other people's job..
"re-post: salary of the us president...$400,000. salary of retired us presidents...$180,000. salary of house/senate...$174,000. salary of speaker of house...$223,500...salary of majority/minority leaders...$193,400...average us salary...$33,000 to $77,000. hello! i think we found where the cuts should be made! if you agree... repost! i think we should start from the top and work our way down"
been about 3 weeks since my hip started hurting and it still hurts.  i still don't know why.  maybe it's time to see a doctor...
"at pf working out on the bike. probably not a good idea with my hip, but then again maybe it'll help."
off to go visit the madre
raise finally came through on my paycheck and you'll never guess how much it was for..... a whopping 9 cents.. odd.. woo f'n hoo
what is your euro-persona? -- my result: <propfemale>. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/23055/referrals/status?aid=100000173971007
what is your euro-persona? -- my result: <propfemale>. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/23055/referrals/status?aid=100000173971007
at ihop w/my sister. she's buyin'.
went to wal-mart at some point after ihop w/my sister.  she wanted to get her oil changed there while running some errands... and their express oil change was anything other than fast.
off to take a nap... i was up waaay too early for me..
"you don't look sick!!! no i don't. it's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue. it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside. please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (anxiety, bi-polar, p.t.s.d., lupus, fibromyalga, crohns, diabetes, arthritis, chronic back pain, epilepsy, ms, depression). __don't judge!"
having one of those days where it seems (nearly) every person comes in or calls suffers from d.a.d. (dumb ass disorder).
"???????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????????if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status???????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????????"
"his week we remember babies born asleep, or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home, or the ones who made it home but didn't stay. make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby. the majority of you won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject. break the silence. in memory of all lost angels. ?"
just banged my knee on the desk corner and it hurts!  :(
"i love you and fear where you are heading with your life.  you always said you didn't want to be like your mother or big sister, but all i see is you following in their footsteps... and it scares the hell outta me... i love you little sister..."
"it's been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship. these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges. they understand that life is busy and you will always love them. re-post if...... you have at least one of these friends, they will know who they are..."
"women's ass size study... there is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses... the results were pretty interesting. 30% of women think their ass is too fat. 10% of women think their ass is too small. the remaining 60% say they don't care, they love him, he's a good man and they wouldn't trade him for the world!"
at work... went to reach for two items in two different directions and it pulled against my hip... holy f'n pain!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together. using four words ..... what would you say to me ? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status....so i can comment back on yours to egg you on! (four words may be harder than you think)"
so hungry that i almost don't want to eat anything..
"ok, i know it's spring cause my calendar said so... so why is it snowing?"
i love it when the room spins while i am sitting down... it's f'n awesome  (not really)
it's not the busyness or lack of busyness that wears me out at work.. it's the number of inane questions people seem to need to ask...
i could almost see you as a manager.... if you actually did your job
went to the gym tonight after work for about 2.5 hrs.  met a potential work out partner there tonight.  :)  feeling good today.
"put ch. 13 on to see if svu was on and got stuck watching ""the voice"".... i think i might like it..."
"saw ""<propmale> lawyer"" tonight... not too bad"
cell phone back on and i am excited at the prospect of putting more than half a tank of gas in my car for the first time in 3 wks...
"just because i do what i am paid to do at work, doesn't mean i just blindly do whatever anyone tells me to do... as some trainees who don't want to learn the job correctly might posit."
tripping and hugging the floor are two completely different things!!!
feels like she's drowning and there are no lifeguards.
"there is something to be said for sliding between two cool, clean, crisp sheets with a cozy comforter on top... something like a stretch, a yawn, and a contented sigh.."
"goin' to the circus tonight @ times union center...  :)  never been before, so i hope it'll be good..."
having one of those days where i don't wanna get outta bed cause it's comfy and i don't want to leave any dreams behind..
"to all moms, grandmas, aunts, godmother, single dads, and anyone who is like a mother to children:  happy mother's day!"
is happy like a squirrel on weed!!!
"heart, meet thunderstorm. knees, meet earthquake. stomach, meet butterflies. and eyes, meet <propfemale> ;)"
"just rid myself of someone from my facebook friends list... happy to be rid of the turncoat, lying, backstabbing, pretend to be innocent b*tch"
think my boss is trying to kill me  ;)~
"""remember, too, that if your country has the greatest name in all the world, it is because she never bent before disaster; because she has expended more life and effort in war than any other city, and has won for herself a power greater than any hitherto known, the memory of which will descend to the latest posterity."" pericles' third oration according to thucydides"
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone will post this as their status for 1 hour. i'm pretty sure i know the ones that will. think of someone you know or love who has had cancer. my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found. will you post this for 1 hour to honor those who have fought or are still fighting cancer. hope to see this in your status
for all those men who say ''why marry the cow when you can get the milk for free? ''here's an update for you! these days 80% of women are against marriage. why?....because women realize its not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage!!! keep it going girls this is too funny not to repost lol
...yes i talk to myself and i answer myself too that way i always get the right answer!!!
can't stand hoverers
gots a date tonight after work...  ;)  *crossing my fingers*
hungry and agitated is not a good combo
how's someone invite someone out then then expect the person they invited out to pick up the tab?
had me a good time last night... or maybe that was more accurately morning
why you bein like that?  one day were friends and now you're giving me the silent treatment?
"...sticks & stones may break my bones... whips and chains excite me... so throw me down, pull my hair, and please freaking bite me!!!"
how the f*ck do you think i manage when you're not here?
"i love it when people act like they always right about what they say, yet the last couple times they tried to impart their ""wisdom"" or insist something was the way it's supposed to be they were wrong."
"""the <propmale> is my church,the fairies are my choir, the wind is my preacher,and the <propfemale> is my goddess."""
"so, you think you know american history? -- my result: graduate. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/36918/referrals/status?aid=100000173971007"
who says facebook friends can't be real friends?..... they enjoy seeing you on line everyday.... miss you when you're not there..... send condolences when you lose a loved one..... send you wishes on your birthday.... enjoy the photos you post..... put a smile on your face when you're down..... make you laugh when you feel like crying..... repost if you are grateful for your facebook friends -
had a great time tonight.  :)  thank you.
being beautiful comes from the inside it's not what you look like on the outside it's the heart you hold inside and the kindness you have for others :p
"if you can't handle me at my worst you certainly do not deserve to have me at my best.  friendship is give and take, not take while others give ,then run away. (this definitely applies to someone i used to know!)"
i love it when the room spins when i am sober and sitting down.... can someone explain this to me please?
"my curfew was lightning bugs. mom didn't call my cell, she yelled my name. i played outside with friends, not online. if i didn't eat what my mom cooked, then i didn't eat. sanitizer didn't exist, but you could get your mouth washed out with soap. i rode a bike without a helmet, getting dirty was ok, and neighbors cared as much as your parents did. re-post if you drank water from a garden hose and survived"
is it redundant for someone to name others as being lazy while being a lazy person themself?
not feeling well today...could really use a hug. will accept all offers :)
is extremely exhausted after a hard day's work of converting oxygen into carbon dioxide..
not feeling great today... think i will have get a spring cold just in time for my day off...
"15 year old girl holds her 11 month old son. people call her a slut. no-one knows she was raped at 13.people call a girl fat. no one knows she has a serious disease which causes her to be overweight.people call an old man ugly. no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country during the war.re-post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping.?"
country drive-in
"storm hasn't hit here yet, but the weather station keeps threatening us with it.."
and so the storm seems to have arrived.
so far it seems that this t-storm is all bark & was overhyped by the weather ppl
you're not going to win the poking war cause i am  ;)
so much for a storm... night fb
wants to encourage you to have those dirty thought and have them more often than usual! no one needs to know why u r smiling like that !
"girls, there's a fine line between wearing make up and looking like you got gang banged by crayola"
"a wise man once said, believe half of what you see, none of what you hear! but around this town, people believe everything they hear and make up what they see!"
i got tomorrow off!!  yyyaaaay!
"updating family tree info on ancestry.com... finding a lot of very, very, very, very distant relatives and new info abt ancestors.  very cool."
the sh*t you hear about me may be true. then again it may be as fake as the b*tch that told you.
"happiness is just like a butterfly.if you <propmale> it, it will continue to fly away. if you focus on the other things in life it will land softly on your shoulder."
do not click the 'enable dislike' - it's a hoax!
well that was a quick lil storm
"anywhere you work with customers, you're going to come across a number of self entitled, rude idiots that make you want to pull out your hair.  but then there are the nice ones who are polite and courteous who do lil things like offer ice cream or bring a dessert back from a restaurant out of the kindness of their hearts... these people are who make my job great!"
"to many people underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, or small act that show you care, all of which have the potential to make a persons day"
"be who you are, stand up for what is right, and be blessed by the people who see the beauty that you hold."
i was up at way too early for me and i am tired!
what ever do you mean? i'm as sweet and innocent as they come.
bumped the back of my head fairly this morning and it's hurting like a b*tch
i love it when someone points out how wrong i was only to have them find out they were wrong
what does one do with a sat/sun off?
"i don't put nail polish on very often, but why is it that when i do, i always need to scratch my back?"
"did you know that those who appear to be really strong, really are the most sensitive? did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others, sometimes really need someone to protect them? did you know that three of the hardest things to say are: i love you, i'm sorry, and help me. put it on your status if you agree."
is it gross for someone to file their nails at the counter while working?
"nobody said you had to be bright to go through life, look around people prove it everyday."
"wonders why old people tap you on the shoulder at weddings or births to tell you ""you're next!"" how'd they feel if we did that to them at funerals?!"
why is it that swimming gives me a headache?
omg can u imagine if i had a twin? wait... why are you running away screaming?
guest just yelled @ a coworker cause someone in the room above them flushed the toilet and it made a flushing noise..
"temper is what gets us in trouble, pride is what keeps us there"
"damn corner of the desk!  banged my knee on the inside corner when i swiveled the chair around.  f*ck, it hurts!  bad desk!"
"happy father's day to all you father's, grandfather's, godfather's, single mother's, and anyone who is like a father to a child."
i love how others can be such hypocrites.  watch you work hard to sort menus out and then throw it away when you're not here.  'cept now we have none to offer guests who want to order in... and this person says i have terrible customer service skills and i am not a team player...
can't wait to get home and watch master chef..
"why does it always seem like it doesn't get busy til after 9pm here?  phones ringing off the hook, this person wants this, that person wants that, and a line of people wanting to check in.... ugh"
finally home and watching master chef
on a fortune/philosophy cookie i got today:  there is but one cause of human failure. and that is man's lack of faith in his true self.
"life mottos: live, love, laugh... but when all goes wrong: ready, aim, fire!!"
"family isn't always blood. it's the people in your life who want youin theirs. the ones who accept you for who you are. the oneswho would do anything for you, and love you no matter what.re-post if you have friends like this in your life"
no cell phone til tomorrow night
beautiful day... too bad i'm stuck inside
"loooong day @ lg.  wanted to go to schroon, but got overruled.  tanned it up in the sun and ate dinner @ mezzaluna's.  my food was good, the service though not so great.  exhausted.  to bed for me."
"no idea wtf i did, but my l wrist is throbbing and hurts like the very devil when i move it...smh, i'm a damn mess"
feeling not well today  :(
i love it when i have a mesquito bite on the side arch of my foot with sneakers on while i'm a work... it's so challenging...
at pig out at river st in <propfirst> w/my dad n old-er sister
"flat tires suck.. waiting @ <propmale>'s for aaa to get here.. going to have to get a new tire tomorrow, which means no $$ for the week"
"he changed cause he said he did or proved he did... i know guys like him and they rarely if ever change... i ain't saying that it's not your life to fuck up, but that don't mean i wanna see you fuck it up and get hurt... you're headed somewhere w/your life, keep it that way"
"i love it when other people don't mind speaking their minds, but when others do and they don't like what was said they get mad about it"
you're a hypocrite and have lost my respect cause you couldn't respect me
"if an employer needs to take to task an employee, it is my opinion that this should be done in private..not in front of other employees or customrers..parrticularly if it is in regards to a rule that has not existed in the past 7 months.. an employee can't follow the rules if they change w/o warning or is uninformed abt them... just sayin"
"there's a <propfemale> outside my home.  i believe it's a male.  he's gorgeous with calico coloring on his head and along his back, and white along his neck and belly.  very friendly and vocal, but a lil skittish around people.  i believe he is abandoned and in need of a loving home.  i am unable to take him in and care for him cause i already have kitties... anyone want or know someone who might want him?"
"there's a <propfemale> outside my home. i believe it's a male. he's gorgeous with calico coloring on his head and along his back, and white along his neck and belly. very friendly and vocal, but a lil skittish around people. i believe he is abandoned and in need of a loving home. i am unable to take him in and care for him cause i already have kitties... anyone want or know someone who might want him?"
"there's a <propfemale> outside my home. i believe it's a male. he's gorgeous with calico coloring on his head and along his back, and white along his neck and belly. very friendly and vocal, but a lil skittish around people. i believe he is abandoned and in need of a loving home. i am unable to take him in and care for him cause i already have kitties... anyone want or know someone who might want him?"
"i switched a shift w/someone so they could go to a concert for which they won free tix for, so it figures that it's such a nice day today and the day i now have off is predicting thunderstorms."
not in a happy place today
at <propfemale> tire to replace the tire that went out on me last wk.
let's see how creative my facebook friends are.....leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name....it can only be 1 word.... then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you....don't just post a word & not copy....that's no fun!
"worried about <propfemale> (it's the name i've given to the pregnant stray female outside).  having a hell of a time finding a place for her and i know time is running out.  by tomorrow or saturday is my prediction for when those kittens will come.  she is behaving oddly tonight, so i thinking tomorrow..."
i hate it the room is spinning when i am sitting down and sober... and any other time too
"<propfemale> coe  is now safely ensconced in the computer room at my house.  this is only temporary.  after the kittens are born, she will need a new home.  but at least i have sure homes for the babies, which it looks like they still have sometime left.  my guesstimations on they're arrival date was wrong, but i still think it will be soon."
"off to north/south lake w/dad, sister, brother-in-law, dad's gf, & her son for dad's bday"
"north-south lake today.  went swimming; the water was nice.  my sister and i went paddle boating, though she mostly sat there while i peddled.  afterwards, we all went to a place called <propfemale>'s in catskill.  good food, but expensive.  home now checking on <propfemale> coe, then want to go to bed - i'm exhausted!"
"why would anyone want to be with someone who chose them second to another?  if a guy selected me as his ""back up"" plan to the one he really wanted, who subsequently blew him off, then i wouldn't want to be with him... just sayin.."
"if a person doesn't know when they are or have been disrespected, chances are they don't know what respect is or maybe even how to respect others..."
"so turns out miss <propfemale> coe is not only not going to have kittens, but is a spayed as well... i find it interesting that everyone who was interested in her when we thought she was going to have kittens couldn't care less about her now..."
"loooong f'n day at work.. banged my elbow pd hard on the <propfirst> door somehow, a gst let their tub overflow by accident and it leaked from from the third floor all the way down to the lobby to drop buckets of water on my freshly mopped floor...but in the end the day was worth it cause i made $31 in tips, plus my reg wages, plus wages for portering luggage for a tour bus.."
i can't wait til tomorrow at 11pm!!! :)
"salary of the us president ..................$400,000salary of retired us presidents .............$180,000salary of house/senate .......................$174,000salary of speaker of the house ............$223,500salary of majority/minority leaders ...... $193,400average salary of soldier deployed in iraq $38,000i think we found where the cuts should be made ! if you agree.. re-post"
i really hate today...
"2 hrs sleep today to drive someone someplace for someone else.. argument w/a narrow minded, judgmental individual who almost wrecked my lg two night trip.. and apparently, trustco charges non account holders $5 to cash a check written by an account holder.."
"lg might not big deal, but it gets me out of the general area for a couple nights.. think i might go take a nap... i hope this day will get better from here on out and not effect me tomorrow"
had a good day!  got a bit of sunburn at shepard's park beach in lg.  some food and cake.
"at red lotus in cp getting a mani-pedi.. hate the process of a pedi, but love the end result"
"<propfemale> robilotto i was given the year 1998.my age: 17-18best friend at the time: <propfemale> <propfemale> duganrelationship: <propfemale>, yet i had many fwbfavorite thing about that year: turned 18 and got my first car.like my status and i'll give you a year."
i mistakenly thought <propmale> was older.. i will fix that
about to load more old photos... i had a lot of albums to go through...
"now that today's album project is done, it is time for bed!"
went kicking and screaming back to work today after 4 days off....
"don't worry about people ""talking behind your back"", it just means your one step ahead of them, and they are in the right direction to kiss your ass. copy if you agree."
"religion-""you better pray that comes outta the carpet""logic-""because i said so, thats why""irony-""keep crying and i'll give ya something to cry about""wisdom-""when you get to my age,you'll understand""justice-""one day you'll have kids,i hope they turn out just like you""repost if your mom taught you this too.."
"?????????? ?????????????????????????? if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status ? ????????????????????? ????????????????????"
"somewhere a cop is being yelled at for taking too long to get there; trying to save the life of a total stranger; holding their bladder because his radio just went off; starving because they missed a meal; being shot at; fighting with a criminal; having to keep a stone face at an accident scene where there's 2 dead kids; and now its 4 am, and they're missing their family while taking care of yours. re-post if you are a cop, love a cop, or appreciate a cop"
another beautiful day and i am at work  :(
"you're at a strip club....use the first six people on your friends list in yourprofile! do not cheat!...the pole dancer: <propfirst> e osbornbartender: <propfirst> w. pedrickperson who tries to get you drunk: <propfirst> edwardshottest person in the room: <propmale> depeauxdrunk person in the corner: <propfemale> cunninghamperson that gets arrested: <propfemale> tonkshey, it could happen!see more"
can't wait til i clock out tonight....
"there is no one i love as much as my sister... with that said <propmale>, ash, and <propfemale> can all go f*ck themselves"
not really sure what all the hype was about... left @ about 11:15am to drive to work and it was no worse than driving thru a <propfemale> rainstorm... we've had thunderstorms worse than this...
might be coming down with a cold... and i don't want it
"at scottish games in altamont listening to what seems to be a scottish rock band.  so far, i like it."
so wtf was that? can't check twc cause i gots no power.
so i have discovered today that i hate mornings at the front desk
did not want to get up this afternoon/morning... cause it was too darn cold on the other side of the blankets
sometimes i just dont know what to do...
"so my car's transmission is messed up, but my mechanic who says i shouldn't drive it as is, can't look into it until monday and i have to work all weekend fri thru tue... so pretty much i am going to have to drive to work this weekend and hope my tranny doesn't explode or something.. sucks not having options..."
"just had to pass this along!! >>>>>>>>>a mother passing by her daughter's bedroom was astonished to see the bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. then she saw an envelope propped up prominently on the center of the bed. it was addressed, ""mom."" with the worst premonition, she opened the envelope and read the letter with trembling hands: dear mom: it is with great regret and sorrow that i'm writing you. i had to elope with my new boyfriend because i wanted to avoid a scene with dad and you. i've been finding real passion with <propmale> and he is so nice-even with all his piercings, tattoos, beard, and his motorcycle clothes. but it's not only the passion mom, i'm pregnant and <propmale> said that we will be very happy. he already owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. he wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too. <propmale> taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. in the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for aids so <propmale> can get better; he sure deserves it!! don't worry mom, i'm 15 years old now and i know how to take care of myself. someday i'm sure we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your grand children. your daughter, <propfemale>... ps: mom, none of the above is true. i'm over at the neighbor's house. i just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than my report card that's in my desk center drawer. i love you! call when it is safe for me to come home..... copied from a facebook friend"
"frustrated, frazzled, and angry-ish today..."
"not on the clock, will say what i wanna say!"
today feels like a good day
"going on vacation this coming friday. arriving in <propfemale>, ga on saturday for a night.  looking very much forward to visiting family i haven't seen in far too long.  then continuing on to florida on sunday for the week.  can't f'n wait!"
