422
59b5b8912d258bc58286a604d1e5e421
31
-
<3 august
<propfirst> sheen is hilarious and gradually going insane
sleep is powerful
when you fly in a plane and look down on cities; one wonders about the beauty of the cosmos.  how can this not be mapped out by mystery?
"late night coffee, and 600 <propfemale> book on quantum computing; fuck my life."
is totally livin' it; whatever it is.  i'm living!
<propfirst>
<propfirst> <propfirst> godward
so many coding systems; what's the deal with analytics?
"if people, don't believe; <propmale> would be nothing more than a hobby"
two strings; one chord.
"thank you, noam chomsky"
my prayers goes out to the people of japan.
p2.f (present)
<propmale> is <propmale>; nothing more.  pooh-heads!
null sets!  poop
the fragile link between sleep and death.
i need a room by myself
this week's terrible things to hear; some girl talking about friday
misses his slovenia friend; where are you my little gypsy
end (s)nz
ireland .
"<propfemale> had 16100 wives; wow, i thought, 16099 was enough"
"""i see you, but can you see me?"""
lovely times at barnes n' <propmale>.
meeting random girls in the woods is great.
persephone
just finished watching zu warriors; what a strange movie.  <propfemale> vu
"ambition is stupid; why, do people insist that you should be something?  but in fact, being something is simple; i really need to leave this world, and venture into the wilderness."
there is some odd trick to this world.
loves it when his philosophy professor curses the new age movement; people who grew-up in the 80s must've had a rough time with yanni. that greek sensitive man.
"i applaud dr. amit goswami; amazing documentary.  if anyone, who haven't seen ""the quantum activist""; it's a must see.  if anyone, if anyone at all is interested in oneness or destroying the stupid <propfemale> of duality in the mind/body problem."
80s music is pure <propmale>; amazing
"hello future; i think, i need to know you."
god is god.  that's not complicated; what's more complicated is his garden.
"lotus born; a flower of a thousand sands.  and they all knew her; as a simple thing.  she bathed and clothed simply; where shadows lit deem.  where light shined her beauty; under cloths that was her own.  to bring death a flower show.  what's there; she hears...dancing winds balancing to grow."
<propfemale>'s tiger population 'on the rise' is the best headline he's heard for a long time.
w: k 5/6 [749] q
kyoto or tokyo?
a samurai in the jungle of vietnam is food for panthers.
i want the world's money
"leaders are easily replaced; leadership, that's a whole different story"
"got my flute; now, it's time to get serious"
"wow, <propmale> university looks pretty interesting right about now."
"the midwest of the north: is a homely place.  mixed with puritan values, native american shaman, oriental influence, and blah blah blah... cold air"
analytic philosophy vs. synthetic philosophy
note to self: red-haired girls equals lame sauce
"i think, i can stare at a vermeer forever."
i wish i was insane.  it'd make life simple
white (h. and p.) light holes
what is the diet of flemish painters?  they are unbelievable; i can't get enough of holland.  take me to the netherlands!
so much energy pulsating through my body; must find a way to control this feeling.  i feel like a cloud waiting to explore into nothing.
"this world is so amazing; i'm stilling behind a desk typing at the screen words i don't even understand because i'm totally lost and foreign.  what's going on, seriously?"
two <propfemale> crossed lovers.
if its going to take me 30 some years to understand this; i will do it.  i have no regrets; just hoping that i can retain my sanity to write what is needed.
neow generation!!!!! fuck
"just read a sign that said, ""are you tough enough to wear pink?""  sure, what am i wearing other than the colour pink.  funny girls; always wanting to push it over the edge to insanity."
two//cats (fairies) elves
the first 2 mins of lyrics to <propmale> of carrot flowers are amazing
i just want to travel across the u.s.; i don't want a 9-5.  i want adventure and the allure of meeting strangers and seeing nothing but the blue sky.  all this in a station-wagon
i just want a <propfemale> giraffe
has rediscovered velcro shoes; is down with tying shoes
"was just looking through my library, and i was wondering why do i have a book on inflammation and diseases of connective tissues.  what a strange book; i don't think i have any care for the bio-medical field unless it deals in the realm of the technology that is being used and/or theorized about.  strange"
abstractrealism
people have really fancy names.  i wish i had a fancy name
"thanks facebook but i don't want to study homeopathy; not to be confused with a sexually charged path for homosexual behavior, but a medical study on diseases and drugs.  i will stick with physics and philosophy; and hone my vision with <propmale>.  leave it to the professional professionals; i'm a amateur at best"
i want to be lost in <propfemale>
"survival food: eggs, bread, and water"
the beauty of things; i was walking the other day in island park.  i saw two small children playing with each other.  one was a blonde child; she was consistently faster than the other.  moving and swaying in a way that mimic the motion of a ballet dancer.  (after 6 months spent studying ballet)  i was mesmerized by her motion.  strange beauty in uncertain ways; it is wonderful to see young children play
"if anyone, who hasn't read the i-ching and didn't stab them self; should reread it and stab them self.  not because the book promotes self-destructive behavior, but it's a chronicle for all men.  imposing on the idea that humane beings know what the world 'man' means; and for that i am not psycho.  just noting; that there are tougher books than the bible.  thank you, and good night"
unbelievable; fractals are so beautiful.
"poopy butt fungus is not real; it's a compound of three words that are subjectively humorous to say.  people seriously lay off; if i said poopy butt fungus.  am i guilty of immaturity?  possibly, but it doesn't make me crazy."
"today is one of those days where you feel alright to roll around naked.  not because its a special day, but the thought of not wearing clothes and rolling around is wonderful.  i once, rolled around with clothes on and it was terrible.  worse experience ever!"
is excited for the summer; i need to invest in buying a house
the nintendo 3ds is great; onto the next humane experiment!
coffee break!
neat times.
precious moments.
who was that strange girl at barnes n' <propmale>.
who knew that running at 5:30 in the morning makes you feel wonderful.  i love life.
really needs to explore more of north <propfemale>.
it is strange how a being like humane beings; are the way they are.
really hopes he gets the apt.
had the strangest conversation today; a story about a man from nepal who carries around a 2 liter coke bottle (cut) when he goes to the bathroom. he doesn't use toilet paper; so he washes his butt-hole with his own hands. like how parents did for their kids; who aren't fortunate enough for diapers.
the paradox of professor x:
really wants to go to a protest and hold up a sign with complicated equations expressed in some ancient language.  giving the value that one or two persons out of the protest would understand the meaning of the expressed idea.
not only are bears powerful; now they are able to <propfemale> a stick and beat you to death with it.  what is this call mr. <propmale>; evolution?
how the buddha works
happy new year!
