419
1e84bfe1c9bbd549913aad1bc57c8878
15
-
will drink your milkshake. *slurrrp* drink it all up!
is getting a little better.
is much healthier!
is home! but my cell phone is dead and in a suitcase somewhere between <propfirst> and ft. lauterdale.
twilight zone + new macbook = one awesome friday. and weekend.
<propfemale> <propmale> abs is keepingh me busy!
"has begun to take apart her rooms, and is discovering many fun things from the past."
is blissin'!
's room has kicked her butt. and is therefore exhausted.
is going to bed.
had lotsa fun at izzy's birthday party.
why is it so hot outside?
is sooo close to packing up her room!
wants to play with all her legos one last time.
is going through her clothes. is it really that soon 'til college?
ran out of allergy meds at moms. gonna hop on my bike and go to dads for more.
is in da bliss!
is preparing to leave for orientation. <propfemale> says its kind of boring. at least i'll get some info!
is officially a gator!
"wanted to go to the beach today, but it looks like rain. :("
is blissin'.
is going to do some tae <propmale> abs with mom.
's dad is on facebook. right now. i'm so proud. :)
is cleaning out the icky scum ridden bathtub.
"as you go your way, and i go mine: a light will shine. and it will be me."
can't wait to get the 'watchmen' on dvd.
"they say that these are not the best of times, but they're the only times i've ever known."
wants to go to the beach. again. because i know i'm going to miss it.
feels kinda sad. i just found my childhood books while going through my shelves.
is hangin' by the pool. lovin' life. <3
"like vines we intertwined, carelessly growing up and growing old."
just found 100 bucks! sweet.
was up 'til 4am last night watching the meteor shower. at the beach. with some awesome friends. it was beautiful :)
is tearing apart her room. why is it so emotional?
i don't know anyone who does not hurt inside.
is back from the dentist and continues on in the epic music transfer.
is done with her emac!! now i can inform my mother that we can do tae <propmale> abs . . .
went to the beach today. feels amazing.
should really get off facebook and go outside to explore today.
is transferring all her music from itunes on the emac to the itunes on the macbook. with only a flash drive. already 6 hours in and only at 'j'.
is thinking she has too much clothing.
is lounging around the dorm. prolly should figure out where my classes are . . . . tomorrow.
can honestly say that her textbooks are really cool.
"is, after some trial and error, in her dorm room!"
bought two frozen dinners to eat because they remind her of home.
is rehearsing her contrasting monologues. my overall best time is 1:58. cutting it close!
is not sure how to spend the weekend.
"doesn't want to go to class tomorrow, but probably should."
has another audition tonight for the student run theatre company florida players. i can has a part?
had a wonderful night. <3
just lost a crapload of money in mafiawars.
should be doing her homework.
had a nice sunday. is now going to finish up her homework.
went to the beach with izzy. can't believe there's only three more days to go.
just got back from convocation. wondering why it took 3 and a half hours.
is happy her artwork is still on the side of i building!
did indeed make a callback this time! for '<propmale>' in rosencrantz and guildenstern. 10pm - 11pm tonight.
is meeting up with t-bomb and then classes. and then auditions. ahhh!
back from one callback. one to go. got called back for the chorus in 'mechanical'!
had a very pleasant day. looking forward to the beach tomorrow.
says: the best three word sentence (besides 'i love you.') i. got. cast. <3
is going through her clothes with mom. it's quite amusing. :)
ncis marathon? don't mind if i do!
is back in the dorm feeling a little more grounded and rejuvenated.
hmmmm . . . i believe a nice stir fry for dinner. then rehearsal. (=
feels like she's dreaming . . .
has a long and physically exhausting day ahead of her.
had a nice day lazing by the pool. :)
should be packing for orientation.
is a girl whose playing a male actor who plays girls . . . shakespeare? very.
rediscovered the terrific game of sets. =)
"had stagecraft lab yesterday . . . therefore, her arms are sore."
is very tired. will be in wpb this weekend. =)
is enjoying a peach.
is not ok . . . and doesn't know what to do.
wishes she had contact lenses. these glasses are really annoying.
is going food shopping before rehearsal. where did all my leisure time go? whoosh! right out the window!
is going to do laundry today. seriously. because i'm almost out of clothes.
scrubbed the paint off. will sleep in tomorrow. (=
might go to the beach. could help my sinuses.
is getting ready to leave. how can it be that i'm off to college already?
"had no idea she signed up for an anatomy class. it was clearly spelled ""fundamentals of dance."""
great beach day with mama mia! and <propfemale>'s waterice. xd
"is still feeling vulnerable, but is not crying every hour or so . . . i miss <propfemale> . . ."
's internet keeps cutting out because of the storm.
is very tired. will take a shower . . . and not do homework.
will have dinner and then get caught up on homework.
is relieved to have found her cell phone. (=
cannot believe fundamentals of dance class would have so much paperwork and studying involved. who knew?
is going to go in the pool soon. it's absolutely scorching outside!
"maybe it's time to go, maybe it's time we went. you're making a spectacle. maybe it's time we left? maybe it's time to fly. maybe it's time?"
"kinda sorta did not do so very well on the stagecraft test. oh, well live and learn."
thinks it's awesome that in her acting journals her teacher leaves comments that include lol.
will watch 'brothers & sisters' dvd. then go to bed.
is going to her first class of the day. should check the callboard for callback sheets.
and her roommates just cleaned the dorm. thoroughly.
has a very busy day ahead. dance at 8:30 in the morning?! that's insane!
got to go up into the rigging of the constans theatre. it was quite epic.
has finally gone food shopping . . . this weeks impulse buy: gushers and fruit by the foot. mmmmm.
is still writing journals . . . can't wait to sleep.
"had a wonderful time with mom and <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale>. wants to try to eat at their house more often, mmmmm."
hopes she can get to publix over the weekend. otherwise starvation will set in . . .
is watching 'west side story'. best. ever.
has exactly 30 minutes to eat and change for rehearsal! guess i'll go covered in paint though . . .
"and all will be well, you can ask me how, but only time will tell."
has to study an ungodly amount of tools for tomorrows test in stagecraft.
is going to do uta hagen's six steps on her monologue from antigone. also figures she can sleep when she's dead.
feels like she did better on this stagecraft test than the last one. predicts an 83.  we'll see.
is memorizing and running her monologue. sort of.
should go to sleep. but has journals to write.
is more invested in the gators football game than she ever thought possible.
"just cleaned the dorm. loves the smell of clean, really. makes my day. =)"
plans her whole week around what portions of the day involve sleeping.
is off to library west to find some one minute comedic monologues. an actor's work is never done . . .
is taking it one day at a time.
has exactly 9 minutes to finish eating dinner and change into paint clothes.
can has sleep now. and a shower.
thinks the 2 <propfemale> play review she is writing for acting class on streetcar will probably be more than 2 <propfemale>s . . .
is back in the 561! until sunday night at least.
learned today that the hutu's and tutsi's were originally divided due primarily to whether they owned 10 or more cows.
is pigging out on cheetos puffs. soooo gooood!!
loves the month of october.
"is sick. however, it is not swine flu. but skipping classes today was a must."
strongly suspects that her dance textbook was written by her instructor. there are more typos and word fumbles than there are bricks in century tower.
has realized she has not seen <propmale> bernanke in 2 months. and is glad of it.
"will be performing r&g twice today, and twice tomorrow."
has no time on her schedule to be sick. can she pencil in the cold for wed. nov. 18th instead of now?
is going back to sleep. 8:30am for a dance class is waaaay too early.
now sleeps in a lean-to made of blankets.
"has heart. when the odds are sayin' ""you'll never win"" that's when the grin shoud start."
is looking forward to the day when she will have a night all to herself.
is beat. and missing wpb in more ways than she can explain.
is trying valiantly to break her housing contract but the university is having a hissy fit about it.
is finally going to publix! yay food!
"just got home after a matinee and photo call. oh, and after stuffing her bike down the sunroof of <propfemale>'s car. (="
has journals to write. but has been awake for 16 hours.
"is a little shaken after seeing ""the pillowman"". yes, it was that good."
"is working even on her day off. oh, theatre life."
"is jittery, trying to breath and relax. really wants to get cast in a mainstage this time around!"
"has a 30 minute powerpoint presentation that involves <propfemale> wings, a wand, and singing. also: cast list goes up today!"
just realized she has yet another audition tomorrow. is now running her monologue.
has been permitted to rest for the day. and is doing exactly that.
is kinda nervous about block auditions tomorrow. and really wants to get a haircut.
is getting the strange feeling that may-haps she sings and dances too much whilst in public?
has one more run of damn yankees and then strike. break legs guys!
is with izzy after opening night. can life be any better? <3
is writing an essay for fundamentals of dance class . . . what?
has found one perk of living on a floor with a bunch of other girls: fashion advice on what to where to callbacks.
"is going to write her 2 <propfemale> paper for acting class, and then sleep."
will probably sleep for awhile. then go out to buy purple tights.
"feels kind of crappy after juries. not even the callback for ""the women"" has cheered her up."
is sad r&g is over. will miss the basement times.
has two more to go! and is having so much fun!
has been told by three separate and unrelated people that she is too hard on herself. maybe there's something to that.
stabbed her hand with a tack claw whilst making a soft flat today in stagecraft. yay for last day of class!
is going to study for stagecraft. ick.
is rehearsing her monologues for block auditions. in a dress.
is so relieved that she has so very little to finish.
is out for a walk because is it such a beautiful day.
is surviving on thanksgiving leftovers. delicious.
"can get her life together now. bought food, cleaned the dorm area, and is catching up on hw. laundry on friday!!!"
probably did not do so hot on the dance test. whatever. one more month and she's done with that class.
"has groceries, her lines memorized, and . . . two papers for dance class due tomorrow."
is done with dance class! can she get a holla?!
has a call time of 5:45pm for a 7:30pm go. is that appropriate?
is home. and it feels . . . weird.
is feeling much better after sleeping for basically 20 hours.
"skipped dance class. listen, damn yankees is her life for the next two weeks and she needs to sleep."
is wondering why uf students only get two weeks of winter break when every other university has a whole month.
is home. and it feels great!
is memorizing a scene for monday. yay.
got her new macbook today!
"has to catch up on homework. when did this happen? oh that's right. ""damn yankees""."
has her short hair back and is feeling very content.
loves the cold! <3
is happy that it's a really gorgeous day outside!
is off to pay her rent. yay.
is super excited to show her best friend of 12 years around uf's campus! woot!
loves doing tae <propmale> abs. even if it means she walks funny for a couple hours afterwards.
does not like the rain today. if she wanted rain she would have stayed in gainesville.
"is excited and relieved to say: ""i. was. cast.!!!"""
will be spending the next three days with <propfirst> in ocala! yippie!
can't believe how much she missed going to the beach!
was drowsy from benadryl. had a shot of expresso to counteract that. interesting outcome.
feels like she should try to hit up the beach at least once more while in wpb.
is spending some well needed quality time with her bestie. (=
wants everyone to have a safe and exhilarating day!
is officially out of food. except soup. lots of it.
is trying to make the most of her last days in the 561.
will commence doing nothing for three days . . . now.
just ate pokemon <propmale> 'n' cheese . . . while listening to the theme song!
"has a slight cold. thanks, <propmale>."
has to pack and do laundry. but she doesn't want to wake her slumbering friends.
got 3's on her ap stats. and ap english comp. exams!
"really, really does not want to roam around outside."
"finds herself in the midst of packing woe. 2010 brings more clothes, new eyes, and a new house!"
absolutely loves her new living quarters. it's pretty fantastic.
is going in to uf with 12 credit hours! that means i'm a second semester freshmen!
went to the beach. it did help :)
"is having a <propmale> potter movie marathon. out of order, too!"
"thinks eating <propfemale> lunch 5 times a week is a good financial, and healthy, decision."
is soon to leave for gville.
needs to get her textbooks still.
tore her contact lens this morning. is back to glasses for a few days.
"saw her momma, and now has a year's worth of contacts. mothers rock!"
loves waking up to the sound of holiday music. <3
"'s nose has been overcome by the cold weather. thankfully, there is clariton, mom's ""health cocktail"", nasal spray, and <propfemale>."
is memorized. now for some slee - boot to the head!
is getting used to venturing out into the cold and then retreating to the warmth of her space heater.
has contacts! and it rocks!!!
wants it to be known that there is a life size cardboard cutout of <propfirst> colbert in the uf bookstore.
is going to get contact lenses . . . !
"has already found two typos in her math textbook. big mistakes too. lord, it's gonna be a long semester in math."
"did not make any callbacks. ah, rejection my old friend!"
cannot believe it is actually that cold outside.
"is cold, but back in gville and in a room all to herself! yes!!!!"
is back in the 561 y'all!!!
has woken up to discover that the death smell is now in her room.
is looking forward to a really fun night roller skating.
"has discovered she can do the clapping push-ups, and is so very proud of herself."
is looking forward to a day of yoga at the meyer ampitheatre . . . hopefully not wet though. please weather?
is a wee bit nervous for her saint <propfirst> monologue tomorrow.
is trying with all her might to not get sick. she already has a touch of the crud.
feels like the crud is taking over her body. ah! body snatchers!!
is happy with today. on to an essay for acting . . .
has received monies from her financial aid! yay money!
is relaxing this weekend.
"has a lot of homework, but feels surprisingly calm. back in gville!"
leaves wpb in an hour. life is very surreal all of a sudden.
is hearing about all the one acts at g-star and may have to think about going . . . .
just realized how awesome <propfirst> benatar is.
could watch <propfirst> colbert all day long.
"feels much better today. the cure? mucinex, sleep, tylenol, and rockband2."
has succumb to the 'my doppleganger' thing.
is on a boat. and will be for the duration of act 3 all of this week.
did indeed enjoy herself whilst roller skating with the theatre people. is going to be sore tomorrow!
rehearsed her monologue in the out door arena and then chanted for awhile. is spacey now.
"sucks at hand sewing. thank god for costume people, really."
cannot turn her head to the right. is wondering if she can ride her bike without looking too much to the right.
"ah, but yes. what was i saying?"
needs to buy food. seriously.
doesn't have a social life for the next . . . let's say two months just to be safe.
just cooked lentil burgers. from scratch. is insufferably proud of herself.
"had a wonderful, beautiful day. it included love, ice cream, yoga, love, friends, indian dinner, key lime pie, love, and family. <3"
"is sunburnt, but feels very accomplished."
sees her best friend tomorrow and is like yeah!
will be covered in chalk for the rest of the weekend.
can has one extra hour of sleep! woot for two 14 hour tech days! and on halloween weekend no less! with an upper respiratory viral infection!
"stayed up late watching ""the fox and the hound"". remembers why it was her favorite as a child."
will have pics of the street painting festival up as soon as death/busy week is over.
feels like her head is going to fall off and run away. because she is sick. again.
"is studying for her two tests and then will be free. freedom, say it loud, freeeeedomm!"
just got back into her dorm. ugh . . . two weeks of exams ahead of her.
"is very proud of ""medea""!! can't wait to see you guys in a week!"
"is free at last, free at last, thank god almighty, free at laaaaast!"
is hoooooooooome!!!!
is looking forward to being home in wpb!!
"is sleeping in, being lazy, and having fun. ah, spring break."
totally just unclogged a disgusting toilet all by herself. is doing a victory dance.
just got back from her first clubbing experience. what an interesting and fun night!
is goin' to the beach! hell's yeah!
thinks it's awfully nice that her sunday rehearsal was canceled. whoop!
is allergic to west palm beach. it's the truth.
"just stacked her books riverside shakespeare, asimov's guide to shakespeare, and passionate vegetarian on top of a bunch of eggplant slices."
"only scares and pranks the people who are closest to her. so, really, it's a compliment!"
"is back in gville, and really happy that it's warming up."
"somehow managed to get a splinter in her finger, but with thread."
"wants to thank every single person for the wonderful birthday wishes! it's wet and very cold here, but all the sentiments warm her heart. <3"
is half way through the journey that is an epic 8 <propfemale> human sexuality paper due tomorrow!
finished the paper at 4am. just woke up. woot college!
feels extremely guilty about putting off buying textbooks and doing some homework just to watch the biggest loser on hulu.
is dreading this 8 <propfemale> paper. ick.
has the first <propfemale> of her saint <propfirst> monologue memorized. on to <propfemale> two!
is registered for the half-marathon on sunday. ok. here we go.
"was born to run. on empty. for life. maestro - cue ""chariots of fire""!"
finished the half-marathon in 3 hours and 21 minutes. then chilled by the pool. now: rehearsal. good day.
"is consumed by rehearsals, essays, and lines. such is life."
is in the 561 for a brief 40 hours.
"is back in gville. missed most of the oscars, and will miss the rest in order to do homework. but attended a lovely wedding. good trade off."
"is wishing a beautiful birthday to her awesome mother, <propfemale> <propfemale>."
is home and hungry. will probably pass out for a couple hours.
is catching up on 'doctor who'. what a brilliant show.
went shopping at publix. barefoot. it was weird.
"just stocked up on food for the first time in two months. oh, college."
is stunned that this week is actually happening. back to back shows and various school assignments: bring it.
"can't believe they performed ""jesus is a friend of mine"" on glee. <propfemale> is a btard. who knew?"
"is a opening an absolutely fabulous, fantastical, absolutely mad show tonight!"
had a wonderful breakfast with <propfirst> placido and <propfemale> sattinger. has been putting her nose to the grindstone since they left.
is officially dubbing this semester the months that are shakespeare.
"is fresh off an awesome night of songs, dance, and poetry. and covered in glitter."
is finally going to sleep. for 4 hours.
is really frustrated with all the pollen. and tired of finding it in and on her clothes.
is so happy collective mom <propfemale> <propfemale> was able to see madwoman of chaillot. crew and castmates: she absolutely adored it.
"is in r&j tech hearing shakespeare lines while watching spartacus via <propmale> sullivan milner, and friday night lights via <propfemale> tasker. while trying to type out ctls. over-stimulation much?"
is off to her last time as a vagabond. madwoman has been an exceptional experience. come on. we have work to do. let's rock today's show!
"would like to thank her madwoman peeps for the lovely run, it was truly an honor. now on to jomeo and ruliet!"
has cornered the market on little boy roles in the theatre building. third time's the charm!
"is doing her thing, and happy to be in the home stretch of the spring semester. oh, and happy birthday <propfirst> dariarow, you rock. (="
is going to be the trendsetter of snacking on raw pasta. don't knock it 'til you try it.
had a wonderful time dancin' it up with friends at madpeople reunion. now to sleep for movement class.
had a splendid time at splendor. go home early and help make money for the sotd? good deal.
just googled how to make a noise complaint. ratting out the toga party two houses down after getting home from a party herself is waaay college.
is feeling the post show grieving beginning - and in two fold.
"feels like this semester passed by in a whirlwind. an awkward, cross-gendered whirlwind."
is preparing for a week of writing papers and essays. when it rains it pours.
is looking forward to the many wonderful things to come.
"will be writing her little butt off all day. ok, her butt is maybe not so little."
"is feeling her mind turning to mush. damn you, end of semester papers!"
is absolutely overwhelmed by the birthday wishes. feeling very blessed. <3
saw macbeth at shakespeare by the sea and it totally rocked. <propfirst> a. wilkinson is a beast.
is back in the ville unpacking and getting situated.
is feeling good about the week thus far.
wants it to be known that it is a saturday and she is awake at 8am. nuts.
"is extremely tired, but looking forward to a good night at rehearsal."
has two questions: who is going to the hipp's audition at 3pm on wednesday and can a ride be hitched with you?
"is wondering where the weekend went. oh, that's right, college ate it."
is excited for an easter egg hunt in the theatre building today!
is getting back into the swing of things.
"should probably actually clean her room one of these days; y'know, more than just running a wet swifter over the parts of floor that aren't covered in stuff."
"is off to explore <propfemale> gables, miami and to spend some quality time with <propfirst> placido. (="
loves it when things just fall into place.
"has a busy weekend ahead, full of fun and hopefully sunshine. please no rain. please."
is watching are you afraid of the dark eps on youtube. submitted for the approval of the midnight society . . .
hopes this week goes off without a hitch.
is holding off on watching a very potter sequel so that she may view it with <propfemale> norton.
has just cleaned  house and done a day of yoga. feels amazing.
"has many things to accomplish, but there is time, so no worries!"
is happy she only has one 10 out of 12 this weekend.
is wishing all a happy left-handers day! woot!
"is exhausted in an accomplished, proud, sort of way. had a blast working with all of ""the women""! will miss you ladies!"
is catching up on the daily show and the colbert report. missed these shows too much.
had a great time watching commedia! it was good times.
"wants everyone on fb to know there is a ""finding nemo: the musical"". and she has been listening to the soundtrack on repeat all day."
is feeling accomplished and tired in the i'm-gonna -pass-out sort of way.
is doing laundry and catching up on homework. yay for saturdays!
is pretty sure trying to sketch a costume rendering in near darkness is not good for her already impaired vision.
has hands that now look like that of a vagrant's.
loves to ride her bicycle while belting out the killers songs at the top of her lungs.
will not be able to get her luggage until thursday. her phone is low on battery so the lines of communication with her are facebook and skype.
had dreams about missing entrances and forgetting lines.
"will be spending a week in gville with <propfemale> norton, and is super excited!"
is just gonna curl up with a nice movie and leave tomorrow for getting the homework done.
is waaaaay ready for fun fourth activities. the fireworks combined take up two chairs and some floor space.
feels utterly betrayed by her voice.
is very happy that first dress went relatively well.
"had a good easter, with some good company."
"has an opening night to rock! break legs, everybody!"
just watched 'the biggest loser' on hulu while eating out of a carton of <propmale> & <propfirst>'s.
"should be doing homework. but, you know, whatever. it's saturday."
is making the money now so that she can chill on the beach later on.
is way more tired than she logically should be.
is currently on the bus to gville. free wifi is rad.
totally got egged riding her bike home. interesting experience.
is disappointed with syfy. no twilight zone marathon for memorial day weekend? really?
"forgot her luggage on the bus. oops. but it's ok. it was mostly empty, and she'll get it back soon."
"is on a 'sister act' music kick. also, is all excited about poetry slams again."
"has feet that are dirty and sore, but successfully played her first game of ultimate frisbee!"
is going to library west to sort out some overdue books. ooops.
just answered the door to christians with her cropped hair and wearing a rainbow heart t-shirt. it's fun watching them tense up a little.
cannot believe how fast the semester went by.
thinks pond's cold cream is awesome.
is reveling in the last days of this crazy semester.
is waiting for the weather to make up it's mind.
just witnessed her roommate spill a cup of dead fruit flies in soap and vinegar all over herself. laughter and yelling commenced.
is cleaning and organizing. will miss all the gator grads!
"sometimes forgets her cell phone is in her ""extra pocket""."
just wants her voice to hold out for one more day!
"had a blast at the cast party, and will soon be in the 561!"
"should be working, but is catching up on 30 rock episodes. procrastination ftw."
"is in gville and plans on seeing some theatre, baby!"
just played dradle with the author of true genius on her kitchen table. college is awesome.
is pretty sure she's close to losing her voice. just gotta get through these next two days - two scenes and some poetry!
"just had a wonderful dinner with tayliz j rodriguez, and can't wait for the women cast party!!!"
"just scared <propfemale> <propmale>. really couldn't resist, the temptation was too great."
"is packing and organizing. off to wpb, beaches, and hopefully a job!"
has the odd urge to just stand outside and get buffeted by the wind.
can't believe she missed a good portion of the svu marathon on usa!
feels it it the best thing in the world to spend some time with her mom. <3
"is home, and it's pretty much awesome."
had a very lovely time visiting the <propfemale>.
is pretty sure that auditions are the one thing that can zap anyone's confidence.
will never binge on ice cream ever again.
is going to play with her roommate's wii at some point. expects on getting some good exercise.
is not looking forward to the trip back up into that which is freezing.
cannot believe the semester has gone by so fast. time to dive into callbacks and rehearsal. bring it.
"hugged a drag <propfemale> at the respectables street block party, amidst punk rockers of all ages. srsly, it was a pretty hip scene."
is very much enjoying the start of her summer.
"wants to go to the beach, but the weather seems to have a different opinion."
wants to hit the beach before the oil does.
is home in the 561. <3
"loves it when awesome, high paying jobs that suit her interests and talents find her instead of the other way around."
recently found a mulan action figure complete with a skirt and armour in her old bedroom. is thinking so many things make sense now.
"is in gainesville for two more days, then will be home in the 561!!!"
loves it when she walks in the house and logo is on the tv. also does not get the appeal of <propfemale>.
is pretty sure pairing <propfirst> burnett and <propfemale> andrews together was genius.
"has her short hair back, huzzah!"
"woke up to the sounds of <propfemale> norton mewling like a cat. so, <propfemale> kountz, our suspicions are confirmed."
has her luggage!!! wooo!
"is back from miami, and could care less about going up or down another staircase for a little while."
"is so very grateful to have such a wonderful father, <propfirst> placido. <3"
"is playing the sims. apparently is really bad at it, too."
is excited to announce she will be playing a boy again. this casting was helped along by the wonders of clear plastic wrap.
"thinks everything is infinitely better if ""hey soul sister"" is playing in the background."
"is in the killing fruit flies business. and baby, business is a-booming."
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% of people won't copy and paste this... they have been eaten by dragons."
is gonna be that crazy cat lady for the week.
really likes wiifit. it's pretty much awesome.
had a wonderful time with <propfemale> lebrun and <propfemale> perez at the beach. is substantially less pale.
"is off to miami to make some money, baby!"
is sending the grapes of wrath cast energy for opening night. break legs everyone!
has the best mother. y'all can't touch <propfemale> <propfemale>!
kinda misses spending each day with the g-star faculty. it was truly a great privilege being part of that big and disfunctional family.
has had one hell of a day. it's like fixing toilets should be tacked onto the list of talents she has.
is finally getting over a head cold. there is much rejoicing.
has running water. it is the color and consistency of coca cola.
is shouting out to all her friends in highschool: need community service hours? want to help tech a show? message me for info!
cooked some awesome lobster tails last night before mom had a <propmale> to massacre them.
was going through old highschool paperwork and found some dfw essays. has been rereading them since.
will be absent from the interwebs for two or three days.
is jumping back in to the rehearsal process. bring it.
"is surrounded by food, friends, and family."
is just realizing how sad she is that monk is no longer on the air.
just figured out she can still do a bunch of childhood tricks in the house she grew up in.
wants to wish <propfemale> norton the bestest birthday ever! (= <3
has been consuming much more hot chocolate since living in gainesville.
really misses her old friend the beach. can we set up a playdate soon?
knows she needs a day of relaxation when she wakes up and discovers she had been sleeping on last nights baby-sitting money.
is only allowed upstairs.
"took advantage of the 7-11 free slurpies. so much so, she went twice with different people in different outfits. *cough* <propfemale> lebrun."
is ready to throw herself into schoolwork. bring it.
is having a slow and lazy weekend. needs to go grocery shopping.
"successfully purchased some nice dresses. look out world, her feminine wiles are being unleashed."
just cooked eggplant parmigiana. satisfyingly stuffed.
thinks love handles are named so for a reason.
refuses to believe the summer is almost over. wants to squeeze a little more time in with the sun.
was drawn on with washable marker - now kinda looks like wolverine during experimentation.
"is back on the series of tubes, and about to take a nap."
"is seriously ditching ""syfy"". no twilight zone marathon on the july 4th weekend? what? that network went in the toilet after it changed it's name."
was just pwnd by one <propfemale> norton.
is having a blast sharing the week (and her room)  with <propfirst> pappas!
is off to miami for a day or two. feeling a little nomadic.
finally saw inception. holy crap. so brilliant.
is safely in miami.
"is back from a nice, long bike ride. is now glistening like a lady."
now has her own character shoes. will be off to miami soon.
"is spending some well needed time in the sun, chillin' at the beach."
"had a fantastic time with her grammy and dad, having lunch with <propfemale> and her mother <propfemale>."
still loves life's little surprises.
agrees with <propmale> the cat. mondays are far too long.
"is up to some shenanigans, and stirring things up. good faculty meeting today, guys."
"found a curious little soccer icon while watching a video on youtube. upon clicking it, the horrible buzzing sound of the world cup vuvuzelas commenced. the lolz of the month officially goes to youtube."
loves playing barefoot touch football. that needs to happen more often.
is enjoying the calm before the proverbial storm that is the start of a new semester.
is still sorting out robbery details. this winter break was weird.
has <propmale> up pictures on her walls. officially lives here now.
is just chillin'.
ate a big onion is that bad?
"had successful beach time with <propfemale> lebrun, and then a nice yoga class."
is happy life is the way it is.
is playing wii fit for the time being. and then maybe more are you afraid of the dark.
is in miami preparing to go dress shopping. hooray for audition attire.
is rediscovering her love of <propfemale> etheridge music.
"feels things coming together. albeit, however slowly and haphazardly."
is questioning why she has to write so many essays.
"is grateful for so many things. now, let us feast to celebrate our abundance!"
got her first ever taste of the jersey shore. what an experience.
helped in making a puppet today. listened to avenue q and little shop of horrors the whole time. felt it was appropriate.
"just played with the google home <propfemale> for a little bit. it was awesome, y'all should check it out."
"kinda wants to follow the lyrics of one <propfemale> lennox: let the rain fall down, let the wind blow through me."
was filmed by a news <propfirst> while stopped on her bike at the <propfirst> lemerand/university light.
needs to buy food. seriously.
is home in wpb and doing homework. responsibility is practically her middle name right now.
loves having two four day weekends in a row.
thinks the only thing better than hearing <propfirst> <propmale>'s voice is hearing it when narrating a video about earthquakes in class.
wahoo!
is cleaning up the partying of last night. i love clean houses.
thinks it's a little scary how easy it was to just konk out the minute she got home.
"sees your canceled classes, and raises you a weekend trip home."
"is celebrating the new year, by proxy."
is mad.
"just got into gainesville. had 79 notifications from <propfemale> norton, <propfemale> kountz, and <propfirst> tomahawk <propfirst>."
received her check for the financial aid monies. there was much rejoicing.
is trying to persuade all of her ducks to get in order.
wore purple. did you?
"has had a wonderful weekend with <propfemale> <propfemale>, while hangin' with <propfemale> baxter and her family. now onto homework."
is never up at this hour. thought it should be noted.
"is really enjoying the cool weather. keep it coming, fall!"
"was slightly nauseous. somehow watching people get slimed on figure it out made that go away. remember when getting slimed was cool? ah, those were the days."
"is going sleep. something clever, etc."
found a website that converts youtube video sounds to mp3s. it. is. awesome.
is shouting out to all her friends: anyone driving back to wpb on the wed. before thanksgiving? will split gas and tolls!
is shouting out to her sotd family: anyone still selling tix to the game on saturday?
is going to <propfemale> this last four day weekend by goofing off . . . and by working tirelessly to complete homework assignments. it'll be a 60/40 split.
"is the solution the the equation rain + bicycle = . that is to say, absolutely drenched."
is almost free. the day of reckoning has come to a close.
just saw 'true grit'. what an awesome film. must see the original.
is 3 for 3. it hasn't really sunk in yet.
is proud to announce that tickets for florida players presents: true genius are now up on the website! reserve them now!
is setting out to conquer. block auditions: you're just asking for it.
is back in the beautiful thank-god-it's-not-freezing west palm.
"is back in the 561. for like two or three days, but still."
is discovering a love for the bbc channel. youtube is pretty awesome.
is in the midst of homework hell.
is back in gville and ready to hit the ground running.
spent the afternoon at the miami science museum. it was pretty rad.
is super serial you guys. come see florida players presents: true genius.
was cast in three shows for next semester. opens one in a week. leaving for the 561 soon. has a great life.
"said goodbye to her first dog this afternoon. misse had her family with her, and went peacefully."
is in a christmas shopping marathon.
"is, after much sleep deprived confusion of directions, home and safe."
will be giving her dog one last walk.
is tiredly repacking and doing laundry. will be gainesville bound soon.
is now the very proud owner of nymphadora tonks' wand. it's so legit. (made possible by the very generous <propfemale> kountz )
had a cold and crazy time partying it up with the uf sotd family. wishes everybody a good break!
"has no running water. being from west palm, this is not a new scenario."
is happy to have such wonderful friends.
is celebrating this holiday with her italian family. this is gonna be fun.
just cleaned the bathroom. hardcore. it is spotless; exempting the ceiling.
"has all a's. suck it, fall semester, you just got pwned."
"is in the middle of a day of paperwork. words, words, and even more words . . ."
is starting this new year off right - by witnessing an entire christmas tree get shoved into a fire pit and lit ablaze.
knows she needs to do paperwork. but knowing is different than doing.
treated herself to the cliche' bowl of ice cream. and subway's free cookie day.
is back in the swing of things.
is wondering why the spring semester always feels like it whizzes by.
