571
9502b982a27b95193cef381f0acbf943
18
-
"god doesn’t give the people you want. he gives you the people you need, to help you, to hurt you, to leave you, to love you, and to make you into the person you were meant to be."
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again. i thought of you today, but that is nothing new. i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too. i think of you in silence, i often speak your name. all i have are memories and a picture in a frame. your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part. god has you in his arms.i have you in my heart - re-post if you love someone in heaven"
"when i was a kid i didn't have an xbox or a wii. i had a bike and a curfew, the street lights. my mom didn't call my cell, she yelled outside, ""time to come in"". i played outside with my friends, not online. if i didn't eat what mom made me, then i didn't eat. hand sanitizer didn't exist, but you could get your mouth washed out with soap. re-post if you drank water out of a hose... and survived!!"
"okay i have places to go, things to do and people to torment so i'll be back to deal with you later..."
i would like to challenge 1 mil people on facebook to send me $1 this month! i don't think you have it in you but you can prove me wrong by sending that dollar
"the commercial says ""when you smile..the world smiles back"" how come when i smile people think i'm up to no good??"
"dear lord, allah, buddha, etc...please <propmale> me the tolerance to deal with stupid people and help hide the bodies of the ones who truly piss me off. amen."
"opportunity tends to knock once, then it's gone...temptation, however, likes to stand there and <propfemale> on the damn doorbell!"
"to my children: i am your friend. i am your mother. i will stalk you, flip out on you, lecture you, drive you insane, be your worst nightmare & hunt you down like a bloodhound when needed because i love you! when you understand that, i will know you are a responsible adult. you will never find anyone who loves, prays, cares and worries about you more than i do!re-post if you are a parent and agree"
"if roses grow in heaven lord, then pick a bunch for me. place them in my dad's arms and tell him they're from me. tell him that i love and miss him, and when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile. happy father's day, dad! i love and miss you!!!!"
i wish i could rewind my life back to the last time i saw you. just one more hug and one more <propmale> to tell you how much i love you. thank you dad.
"i held your hand as you took your last breath, i hope i only made you feel comfort & peace in your journey to become my guardian angel. i love you with all my heart. happy father's day to the best man there ever was or will ever be. i miss you daddy!"
"lord what i'd give just for a glimpse into the heavens...just to see his new body, him walking next to you with no more suffering and pain... i love and miss you daddy!!!"
"a million times i've needed you, a million times i've cried, if love could have saved you, you never would have died."
"dad, i wish heaven had a phone, so i could hear your voice again. i wish heaven had stairs, so i could come and see you and hug you again. love you always. rip."
"my dad, my hero, my guardian angel, my friend. i miss you each and every day and i am sending my love up to you in heaven."
"if i have to put on my big girl panties one more time this week, the elastic is going to snap and i'm really going to have to show my ass!"
"just realized that after sunday, monday, & tuesday, the calendar says w.t.f.! lol. just saying..."
why do i have to go to work again today? i just went yesterday!
word of the day: cranial rectitis: a condition noted by behaving in an obnoxious manner as to have ones head up their ass. far too many people had this today.
"heading to that place that makes me do things for money.like smile at unfriendly people, and hold my breath in awe of stupidity!!"
"when you meet me you think i'm quiet, when you talk to me you wish i was quiet, when you know me you get scared when i'm quiet. :d"
"""on the journey of life, i chose the psychopath."".....hahahaha..and loving every minute of it!"
"some of you are on my friends list as a result of me needing neighbors for games.now you are here, i am glad to count you not only as a good neighbors but as friends. let see who actually pays attention, copy this as your status, just for a minute . i will be watching to see who really does <propfemale> good neighbors...and awesome friends!!! 1?"
"my curfew was lightning bugs/street lights. my parents didn't call my cell, they yelled my name. i played outside with friends, not online. if i didn't eat what mom cooked, then i didn't eat. sanitizer didn't exist, but you could get your mouth washed out with soap. i road a bike without a helmet. getting dirty was ok, and neighbors cared as much as my parents did. re-post if you drank from a garden hose & survived"
"i am always an angel, i just have evil moments!"
says.. i have a big attitude & a quick brain attached to a smart mouth... i'm sure it all spells trouble!
everyone has at least one mentally unstable friend... i just happen to be that friend!!......lol
"has been known to cause dizziness, confusion, heart palpitations, temporary insanity, mood swings, depression, and the giggles. use with caution."
do not walk in front of me because i may not follow. do not walk behind me because i may not lead. just walk beside me and be my friend. <3
listening to guns.n.roses-sweet child o&#39;mine on hypster.com http://soc.li/uxarckj
listening to eminem - love the way you lie ft. rihanna on hypster.com http://soc.li/up9ptsc
"to all my fb family and friends, i pray that you always find happiness <3 <3 <3"
