265
b8565b3da9da49946312ce3a6d1efe86
13
-
feels like death.
is. really. freaking. bored.
being sick sucks.
"i'm at work right now. some old woman came in, said ""i am the gopher"" and walked back out. wtf?"
just joined.
ice cream cake=orgasm.
new headphones kick ass
just burnt my tongue. coffee is hot.
skillet kicks ass.
tireeeeeeeed
is feeling better now. yay.
is eating grapes for dinner :d
is bored.
nice day out.
g'night!
is bored.
is really really really really bored.
holy crap 2 hour delay omg it'z so amazing
whooooooooooooooooot done with my senior project now. :d
whooot :d
has a friggin cold. fml
blah.
is at gettysburg college.
bored as hell. want to go to the movies. has to work.
had another fucking amazing night.
so i got a 30 on the acts. yay.
whooooooooooo finishing my senior project.
time for homework. fml
just had an amazing day.
listening to nirvana
is going to bed. good night.
is sick and it sucks.
want go to to bed. have to go to work.
still feels like shit but nobody gives a fuck.
time for sleep
good night.
whoop!
i'm bored
is bored!
roses are #ff0000 violets are #0000ff all my base are belong to you
so who else absolutely despises their parents?
sorry to everyone for any mean thing i may have done over the years.
is having cereal for dinner at 8:45 whoot.
i hate being pissed off when i have to do something important.
i need to write a resume. joy.
everyone knows i wish i was your derivative so i could lie tangent to your curves. i wish i was your second derivative so i could investigate your concavities. calculus puns for the win!
i'm feeling very lazy.
and yet another boring vacation begins.
holy crap flac sounds amazing.
is a proud leftist socialist.
snowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww :d
it's a torkoal!
so who else thinks that this is wayyyyyyyyy too much snow?
and now i end my excessively late night xd good night :)
stomach ache... mountain dew sucks.
"i love snow, but hate shovelling it. blah."
still bored...
stomach ache... this day just keeps getting worse.
i'm bored as hell.
today sucked ass.
office 2010 beta should match windows 7 nicely.
i hate homework
i'm bored. d=
it's been about an hour since winter break began. i'm bored already. fml.
happy new year :d
packing it in now. good night facebook.
<propfemale> christmas/happy yule everyone.
today was fun. :)
today was the best day i've had in ages.
best day ever.
chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm bored.
got accepted to penn state! whooot!
applying to pitt at the last second. blah.
finally installed windows 7.
note to self: english homework sucks.
finally got his laptop fixed. whoot.
"i find it annoying when people use my computer without asking me first, but i absolutely hate it when they take it places, and then end up leaving it there. way to fucking go dad."
whee :d
so tired.............
night :)
"i hate doing backwork. then again, it's my own damn fault for waiting until the last few days of the semester to do it."
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep!
welcome to the circus of values!
i love how my parents think i'm going to fail at life when i leave home.
so who else loves <propfemale>?
is happy :d
snow? yes! snow! whoooooooooot!
time for sleep.
"i would like to take this time to say ""fml."""
i got a cell phone... finally.
this is sparta!!!
time to go pass out. later.
"in soviet russia, poptarts eat you!"
tired.......... i might go to bed early.
reading for english class is much more enjoyable with a nice cup of coffee.
"if you're a cowboy and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, i bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine."
"please copy and paste this to your status if  you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack  upside the head. people who need a smack upside the head affect the  lives of many. there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a  smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but ...we can  raise awareness. many won't copy and paste this. i did! will you?"
damn i love def leppard.
loans are a pain in the ass.
i am now a proud mother <3
ahhhhh spiders!!! ahem.
so it turns out that loans are an even bigger pain in the ass than i thought.
jeez i'm tired.
ultimate frisbee is fun. :d
god's debris is the biggest mind-fucking book i've ever read. i loved it. :d
"yes, i know it's a week late, but i'm not really married. april fools!"
looks like i'm pregnant again...
bed. :d
i'm hungry.
time for bed. :d
"so today i was listening to ""along came a spider"" by <propfemale> cooper, leaned over to pick up something, and there was a little spider on the floor next to it. funny."
just woke up... 3 hour long naps are nice.
why are there so many acid-trip-esque scenes in old kids' cartoons?
i hate reading shakespeare.
i'm in love with 80s glam metal
why is it that the songs that get stuck in my head are the last ones i hear on the radio that day?
is now officially enrolled to drexel :d
time for some nirvana.
i'm bored.... ac/dc should cure my boredom.
had an awesome day. :)
yay pizza!!
happy ?ostre everyone :d
now i shall transition into slumber. farewell.
finally done with ap tests forever.
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face. people who need apunch in the face affect the lives of many. there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face. but we can raise awareness. 3% of the people who read this won't repost it. they need a punch in the face."
time to make it classy.
it's quite remarkable. school starts in 2 weeks and loans do not cease to be a pain in my ass.
happy litha world!
never again
prom was awesome!!
"graduation today... on one hand i'm excited that my life is moving on, but on the other hand, i'm a bit anxious about what i'll be doing this summer. plus, i'm going to miss all of my friends from high school. this is literally the last time that all of us will be together. wow."
yay i finally have my schedule.
punk rock is awesome.
the game.
hairy legs + band aids = epic fail.
<propfirst> willgoose is probably the best guitar player ever.
sunkist is delicious.
"""something really philosophical"" -<propmale> <propmale>"
"have you played ""the game"" today?"
days left til college begins: 30.
i'm bored!
ugh.... fuck four loko.
tea is quite good.
i hate insomnia........
blah i can't sleep at night... damn internal clock.
looking forward to this week :)
i'm eating breakfast at 5pm. yay for summer.
"""i think you just found out how to make somebody orgasm"" -<propfirst> ehler"
chocolate covered strawberries are delicious.
why is scheduling classes so confusing?
"i have officially decided that heavy metal is the best music genre ever, and i mean real heavy metal, not this new screamo crap."
just hacked itunes. nbd.
college orientation tomorrow :d wh00t!
"hello everyone! thank you for your birthday wishes! i would have gone through and thanked everyone individually, but this is my last day in gettysburg, so i was a teensy bit busy doing all of my packing at the last second ;)"
heading back to philly today!!! hell yeah! :d
i hereby deem doughnuts to be delicious.
"i must say, philadelphia is amazing. yay college :d"
"i feel a fiery itch surrounding my swollen twat, an itch that can only be remedied by three shots of gin and a <propmale> serrated spatula"
bass is invading my soul.
deadmau5 is fucking amazing!
note to self: do not go to knowyourmeme.com in lecture.
<propfemale> syrup.
i'm tired. o.o
i hereby declare college to be awesome.
love you bunches - from anwyn statnick
thing that doesn't make sense of the day: christian death metal.
my music class's only homework is to go to 3 concerts during the term. this is going to be awesome.
going to the ghetto.
"i had the most awesome adventure last night/this morning, but now i'm stuck at home and bored. damn."
it's metal time!!! \m/
<propfemale> falcone
yoga is phenomenal. :)
"the name's tyty. don't wear it out, or i'mma kill you."
drexel is effing awesome.
"""people are the spice of life"" -<propfirst> sevit"
<propfemale>'s is delicious.
back in gettysburg now.
"wow, i'm bored. it's the first time i've been bored since i started school. i love college haha"
not my chair not my problem.
just went pineapple shopping!
going back to philly! hell yeah!
"i'm eating s'mores poptarts. i'm eating myself, and i'm delicious."
errbody knows i'm a mothafuckin monsta
i'm in a tent!
shaft day was great.
just liked all of <propfirst> young's statuses. win.
done with finals! fuck yeah!!
"<propmale> n cheese, chocolate syrup, deadmau5, and dancing with a great friend of mine is the best way to end the night."
my flight to <propfemale> was delayed.
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
metal time!!!!!! concert <propfemale> will be popped in roughly 55 minutes.
note to self: don't drink 2 liters of coke to pull an all nighter.
<propfirst> willgoose is the fucking man!!
ugh.... fucking amnesia.
would anybody like a delicious glass of bassnectar?
"my phone's dead. if anyone needs me, send me a message or write on my wall here."
looks like i'm officially phone-less for who knows how long..
time to get cultured with some sicknasty string ensemble music
happy st. <propfirst>'s day!
two more finals then spring break!
new phone!!  phone number is 717-398-4139
going back to philly!
"i'm really tired,  but @<propmale> stropko's radio show is too good..."
"one 9am co-op class down, 8 to go."
"my physics <propfemale> just used the term ""centrifugal force. "" fail."
"my business 103 class in a nutshell: no exams, no homework, 2 movies in class, and 3 days at the rock wall. i'm in love."
"arrgh, i be slaying them scurvy wenches!"
80 degrees today whaaaat?
bought a longboard!!
fuck this rain in the ass with 30 grit abrasive sandpaper.
weather's awesome
"just got done watching ""a serbian film. "" shit is soooo fucked up."
symphony x time!!!!
powerglove is fucking amazing!!
late night longboarding in the rain is awesome
"like my status and i'll tell you:1. how we met.2. my first impression of you.3. what i like most about you.4. favorite memory with you.but if you like this you must put it as your status."
being smothered by the fine folks of philadelphia while watching acrobats set shit on fire
field trip!!!!!!!!!
tryina rapture anyone?
just saw <propfemale> claus
going back to gettysburg for the weekend.
i've been on cracked.com for roughly 15 hours today. going home is possibly the most boring thing ever.
peace out gettysburg.
how did i end up sleeping in until 4 in the afternoon?
"math final down, psych and physics to go..."
"peace drexel, it's been a goodass year. i'm gonna miss it this summer."
just slept 17 and a half hours straight.
making some mothafuckin dubstep!
flux pavilion and dr p tonight!
