30
9138a4af7fa7a5c5bf363d867ff6c56c
19
-
"- days go by i'm hypnotized, i'm walking on a wire, i close my eyes and fly out of my mind, into the fire, light the sky and hold on tight, the world is burning down."
"had me some crocodile ribs last night. was gooooood, sorta like chicken with white dodgy bones."
"is wondering what illiterate idiots write these quizzes? learn to spell, you vapid, empty-minded hussies!"
is going in search of whatever today's poison will be...
"can already see friday in yonder distance, and it's going to be one hell of a party! all responsible/clever friends please have a lot of rest this week, as there shall be no rest for us wicked then..."
wants to take a huggy cab to snuggle bunnyville!
"works hard for the money, so hard for it, <propfemale>..."
"hast keine interesse in heutes tag. gibst mir heutes abend, bitte."
is a mindless virus-ridden zombie. i should not have come to work today...
grumble <propfemale> is grumbling... and sniffly coughy sneezing.
"has done her favourite thing in the whole wide world today - sent invoices. now pay me, bitches!"
"really enjoyed coal, a new ct band. i recommend. was awesome!"
is geared for a big one...
"just went for a little stroll on what is turning out to be another wonderful day, in a wonderful place."
would love for this horrid day to just bugger off.
<propfemale> vir kwaadgeld rond...
"when i go walking i strut my stuff, and i'm so strung out. i'm high as a kite, i just might, stop to check you out. let me go on, like a blister in the sun..."
is going to the soldout vanfokkingtasties gig in stellenbosch tonight.
could do with a nap. and some hot chocolate. and popcorn. and a snuggle. gotta love sundays.
"is having a soup evening tonight and forgot to invite people, as well as who i did invite. give me a shout if you're heading my way. :)"
"et j'ai pardonné et j'ai fermé <propmale> yeux, j'ai appris à rever, et j'ai pardonné et j'ai fermé <propmale> yeux sur <propfemale> réalité - kyo, pardonne."
"is too cool for school. which is a good thing, too, as i'm waaaay to old for it as well..."
is tired and useless at work due to an extremely awesome bday weekend. :d
is a chirpy <propfemale>.
"wonders if she should wait for the rain to stop, or just head back to her place now... hmm..."
is finishing off another freelance job well done. money!
"needs the deadlines to go away now. cramping my style, fellas..."
is off to go see flat <propmale>!
is blessed to live a life like this. :)
"ice-age heat wave, can't complain. if the world's at large, why should i remain? walked away to another plan. gonna find another place, maybe one i can stand. i move on to another day, to a whole new town with a whole new way."
- it's friday! time to put on my drinking cap. :d
calm blue ocean... calm blue ocean... calm blue ocean. calm blue ocean.
thinks <propfemale> on monday and tuesday nights is just a bad idea.
"thinks there's no green more beautiful than that of new oak leaves in spring, especially in the early morning sun. :)"
would like to get out of the freaking coccoon now. i'm butterfly enough. let me go!
has a awesome weekend ahead!
just wants  to fall asleep again. please?
"years go by, will i still be waiting for somebody else to understand, years go by, if i'm stripped of my beauty and the orange clouds raining in my head. years go by, will i choke on my tears, until finally there is nothing left. one more casualty. you know we're too easy easy easy."
notices that fridaynight is looming... suit up!
"wonders if she'll ever get back the sleep she's missed. no regrets, though. life rocks!"
will be going to ratanga soon....
has plans to find sleepies some time today... zzzzzzzzz...
- weaselling out of things is what seperates us from the animals.... except the weasel.
has got her killers ticket. oh yeah!
"would like to thank everyone, especially bad influence girl (<propfemale>), for a incredibly fun party, and a wonderful birthday. you guys... aww, you guys... :)"
"just saw the reader. wow... i forget that films can be that beautiful, insightful, touching etc."
thinks the <propmale> brothers are actually quite hideous... blech... what is wrong with kids today?
loves it when medical bills hit you in the stomach first thing in the morning. oh god...
"stood up for love, despite of the hate."
is having drinks at beluga today. join me for a round of celebrations!
"and i will never see the sky the same way, and i will learn to say good-bye to yesterday, and i will never cease to fly, if held down, and i will always reach too high, 'cause i have seen twilight..."
"- yawn. seriously. yawn. day, do something, anything. amuse me!"
is worried to hear that the swine flu has been spreading like wildfire in stellenbosch.
"- i've got soul, but i'm not a soldier."
"- ek soek pille vir kersfees, vir my gekerfde senuwees. niks wat 'n tydjie by die see nie kan genees."
guesses opportunity comes round when you're open to it! :d
"- guys, be careful of the n2. traffic cops have apparently gone fine-happy. you know, if our regular police force were this obsessive and scary, maybe the country's crime would go down..."
will be prepping for the weekend as of today. packet of essentiales? check. thundercats costume? uhm... almost check. sassiness? check. more wine that any one person should consume? check. awesome weather? check. can of red paint and a brush? check. wonderful company? double check. <3
has high hopes today will change everything...
- today's the day... ;)
thinks circumstances are perfect for a chilled night of soup and wine. :)
"hey, my love, you came to me like wine comes to this mouth, grown tired of water all the time. you quench my heart and you quench my mind."
"is wondering who's sending her mms's of boobies... i mean, flattered, but not my thing...? uhmm... awkward..."
needs something awesome to do tonight. any suggestions?
- too many mutha uckas uckin' with my shi- with my shi- how many mutha uckas? too many to count
and now we play the waiting game... :)
"- vriende, medesterwendes,          moenie huiwer nie; nou <propfemale> die lewe          nog soos vlees om ons lywe          maar die dood beskaam nie;          ons kom en ons gaan         is soos water uit die kraan; so         soos klanke uit die mond         soos ons kom en ons gaan:          ons béne <propmale> die vryheid kén..."
oh god... more lemmings!
"is dealing with deep philosophical questions today... ""why am i here? what drove me to this madness? what will i have for lunch? should i stay until 4, or rather come back at 4 for those drinks? will anyone notice if i just bugger off?"""
"had a freaking awesome, epic weekend. wow. just wow..."
is plotting her halloween costume... 3-4 parties... gonna have to be intense.
needs a serious holiday. or maybe a silly one...
"is in need of sleep. oh, and cape town rocks rocked my socks off. :)"
"""it's nothing more, it's nothing less, it'sall we got, it's happiness..."" :)"
"is oding on coffee... and it's awesome... the colours, children, the colours..."
"'s weekend commences now. party on, dawgs. party on."
"- i want so badly to believe that ""there is truth, that love is real"". and i want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd. (<propmale> gable, postal service)"
... purrrr.... painmeds... purrr....
is at work... working... yeah...
"will be starting her new job on the 16th of november, '09. lol, try to raise my salary by only 6.5% and this is what you get. seriously, guys, recession or not, there are good jobs out there for good hard-working types. :)"
thinks she's gonna become a musical festival gypsy for the summer... thank ya'll for rocking those daisies with me this past weekend!
- thunder... thunder... thundercats! ho!
might have started the weekend a little early...
- the best things in life are free. but you can give them to the birds and bees. i want money!
"- why hello there, weekend... come here often? fancy a drink? ;)"
"finally went back to the gym, and it was good. :)"
<3's her life. just so you know. it rocks! :d
needs a nap. and a shotgun.
is living a life less ordinary.
- snowbite vants to suck your bvlood...
knows it's been one of those weekends when there's a thousand new pics of her tagged... now to assess the damage...
"- and i quote: ""hangovers - the bastard children of awesomeness."""
is heading for some good times. ;)
wants to go home and cuddle through a movie. :)
"is going to watch the awesome band coal and her evil twin, <propfemale> beckman, play at mercury tonight. who will join me?"
": calm blue ocean. calm blue ocean. calm blue ocean... ag, screw it. hand me something blunt and heavy."
"no. no flu. no. no, no, no, no! no!"
"- hahaha, guess who's going home now, suckers! *glee*"
"now <propfemale>, don't you go to sleep. it's such a bitter form of refuge. don't you know the kingdom's under siege, and everybody needs you. is there still magic in the midnight sun or did you leave it back in sixty-one, in the cadence of the young man's eyes, and where the dreams roll high."
"- so this very wise person told me last night: ""blondes are for boys. brunettes are for men."" teehee..."
:p
is soaked in <propfemale> cappuchino and smelling of coffee. nice one.
"""don't try to find the answer, when there ain't no question here. brother let your heart be wounded, and give no mercy to your fear."" live - run to the water"
"- ha, out of work. going home to nap."
"come near, that no more blinded by man's fate, i find under the boughs of love and hate, in all poor foolish things that live a day, eternal beauty wandering on her way - ""to the <propfemale> upon the rood of time""                     by <propfirst> butler yeats                     (1865-1939)"
is trying to do as little as possible.
just saw a patch of blue sky! can the constant rain be over?? can there be summer again? have i just horribly over-dressed for the day??
"- happy whatever tomorrow is, all. i'm off!"
"thinks it's a beautiful day to go rock my socks off at the daisies. going to be wild, so pack your essentiales!"
is super excited about synergy live this weekend!
really needs to improve her sleeping habits. zombie attack imminent...
will be buying her ramfest tickets saturday. awesomeness!
hasn't even started her weekend and already needs a red bull...
- brain says no.
"is this what you want? 'cause everybody acts without a clue. every little kiss and grin you gave, was just a little bullshit i saw through. the alcohol is scented with your breath. you're always all done up to just be used. i'm waiting for excuses that deceive. i'll meet you in the back to see them through. - angels and airwaves: ""it hurts."""
"will be trying every ruse possible to sneak out of the office before 4pm. don't be surprised if i ""discover"" the next plague... any other suggestions?"
"is looking forward to seeing coal play later tonight at waiting room in a semi-unplugged gig. wouldn't miss it for the world, so give me a shout if you're keen to join. :)"
"is seeing to her last day at new media publishing. to my colleagues: thank you so much for being awesome people all round. it's been a wonderful experience. anyone who's keen, join me at fiesta after work for some happy hour cocktails!"
is going to miss working next door to beluga... no more liquid lunches...
's got soul but she's not a soldier...
"- ok, best weekend ever!"
"- ok day, amuse me! pronto!"
"just heard facebook, twitter and youtube want to join forces to become one site. it will be called: youtwitface. :p"
forgot her phone. mail me. :)
"is showing her face at work. look, look, look how productive and dedicated i am! definitely a candidate for raises, promotions and other forms of corporate love. yes?"
<propmale>...
"can already see it all end in tears, but it'll be fun while it lasts... :)"
has plans to go home and curl up in a non-responsive ball of lack-of-zzz's grumpiness.
"- pay my respects to grace and virtue, send my condolences to good. give my regards to soul and romance. they always did the best they could. and so long to devotion, you taught me everything i know. wave goodbye, wish me well. you've gotta let me go. - killers: human"
"- woman down! the flu, it has me! need a cure by tonight... :("
is trying to hold onto wakefulness for dear life. can someone please tell me why the hell we had to wait over 3 hours to leave the parking lot after the killers. very unprofessional.
... ok... now i've run out of things to procrastinate with... damn...
"""oh these little earthquakes, here we go again. these little earthquakes... doesn't take much to rip us into pieces..."" <propfemale> amos: little earthquakes"
loves walking to work. :)
hates all the goodbyes...
...over...
"- it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts... (i refer of course to my stupid head...)"
"will be partying in the park with the dirty skirts today, with drinks at brandhouse, courtesy of the lovely and awesome <propfirst>!"
has delicious plans for tonight...
"no colours anymore, i want them to turn black."
"- a girl disappearing, to some secret prison, behind her eyes she whispers, ""big surprise there was no protection by this urban light. so i'm running to a constellation where they can still see you"" <propfemale> amos: girl disappearing"
"and there'll be singing, and dancing and grooving through the night... decodance, anyone? i am assembling a team. :)"
"wants to crawl back into the dark snuggly hole whence she came, maybe with a snuggle <propmale>."
"is redetoxing. xmas and its seductive gammons and leg of lambs and puddings and... *drool...* uhm... well, it won't tempt me anymore until at least next year! :)"
still beige.
is heading home with severe flu-like symptoms.
"will be a mindless zombie for today, doing nothing of consequence, except maybe fixing a flamingo's neck..."
beige
"guesses sometimes everything important just likes changing in one day. and trust me, it's waaaay better than a holiday."
"- oh you are in my blood like holy wine, and you taste so bitter but you taste so sweet, oh i could drink a case of you, i could drink a case of you darling and still i'd be on my feet."
is considering playing dead until it all goes away.
"- no... no, no, no, no..."
is going over to the lighter side...
is too tired for this...
"would probably be much chirpier if she could fall asleep at night. yeah, that could work."
is starting to understand why girls go blonde...
"is travelling back in time, checking yall's statusses."
england... and loving it!
"is without phone, fyi, so i guess sending me msgs on fb is your best bet for reaching me. :)"
"- grrrraaa, deadlines, grrraaa. i crush you with my hitting-stick! >:d"
- i did the macarena with a football player in my car because i can't control myself!
is incredibly excited by the amazing programme at the stellenbosch wordfest this year! and knackered from designing it...
"goodbye, january. die, bitch, die!"
"- some rest, some rest! my kingdom for some rest!"
would kill for some soup... and then hide the evidence by cooking more soup. delicious delicious soup...
"is being kept upright by a cocktail of berocca, espresso and black coffee. ah, jan-deadlines, gotta love 'em or pass-out trying."
doesn't like her current head and heartspace...
- great weekend. :)
"omg, fb chat, why must you mock me? and make my perfectly good pc so slooooow? why? why??! all i want is to chat to my friends... :("
"dearest momemtum health, and especially multiply benefits, thank you so much for stealing my money for 3 months after i quit your shoddy, incomplete health cover. really, you do this country proud."
"- oh dear, tuesdaynight... oh dear..."
"- daisies, daisies, give me your answer, do. i'm half crazy, all from the thought of you... <3"
could sleep for a week after this weekend. :)
is sure that if i stand outside long enough the wind will lift me up and blow me to an amazing adventure.
"is op 'n ""plane"" na pretoria. :d"
forgot her freaking phone in somerset-west... eish...
"""ooh, these little earthquakes. here we go again. these little earthquakes... doesn't take much to rip us into pieces."" <propfemale> <propmale> - little earthquakes"
"is nie 'n bottomless beursie nie... seriously, this country sucks the pity out of me."
"""i'm powerless to change your world. i'm powerless to stop the hurt. i'm trying hard to be your tower of strength. i'm trying hard to bring you back to joy. but i'll give you my heart, give you my shoulder."" - <propfemale> <propfemale>"
"bought plasters, painpills, dettol, a needle and thread and essentiales. now i'm prepared for the weekend."
thinks it's about time for another dress-up party... now to make up a event...
- ok... right... let's do this... rrrraaaaaaammmmffffeeeeest!!!!
"- ""as jou tuiste is waar jou hart is, wat wil <propfirst> hier uitbreek uit my borskas uit? geneties gelaai om te ontsnap..."" heuwels fantasties"
nice weekend... :)
is bringing bad influence girl out of retirement. fire up the <propfemale> mobile.
"is incredibly grateful to have such wonderful friends in her life, to do a job that she loves, for the talents she was given, for the incredible opportunities, for all the challenges overcome and for all the lessons she has learnt. life may not be easy, but it is never dull."
"- grumble <propfemale>... grumble, grumble, grumble..."
"- ""die onoorspronklikheid, nes afgeleide selfverwyt, het ek myself hier uit, uit hierdie storie uitgeskryf."" heuwels fantasties, ""leja"""
"does not actually care who looks at her profile... if you're on my friend's list, and i haven't made special arrangements to sensor you (which seriously takes too much time), then you can see what i decide to post and what i get up to. these applications and pages that show you who views your profile is silly and kind of... i don't know, insulting?"
is talkin' bout a revolution...
"omg! can life get better than this?? beluga is opening a sister restaurant, blonde, walking distance from my flat. must have missed me. :d"
will soon be free... lol... for about a week... in which my biggest freelance job is happening... uhm... i have a problem...
"who has seen your profile most? is a scam (spamming and actually not true as the person i got my tag from was someone i rarely ""look"" at) and damnded annoying. for heaven, hell, jebus and whatever else's sake, have you not read my prev status. get over it, ppl, some ppl care about you, most don't. i am reporting."
"- new week, new life. :)"
"- pour me a guiness there, gov!"
yay! freelance moola! awesomeness!
- people with impossible expectations should expect a shoddy job.
would like to remind/inform everyone that it is st. <propfirst>'s day tomorrow and that they should expect to see her act accordingly somewhere in town. i respect and celebrate all cool cultures. guiness!
"listening to kyo. gods, french rock can be awesome. :)"
suuuuuuuuushi!!
"""daisies, daisies, give me your answers, do... i'm half crazy, what with the thought of going to you..."" hope to see ya'll!"
"- lol, silly lemmings..."
"needs 50 cc's of coffee, stat! i need a medic! medic!?"
"will be escaping from monkey island, come hell or high water.."
thinks it's high time she has another soup evening...
:)
"- ""if you can't say nuthin nice, don't say nuthin at all..."""
"guesses part of feeling more ""connected"" has to do plugging the damn plug in..."
"- human survival instinct  ensure we remember the bad (so it doesn't happen again) whilst memories  of good times fade and get idealised, often becoming a impossible  reality that never was. our instinct is to crave what we don't have, to  push toward a 'ideal' state. because of this we human-animals are rarely  happy. the ...only thing that seperates us from animals is that we can decide against our programming."
"temper trap -  ""sweet disposition"""
- happy times ahead. :)
"- ""jy het nie 'n graad nie, en jy het nie 'n kredietkaart nodig nie, om in die agterplaas soos 'n kind te baljaar en die verte in <propfirst> 'n krans af te staar."" we don't have to constantly push ourselves to the next high. sometimes the simple things in life are where you find true joy. have a good weekend, guys!"
thinks being a adult sucks. someone get me a <propfemale> already. i'll pay. preferably in booze or hugs.
is enjoying designing directly for appreciating clients. :)
"just booked her flight for the netherlands! i will be there from the 8th of may until the 22nd of may. give me a shout, you lovely people over there, if you want to have me invade your personal space."
"sees your trying to block her facebook access, and raises with ""try these proxies, losers."" <propfemale> la resitance!"
"- cliche but true: when times are tough, friends are few... well, when the going gets tough, i get going. :)"
"- ""klommen niet de jongens als katten in 't want; en vochten ze niet als leeuwen?  ze maakten de spanjers duchtig te schand' tot in spanje klonk hun schreeuwen!"""
is sneaking off to enjoy old beautiful memories of this place on her last day in the netherlands... :)
1 hour hot stone massage coming on up!
damn skippy... to hell! >:d
"would like a job that's not obsessed with everything she does on her pc. a too bit 1984, seriously.."
regrets nuthin' or no how!
is planning to ecape from monkey island.
- it's drinking time!
"is having a good old rest, sicking it out. :)"
"ooo..kaay, eee..tv.. :p"
"""...if your heart is nowhere in it i don't want it for a minute. babe, i'll walk the seven seas when i believe that there's a reason..."" - <propfemale> bareilles"
god verdomme...
just heard a english kknk ad. it was weird. just werid... twilight zone-ish...
"seems to have forgotten how to sleep in... damnit. but it's a stunning morning to be awake, though. :)"
is a sleepy <propfemale>...
wants to be a interior designer. they get all these events with free pink drinks and snackies. free pink drinks!!
"kill <propfemale> - ""escape artistry"""
"can see the next big mofo mountain to climb/mission. pretty steep, but nice horizon..."
"- you are entering the vicinity of an area adjacent to a location. the  kind of place where there might be a monster, or some kind of weird  mirror. these are just examples; it could also be something much better.  prepare to enter: the scary door."
... drum roll...
"omg, is that a volcano smoking on my backyard? 0.0"
"- new home, new job.."
"""... i saw the ending when they turned the <propfemale>... out here the good girls die..."""
"is not going to africa burns anymore this weekend. give me a shout if you want to do something, although i'm just going to take things very very easy. :)"
is back in the mothership! eagle has landed! super tired!
just wants to sleep.
"is, more than anything, today so happy that her wonderful, supportive professor, mentor and study leader, professor <propfirst> dietrich, is doing better after his big operation and long physical therapy. my heart goes out to you and your family, and i am just happy they caught the problem in time."
", <propfemale>,  jy wou mos"
- i mock you with my monkey pants. ;p
http://addmax.co.za/downloads/doc_details/9-rabobi-theme-song.html
"... not that i'm wishing my time on this planet away (officially) but jeesh, this is one hell of a slow day!"
is evaluating future student portfolios. some awesome. some..
"leigh-robin invasion!!!! leigh-robin invasion! hide your corruptable minds, the little <propfemale> is attacking!!!! :d"
- dying your hair kills braincells. true story.
is escaping from monkey island today...
guesses it was her turn to experience the crime and shit-happens wave. anyone want to help me get a new nationality?
storm...
can't seem to wake up and get a move on...
"- ""it's funny, because it's true."" or ""i regrets nuthin or know-how!"""
"- the only play happening on field is the brilliant acting by the weak spanish. play the ball, not the man, you wusses."
meh... i say meh. m. e. h.
- the bird is the word.
"- for those who see me often, i'll be having going away drinks at carlyles tomorrow evening after 7:30. the rest of ya, see you guys after my trip to the netherlands. dooi!"
to all my fellow <propmale> students: what wood does one use for woodcut printing? have this picture in my head that needs to happen. please help.
<3. do with it what you want. ;)
"has a über-mc-awesome new laptop. now to get back to giving hell, making money and designing!"
is asking that you guys start doing that 2nd volcano dance... ;)
- let it rain... ash!
"to hell with bafana's best game ever. my sister is engaged to the best bro-in-law ever! congrats, you beautiful people!!"
"is heading south for the winter. yes, i know, technically wrong way... home, though. :)"
emo... lawl...
is really bad at doing nothing...
is pirating like a little pirate... monster... full of piraty powers... yes... that one. yarrrr!
"cate nash - ""foundations"""
"- blondes don't have more fun. they get bought more drinks, leading to more fun..."
"arcade fire - ""windowsill"""
"- so work blocked facebook, as well as the url for the google search for its satelite sites... what are those satelite sites again...? ;)"
omfg.. i am moving to jo'burg.. academics it is.
<3
"- ik wil <propfemale> na nederland vliegen, alstublieft? nach amsterdam, leiden, den haag en mijn geliefde utrecht vliegen! zie jullie alle maal saterdag! :d"
"hup hup, holland!"
- game on!
"hears a vuvuzela in the mists... of the northern suburbs, no less..."
is considering going back to the dark side... they have cookies. being blonde is over-rated.
"is now minus a laptop, 2 x external harddrives, a spare phone and a front door. brilliant."
feels <3-ed. :)
is wearing orange for the rest of the world cup. oranje boven!
"die heuwels fantasties - ""sonrotse"" (altyd)"
vamonos!
<3 happy efteling day! happy lady gaga <propfemale>! <propfemale> antwerpen morning! it's christa-mas! yayz!!! <3
just realised this is her first real holiday since finishing her masters. that's 3 years worth of holiday. lieber gott!
"will be giving a talk on her doccie, tales of the cape dutch song, today at 18:30-19:15 in the bibit theatre at the tong-tong dutch/indonesian festival at the malieveld, the hague, netherlands. crap..."
"- mr flu bug, i am not amused."
"- you can wake the dreamer out of the the dream, but it'll be a cold day in hell before you take the dream out of the dreamer."
"- hup, hup, holland! oranje boven!"
"deutschland über alles, heute. maar oranje boven!! de kaap wordt weer hollands!"
is back in jozi. :)
anyone got a last-minute left over ticket for the loeries? will love you long time?
"... car engine seized, dead, dead, dead car... laringitis... uhm... but none of this matters, because lr's coming home, because all my friends are awesome, and because i am going to rest so hard i'll be better by saturday!"
sees some potentially hectic changes ahead.. exciting and scary!
"- sanity, i must avenge thee!"
- last day!
"thinks we should live more, with less deadlines for all the things we want to be and try to do. it is, after all, merely a dead line."
i had a cocktail and sushi lunch. made me miss beluga. happy days... :)
"is lucky to have these amazing ppl in her life. (<propfirst> your shoulder now, you're on the list.) :d"
"- intelligence and talent's got nothing on experience. the knowledge you can do something far outweighs the potential. so, get a move on."
my gps is hellspawn.
... hehehe... good to be back on the dark side...
would like some peace of mind... :)
"will be having some paul-flavoured calamari soon.. orange or nothing, stupid seekat!"
damn jagerbombs...
says screw it. i know where i'm going. :)
- interview nr 2 and 3 went well!
doesn't want to leave witsand. chilling to the maxtreme!
has a new favourite film: an education.
will soon mortal kombat! all shall know the wrath of kitana..
- plaas my in 'n boks en merk dit veilig! :p
"yay to insane n2 traffic. i bask in the power of the economy, holding me back from doing my job."
"is planning on surviving the epic, drunken, new trip home. lol, ct's heading the gourmet food & wine parade."
- your happiness makes me happy. :)
is heading for interview nr.1. :)
"damnit... starting the 1st of november, and haven't packed! eeep..."
"has resigned the jorrrb, and found a general direction."
"wants to do a 20's party, puff slim ciggies and speak about things like ""moider, dahling..."""
wishes her car would stop breaking.
"muchos gracias to my senoritas, <propfemale> saville, <propfemale> sinclair and <propmale> raubenheimer for some goooood chill vibes and musics last night. friday we show the world how uber zef we can be, joined by ms awesome, <propfemale> steyn. :)"
"""and i would do anything for love... but i won't do that..."""
"will be having goodbye drinks at carlyles wedenesday. ya'll welcome to come wish me well in my exodus out of my favourite city, all in the quest for adventure and... uhm... money..."
"""god put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. right now i am so far behind that i will never die."" - <propmale> & hobbes"
"loves being reminded what design should be about ala <propmale> brody. ""you adobe kids, get off my lawn!"""
"- tape, hiss & <propfemale> tonight (tuesday) @ waiting room. :d"
- up and at'em!
lol... reading the whining about the heat cape town side whilst listening to the rain and thunder in jozi.
"will be starting her career as a lecturer for university of johannesburg the end of 2010. scary thought, me being freed onto the youth..."
"tape, hiss and <propfemale> @ waiting room wednesday <propfemale>! yes, please! :)"
loved seeing some of her old friends at new media today. :)
"day of ohrwurms (earworms/songs that get stuck in your head). started with ""i put my hand down on your hip"", ended with bear necessities."
"i want a roomba, and i will freaking get a roomba!"
t-minus 14 days before i visit home again. :)
"is missing her friends, cape town and her family..."
doesn't want to leave all these awesome people in her life... anyone want to move to jo'burg with me?
oh dear... i need to figure this out.
... lazy... no admin... gods... no more admin... :(
really should've booked her flight for yesterday instead of wednesday...
blah. time to drink!
remembers once bullshitting her way through a primary school oral claiming that it was wintery and rainy up north during summer in the south. i see that i was mistaken about that being bullshit. jozi's all winter!
"good lord, i'm lazy..."
"sending corporate into its moer was most definitely one of the best decisions of 2010. good riddance, dirty whore."
ouch. a student that passed the grade for our design course just told us she's going to study marketing instead as the salaries are much higher. can't argue with that... and kinda wished i'd thought of that...
is flying home. longstreet tonight!
"<propfemale> christmas and all things awesome, you lovely people!"
is so back in ct. going to a drag show tonight.
"wishes y'all a amazing 2011, full of honest love, good friendship, real fun and happiness. thanks for sticking by me through a tough 2010!"
u2 was awesome! :)
"ich weisse nicht wohin ich gehen, aber nur jetzt ist es ganz gut. :)"
1st class contact with students.. thank god they are mature and know the deal better than i do. :)
1st contact with jozi's crime. yay. thank god everyone's ok and it happened next door.
"my beloved stellenbosch woordfees won favourite festival at the kyknet fiestas! don't miss it 4-13 march, 2011. c u there!"
"ugh, i knew this landlady would be annoying. feels like i'm living next to my great gran.."
"hopes it's the wind, but my dreams have been very scary of late."
<3 coffee
"sunshine, lolly pops and rainbows."
"crazy nut, wacked in the head, neurotic, obsessive landlady - i haz its..."
lol.. accidentally saving my sis's job with a errant data bundle.. priceless..
off to be design-indaba inspired again! :)
"my students' excitement is infectious! this will be a awesome project. watch this space, jozi, big parties ahead. :)"
"ok, maybe i should stop replying to rental ads for today... already sent out more than 10, gotten replies. cheaper than the current place and more private."
found a new home. :)
"just got to see a premiere of sa movie ""paradise stop"", the new dramady by the people that did ""white wedding"". hilarious. go watch it!"
"flying home for the stellenbosch woordfees this weekend!! anyone that wants to join up with me there, give me a shout."
"it's the weekend, baby! for me, anyways... :p"
home... so wonderful... :)
"muhahaha, due to the kings of <propfirst> date changes we are now upgraded to the formerly sold-out <propfemale> circle!"
"thanks to the woordfees and my family for an awesome weekend! cape town, be warned, i invade in 2 weeks time. hide your sons (over 25), and tell your daughters to put some freaking clothes on."
stupid flu-like symptoms... cease and desist!
if 8am classes were banned my life would be almost perfect.
"jeesh, cape town, no need to burn down before i get there..."
"saw some truly inspirational design today. bit worried about the branding part, though..."
99.5% moved out of the harpy nest hellhole!
"fokofpolisiekar in cool runnings, fourways! good times!"
"mission for the week: sober up, sleep enough, eat healthy. because for the coming 2 weeks there'll be none of that in cape town..."
"today i am tired, delusional and my soul is singing with joy. i am coming home."
"that's it, folks. it's holiday time! jozi-peeps, see ya'll in 2 weeks. ct, see ya'll for 2 weeks."
"all i wanna do, is have some fun. and i've got a feeling i'm not the only one! :d"
purrrrrr....
soet slaap sonder sonde vanaand...
"some <propfirst> and lime, tape hiss and <propfemale> tunes, the waiting room, and some awesome friends. yep, this is the life... :)"
amazing holiday! i should have more of these...
mercury! i am home.
"magie vol, ogies toe... :)"
design deadline! nice to get back to my roots. :)
suuuuuuushi! cocktails! then hi @ a braai!! any live music i can fit in somewhere? only way wednesday <propfemale> could be cooler...
wine tour!
"thank you, <propfirst> geldenhuys, for a awesome wine tour, thank you <propfemale> jansen <propfirst> nieuwenhuizen, for a amazing supper. what a freaking party!"
"carlyle's, icu, roar,fez. rock on!"
houtbaai calamari. yum.
"thanks for a great one, cape town peeps! see you in 2 weeks."
lordy... think i forgot my brain at home today...
eish... long day...
"""we're asking for too much i guess, cause all we get is... dead disco, dead funk, dead rock and roll. remodel - everything has been done. la la la la la la la la la la."" - metric, dead disco."
note to self: no more drinking on school nights...
i will not be leaving this bed today if i can help it. so cosy!
"my heart will always be in cape town, my team will always be western province and my first home will always be durbanville. but i am starting to feel at home in jozi. :)"
"oh monday, why you gotta be so mean?"
die heuwels is en was fantasties. :)
cape town! <3
99 red balloons.
"i sense a hectic party of magnitude 1000 000 heading my way, gently but certainly. africa burns, soon..."
"web design experimenting, again. starting to enjoy this... sort of..."
looking for a lift for a friend for friday to africa burns. message me. :)
"the time has come to stoke the fire and thunder of valhalla at africa burns... valhalla, your valkyrie approaches, bearing ambrosia for all."
what more can i say about afrikaburn than epic!
flu-bunny... ugh...
"today my btechs, even the supposed or imagined 'bad' groups rocked my world with their innovative, creative and truly gorgeous game designs! can actually not wait to see the final products!"
zombie teacher is zombie-ing...
"gelukkige moedersdag aan my moeder, <propfemale> <propfirst> zyl!"
i wish the flu didn't make me such a mean person...
"""even if your hope has burned with time, anything thats dead shall be regrown, and your vicious pain, your warning sign, you will be fine."" - the adventure, angels and airwaves."
the sky is attacking my house..
"i know it's bad, but every time i see a article about the japan nuclear powerplant, especially another leak into the ocean, i think this is the start of godzilla..."
"i'm tired, it's been rough, but i love this job."
sleepy-naptime-stay-in-anti-social-cosy-snuggle-deliciousness... purrrr....
"roxette, baby!"
she's got the look.. of someone who's going to kick @<propfemale> marais out of the feathers so she can go vote.. up and at 'em!
did i miss the smiting and kidnapping of the supposed righteous?
got a mirror held up to my ugly side. ah well. i knew it was there.
"that's me in the corner, losing my religion."
a defeatist attitude is shooting yourself in the foot before going to war - a bad idea and only hurting yourself.
"home. now. please. real home, with my life, friends, family, flat mountain, bunnies and <propfemale> in the yard. please?"
i had plans for today before the powercut. ah well.
your bureacrazy amuses me. proceed. :) (ps in the real world you can't survive)
choice between insight=perspective=growth versus automatic go to hell. time to grow up and wing it.
every spark of friendship and love will die without a home.
"hey, open wide here comes original sin. it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright. no one's got it all. power to the people. we don't want it. we want pleasure."
"haz car, will travel, party, shop etc again. finally. :d"
"i fought the war but the war won't stop, for the love of god! i fought the war but the war won... metric - ""monster hospital"""
