27
077243dfd4750094bde7eb01e5cfcb42
32
-
is totally dissapointed had money on a knockout in round 3
so over summer already i dislike mowing lawns and wish they would invent a self mowing lawn
so over not working
wtf xt down yet again
need texas holdem buddies
needs 10k of poker chips
is thinking of growing his hair and doing a slash
when i want to let people know what i am up to i tweet. in all other cases. facebook it is
games are a welcome distration
never a doubt
mmm magnum gold
"reminder - to my   non-game-playing friends: i   play games that may generate a lot of  posts.  this can be irritating if   you don't play. if you don't want to  see  these, move your cursor over   the game message and the word  ""hide"" will  appear. click on ""hide"" for   the game name - and not me!  future messages  from that game  will be  hidden!!!"
insanity is only a problem for those not there already.
thinks <propfemale> owes him a 3d tv
"3, 6, 9, the goose drank wine the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line the line broke the monkey got choked they all went to heaven in a little row boat"
listening to <propfirst> butler and wondering why cant i sing like that
searching for that elusive anti-sick pill :(
dhal soup from <propfirst>'s..... suprisingly good :)
after 3 days without you i finally have you - oh how i have missed my coffee - never leave me again!!!!!!!!!!
dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. go forward and make your dreams come true. -<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>
i give up
"<- people who don't know him, think he is quiet, people who do know him, wish he was"
confission..... not a mistype
macgyver vs <propmale> <propmale>. who will win?
"predators, hmm i wonder if arnie makes a cameo"
humbleness
stupid lost finalae. im even more lost now
"clear, clean and rebuild"
mmm macas... upsettingly good
the light fantastic
"""remember to keep yourself alive, there is nothing more important than that"" afeni shakur"
"is going to have something wet, warm, and very tasty! mmmmmmm coffee............ what else did you dirty minded people think"
"life's a crazy roller coaster ride, and i'm just along for the ride... but i know that at the end of the day i'm right where i'm suppose to be..."
is patiently waiting for life to finish kicking his ass!
"gunnery sergeant  hartman: are you quitting on me? well, are you? then quit, you slimy fucking  walrus-looking piece of shit! get the fuck off of my obstacle! get the  fuck down off of my obstacle! now! move it! or i'm going to rip your  balls off, so you cannot contaminate the rest of the world! i will  motivate you, private pyle, if it short-dicks every cannibal on the  congo!"
house
mmm lemsippy goodness
spoon!!!!!!!
someone needs to invent an amnesia pill
to caffiene or not to caffiene that is the question
is trying to hold himself together when in all reality has already fallen apart
a discussion is an exchange of intelligence; an argument is an exchange of ignorance!
"to err is human, to forgive, devine"
is wondering why some days you can be totally alive to people and other days its like you don't exist anymore.. the world is a tuff place me thinks :-/
the optimist says 'the glass is half full'. the pessimist says ' the glass is half empty'. the realist says 'the glass is twice as big as it needs to be'.
1st day back as a barista. wonder if i remember how to stretch milk
what we see when watching others depends on the purity of the window through which we look.
"the strength of a man isn't measured by how many beers he drinks but by how many beers he buys for you. the strength of a man isn't in the gentle tender whisper of his soft words of affection spoken while holding your hand by candle light on a moonlit evening, wearing a pink shirt and gifting you a cardigan that he had knitted himself- cause that would make him gay."
"my friends, i wish you peace, love and health. blah, blah blah... screw that! i wish you lots of sex, booze, orgasms and hope you win lotto :-)"
go the redbull
"i know she loves the sunrise, no longer sees it with her sleeping eyes, and i know that when she said she's gonna try, well it might not work because of other ties andi know she usually has some other ties, and i wouldn't want to break 'em, nah, i wouldn't want to break 'em, maybe she'll help me to untie this butuntil then well, i'm gonna have to lie to you"
"aw oh look at the <propfemale> ... not me stupid, the one in the sky. :p"
"says.. don't be depressed, just remember this...no matter how fucked up you think your life is someone else has got it worse!"
"dear <propmale> brothers:  now that i'm an adult, i feel i'm am old enough to hear what the ""beep beep"" is hiding when road runner talks to wile e. coyote."
"every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. the goal is to find it. - buddha"
"go to your profile <propfemale> and scroll all the waydown to the bottom. on the bottom left corner in little blue letters,click""english uk"" when the language selection appears, click ""english pirate"" then watch what happens. when you've stopped laughing, pastethis on your status to let others know! :)"
"there's a new way to hack your facebook account.a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open in a new <propfemale> & tell you to re-enter your facebook username & password. the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be careful don't enter your user id & password it will be hacked. please read & pass it on to everyone..  thanks!  oxo, t"
"so you think you can tell heaven from hellblue skies from paincan you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?a smile from a veil?do you think you can tell?and did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts? hot ashes for trees?hot air for a cool breeze?cold comfort for change?and did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?"
r.i.p <propfirst> <propmale>
if life was ment to be simple it would be signposted
all right.... who stole my coffee?? give it back i need it
has given up on happiness
reduce reuse recycle
"""it's impossible."" said pride.""it's risky."" said experience.""it's pointless."" said reason.""give it a try."" whispered the heart."
i loathe the frost. love the snow
be who you want to be! you are always going to be hated and loved by equal amounts so you may as well live according to your expectations
"you have been given 278 weapon parts for the changes made to the weapon shop."
"""oh, squiggly line in my eye fluid. i see you lurking there on the  periphery of my vision. but when i try to look at you, you scurry away.  are you shy, squiggly line? why only when i ignore you, do you return to  the center of my eye? oh, squiggly line, it's alright, you are  forgiven."" — stewie griffin"
"<propmale> of persia.... yawn so should have waited to hire, yes hire on dvd"
"police scanner just reported a drunk naked idiot wearing snow boots, singing free bird, riding a lawn mower down the road! where the f*** are you going?"
i so need a bigger mafia
fresh powder to the doorstep :)
go the deluxe cheeseburger
"<propfemale> in wonderland container: mkv | video stream: x264 | audio stream: aac | resolution: 1280 x 720 | size: 700 mb i love matroska"
"when we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained. - <propfirst> twain"
"never make the same mistake twice,there are so many new ones,try a different one each day."
woop woop mafia wars just credited me 60points and fixed my account so now bangkok works
brutal honesty. is that too much to ask for?
facebook gave you 25 free creditsyou received 25 free facebook credits (a $2.50 usd value). use them to buy premium items in many games on facebook. go play!   mint
"watching <propmale> dynamitevote <propmale>"
lazy day planned :)
r.i.p. <propfirst> hopper
thanks for all the birthday wishes peoples :)
"is looking for his marbles, can you give me a call when you find them please, they could be anywhere"
to design or not to design that is the question for today
rodeo
"beer, food nd fireworks :)"
i want to see <propfirst> butler trio perform at the itunes live concert
mmm new chch wendys
"if you and i woke up in jail together. using only four words, what would you say to me? (note: if you comment you have to paste and copy this; put this in your status. fair is fair; play along!) dare you all!!!"
"sorry everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays. this happens once every 823 years. this is money bags. so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days. based on chinese feng shui. the one who does not copy, .........will be without money. i ...ca...nnot let t...hat person be... me. ...copy within 11 min.see more3 hours ago ·"
vip for nitro circus >.<
i feel a night of youtube and nate
otp
"please put this on your status if you know someone, are related to, and adore someone who has asd, pdd, adhd, add, autism or aspergers . these misunderstood, so called ""trouble maker"" kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out. but we can raise awareness. 93% won't copy and paste this, so lets,see who the 7% are that will stand up for them"
