50
8b3646393fed1ed65b6a0fc4fb773b44
23
-
i dont get this? lol
:d haha
"""you might be mexican if: you've tried to bring a mango back to the us from mexico, and a bonus point if you actually made it all the way home with it"" lmao true"
*sigh* haha
"in <propmale>. @<propfemale> ayala its in the mood for some ""sculptures"", but shes also in the mood for some mexican ""food"" haha"
"y si eres gorda o flaca, todo eso no me importa a mi."
"fuck, my phone is not working"
gooooooooool!!! :d yes! fuck yeah!
i was going to wait till to today to read haha but i think its too late now to start reading to kill a mockingbird. fuck
ugh i need to get a new phone
eh going to sleep.....zzz:/
"i need to read, even though i know i wont end up reading haha"
"at the spring show with <propfemale> haha, i was cracking up in 7th pd today lmao about the big o"
i have bad luck with phones
"damn the portugal vs. spain game is intense, nice."
ugh i should really be studying for psychology ap and be reading brave new world. stupid facebook haha :/.
"<propfemale> mexique va gagner contra la <propfemale> haha. go mexico, let's do it again :d. please :/ lol"
"ready to fail the ap test tomorrow, haha this is bs. at least i dont have to go to all my morning classes. i know im not getting higher than a one :/, idgaf anymore."
got my new iphone fixed :d
"thinking if i should join band next year, i really kinda want to but idk, ugh. ?:/"
aah i got my old blackberry to work. but now my laptop died and the charger its not working. wtf
gtl > fla :d
"watching univision haha, wow there's a lot going on :/. wtf lol"
ugh.
"yeeeaah, not joining band next year... oh well, not going to school tomorrow and i  just gotta go back on friday to take one final :d"
finally no more school :d each school year keeps getting than the one before lol
ah i gotta start working on my bio project and i need to finish reading night. i have to stop procrastinating but... its the last week of school :d finally!
yes!!! omg :d :d :d haha fuck yeah :d
"nice goal usa, go usa! whoo haha cmon."
"why does this have to happen to me? i wish i could control which person to like. (like-like haha). :/ fuck, not again."
"exited for the game tomorrow xd but damn it's going to start too early lol, the sacrifices i have to make. whoo :d world cup."
"so we're celebrating the 4th of july with fireworks and some real mexican music, that's  either disrespectful or ironic lol"
hell yeah uruguay won! : d. damn these past games have been intense. sorry ghana haha
omg lmao :o hahaha wow
i give up.
"ah crap, we tied. oh well :/ but we didnt lose :) haha"
homecoming game! :) we better win.
schlitterbahn! :d
<propfemale> <propfemale> thanks to you i have now crossed out something off of my bucket list haha. my work here is done.
mariachi bands are one of the best things for entertainment haha.
so apparently being agnostic it's as bad as doing drugs and killing people. wow haha wtf.
"oh crap! haha school tomorrow :o. this better be a good year, can't slack off haha. i won't slack off."
shahea <propmale> has inspired me to start drawing and painting again haha :)
"studying for apush tests = to a a bad failing gradenot studying for apush tests = to a not so bad failing gradeso i think i just won't study."
"jacky lopez, you're the definition of hater."
"yesss! :) i am now legally able to get a tattoo...and more ;) yay-yah :d"
"ah not planning on making an effort at staying awake at school tomorrow. summer needs to get here already!"
i think my gpa has been raped and gang-banged by almost all my classes this year. great.
haha hoes will be hoes.
i fucking hate push-ups!
