11
a79d99cb1fe61ceea2737bb7fa6f9c53
30
-
immigrations confusing
"manchester uni doesnt want me, dunno what to do now"
why do people just not give a shit? is a lil respect from people you thought cared about u to much to ask?
today mite be the day ifinally break. i cant cope with this place much longer
i need t get outta this house now
where's <propmale> n <propfirst> im bored of packing
jus wondering whos up so i can escape for a bit
"""new zealand law prohibits any person on a temporary permit, including a working holiday scheme work permit, from providing commercial sexual services."" well there goes that plan"
im sick of not sleeping
rest in peace <propfirst>
so bored i hate valentines day
"im driving y self crazy again, i wish i didnt have to think see or hear"
"interview went pretty well, should here back sunday or monday"
i think iv got an interview with hbos unless te agency were lying
i cant decide what to do 2nite
thinkin about jilly's 2moz if anyones up for it
i cant afford rockworld i guess its <propmale> n raes instead then
so bored hope <propmale> n <propfemale> are back soon i spose i should head back to lanc sometime soon
"whoop, finally got an interview somewhere, about godamn time to"
"cant sleep, got stuff to do in the mornin to"
i need change
i forgot how good dethklok are
i hate being skint need something to do tonight
language is an annoying nessacity
woop got my festival dates
so tired wish i could stop coughing long enough to fall asleep
"great missed  my last <propmale> for one last nite at rockworld, i guess thats my youth offically over now"
time for new scientist and chips b4 i head to manc i think
is it just my <propmale> of the world thats being weird or has everyones rolled back 24 hours
bored anything interesting happening anywhere tonight?
ill
"angry, dissapointed, looks like im not doing perverts in leather now, back to work on sunday tho"
ok im up at last
what's a wormdo?
if anyone been wonderuing where iv been the last week iv been having comp trouple if u want me u'll have to ring me sorry
im officially back in tyldesley and missing lanc already
bored
"bored n wonderin where everyone has gone, guess i'll do a vegi roast jus for me then"
isnt it strange how illness and insomnia can lead to something completely unexpected. perverts in leather rally hear i come
"i finally get my laptop working again and my mobile takes a swan dive into a cup o tea, its all going wrong for me"
"looking forward to tomorrow gonna have a long over due catch up, should of done it years ago"
"i feel like hitting stuff, fancy a bit of training today, any one in lanc wanna free thai boxing lesson"
i really need a job
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, i did have an amazing day and i did spend to much at the purple turtle, but couldn't of wished for a better bday thanks to nat"
"we've been bored before, we'll be bored again"
"roar! i hate my sleeping patterns,i have an early night to try n sort it and now im awake at 4 30"
"food, maybe a power nap then off to find somwhere to dance in lancaster"
stop making me smile so much its hurting my face
breakfast shower n manchester
"everyones canceled on me, anyone else at darkside tonight or am i on my own?"
i think i need to get outta the house
anyone fancy the pub tonite?
darkside tonight
im actually quite nice if you dont get to know me
applying for the maths he access diploma at bolton for january
argh i can get back on evony and im in the middle of trying to defend y lakes
off to t in the park tonight
damn you insomnia! lets se how u like my insense and <propfemale> tea
hail to the veyron!
"is anyone else worried about north korea?  theres a mad man sat with his finger on the big red button, and no ones doing anything about it.  i bet if they had oil this wouldnt be a problem."
cant beat a bit of <propmale> zombie
why isnt evony working?
"in a world gone mad, we will not spank the monkey, but the monkey will spank us"
looks like im in for a fun packed week working for hells angles at bulldog bash next month
stood up! i blame the bank for taking all the money that could of gone on phone credit to make sure this didnt happen
roar!
i mite be able to get sum1 a job for v and reading if u promise not to show me up
pub time
glasto was awesome
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhkr7ihe9iq
bored anyone fancy a pint?
woop got food gonna go make a roast
equally cursed and blessed
why cant i have a normal sleep pattern.  think these meds are making me even worse
back from t in the park
i need a job quickly
"ok lets try again, anyone fancy the pub tonight?"
i can get a job on the bar for bulldog for anyone who isnt a nob and can drive me down.  camping with the h a tho so not for the timid. any takers? told ppl id let them know by 2moz
off to bulldog today
"woop finally get sum money 2moz, not so sure what to do about 2day tho"
i think i miss festivals more than i missed my bed
"the bubbles popped, back to reality again"
nearly time for new sons of anarchy
"thats my contract signed, starting work on monday"
"aaargh need to get outta the house, c'mom peeps"
"i dont wanna think about the bad times, anyone can have a bad year"
anyone know about any descent jobs going?
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you. i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me. but i want you to lie. that's right, just make shit up."
does anyone know much about the cheap manc to london bus's? trying to work out the cheapest way to get to reading and back
bored
need to get in the party mood
moving house sux
"god lancaster boring, if no one wants to go for a drink i guess il jus crack up the dethklok and get thru my washing"
"first day of the new job over, and a bag load of d10 aquired for the game(which there are still places for if anyone is intrested)"
"bored, nothing to do tonight"
"in tyldesley for the night, i miss the barrel, i fancy a bottle o dog"
back in tyldesley for the night
globbits
bored
"ooh lunar eclipse on the winter solstice this year, bloodmoon!!!"
iv got my hand on a tattoo gun its fun.  trying to resist colouring in my arms
so wheres the nearest metal pub to tyldesley these days and please dont say grand central
broken
"jus got my months notice on my house, i need new home quick"
"happy solstice everyone, hope anyone whos up had  a better view of the eclipse than i did"
damn didn get the job in warrington
"feeling inspired today, doing a bit of writing"
off to the job center when i return i mite be a florist
hmm dunno what to do tonight.  who wants me the most?
argh got my cbt in half an hour n not filled out any of my sleep n mood diaries
bored
5jobs applied for and a blood test booked guess its time for a brew sum tunes and the lastest chronicle of <propfirst> covenant
"thats my first attempt at <propfemale> bread cookies in the oven, gonna kill the cookin time to sum <propmale> zombie"
"thats another 5 jobs applied for, wish someone would jus give me some money already"
awesome i have a job once as my disclosure is thru
"jobs done, time to start writing some plot i guess"
omg there's a tick live action series! how was i unaware of this?
woop my shifts have changed i get fridays and saturdays off now
should have one or two player slots free in my vampire game if anyones intrested
finally had a burst of inspiration n got my plot written.
bored now
got tomorrow off on full pay
"damn why is there no indians in tyldesley on just eat, its like living in a black hole in this crappy town"
black russian time
its friday night got my first paycheck from the new job n nothin to do
"woop got sunday off with full pay now, off to lanc 2moz"
i want curry but everywhere in range has stopped delivering the bastards!!!
"to quote a good friend of mine ""why has the rum gone"""
angry <propmale> roar smash!!!
"if anyone wants me tonight give me a txt, im working til 8 2day so i dont have to do sunday, so if ur making plans il have to come straight from work"
"5days down only 7 left til i get a day off, its bloody good job the over time pay is so high or id have to kill something"
"too much work, still 6 more days till i get a day off.  need takeaway"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odvsivvftcs
damn u face book its not been april first for 10 mins yet n your already messing with me
"bored, still got an hour or 2 to kill yet."
arrgh cant sleep
"well since as your all being boring i guess il go n try sleeping again, back in a bit proberly"
anything intresting going on yet?
i need to decide if i can cope with living in shak even if it is cheap
knackerd n starving think a pizza is in order
why is it only monday? damn you time!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wskwkymyxje
ramstad suck!!!
"dunno what to do 2nite, if anyones up2 out intresting send us a txt"
time for a mid week curry i reckon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rssvk_b3gum&playnext=1&list=pld1fa82221c18b253
do i know anyone going analouge trash next week?
ranstad strike again
think i need a change of pace
really wanna check out analogue trash on sat will anyone come play?
bored!!!
last day at work then im unemployed again
