77
a3d54d0a77ed1f722d50c87cb2f3815e
22
-
"of anlamadim gitti. nedir bu ""1 kadin 1 erkek"" dizisine olan duskunluk? yillarin dizisi herkesin simdi mi aklina geldi? bu ne?"
"did you say it? ""i love you... i don't ever want to live without you... you changed my life..."" did you say it? make a plan... set a goal... work toward it... but every now and again, look around... drink it in. 'cause this is it. it might all be gone <propmale>"
"did you say it? ""i love you... i don't ever want to live without you... you changed my life..."" did you say it? make a plan... set a goal... work toward it... but every now and again, look around... drink it in. 'cause this is it. it might all be gone <propmale>"
is packing for his samsun trip... he is quite sure that it will be amazing... =)
is home =)
is planning to play bingo... first time ever... who knows? maybe he wins something =p
just finished packing and ready to go =)
is getting ready for portugal =) we are coming faro =)
is looking for design jobs and he would appreciate if you could help him =)
is so sleepy and wants to go home =(
is very excited for the portugal trip =) he has lots of plans =)
has a new laptop =d yaaaaaaay =d
is playing with his new toy =d
"""today was very hectic. i feel extremely tired. my legs hurt like hell. it is only the beginning. tomorrow is to come!"""
"says ""make a plan. set a goal, work toward it. but every now and then, look around. drink it in. 'cause this is it. it might all be gone tomorrow."""
"""yüzsüzler..."""
"""i am a pc! windows 7!"""
"says ""i'm a pc! and this is how it is done! windows 7"""
is sad because he found out that his windows 7 package has been lost and cannot be tracked =(
"says ""make a plan. set a goal, work toward it. but every now and then, look around. drink it in. 'cause this is it. it might all be gone tomorrow."""
is in love with naruto: shippuuden original soundtrack ii =d
"~okay, i'm done talk to you now =d"
"got his new sturbucks (product) red thermos. whop, whooop. (thank you fays!) =)"
"says ""yuruse sasuke! mata kontoda!"""
"says ""everyone is leaving to somewhere! i wish i could also go somewhere to have sometime on my own. i gotta make it come true this year =)"""
"""bu aralar herkeste bir ?airlik havas?d?rda gider... ?lginç..."""
"says ""everyone! get a copy of lady gaga's new album, the fame: monster. it is awesome =)"""
"says ""always shoot with music in your ears, it changes your whole view on what you see ;)"""
"pre-ordered microsoft windows 7 =d ""i cannot wait to get my new os =d"""
"says ""i am very disappointed about how people keep talking about north cyprus. i know that we do not have the best of everything (or we have nothing!) but i would appreciate everyone's respect in this issue. if you do not like it, you do not come and you do not complain when people from n. cyprus is on your freaking list -like myself!"""
is trying to find post-doc positions. preferably in usa =d
"is trapped in ercan airport because of ""unspecified time of delay"""
"says ""go and watch avatar people! if it is possible, a 3d one. 3d experience is very different. you will not want to watch a movie in a normal cinema =)"""
loves new facebook. everything is tidier. it is very simple and functional =)
"is in amman, <propfirst> and he will be leaving to watch avatar 3d in an imax movie center =)"
"""i am a pc!"""
was in dead sea today. nothing special there. it is dead. next destination is <propfemale> =d
"""today's <propfemale> trip cancelled. unfortunately, our friend's mother was sick =( i guess i will have to come back to visit <propfemale> =p"""
loves his laptop and he cannot do anything else but sit infront of it =p
got his windows 7 aaaaaaaaaand his new glasses... whooop whooop... =p
i love windows 7 =p
is plus one design such a bad design company? are we doing a horrible job?
is rocking the last day in cyprus :)
"has his first chinese food and it was delicious. today, hiking in rangitoto island :)"
"son zamanlarda gayet ilkel bir hayat ya?ar olduk. mesela, du? almak için köy çe?mesinden su ta??mak gibi. ?imdi söyle bir soru tak?ld? akl?ma. belediye ba?kan?m?z? bizi günlerce susuz b?rakmas? içinmi seçtik?"
"~ ""grey's anatomy is one of the nest shows i have ever watched. it is unbelievably funny and sad at the same time. start watching it people! you will not regret it =)"""
~it's my birthday :) happy birthday to me :)
"<propfirst> gandirdilar bizi. mars olayi yalan cikti :) bosuna bakmayin gokyuzune :) uzmanlar dedi ki ""e?er 27 a?ustos'ta ikinci bir dolunay farkedecek olursan?z hemen kelime-i ?ehadet getirmeye ba?lay?n çünkü bu, 28 a?ustos olmayacak demek."""
donated some of his blood today =) wohooooo!
is in dubai :p
~ here is a question: does anyone become a photographer when they learn how to play with photoshop?
"~ ""a common mistake that people make when trying to design something  completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete  fools."" by <propmale> adams"
~ com on people! just accept my inivitations to towner. you do not need to play. thank you all =)
will get his brand new swatch tonight =p
got his massey university student id number :)
"~ ""isn't facebook supposed to be a social network? all i see is people checking horoscopes, playing games, checking how lucky they are and a lot of other things. i guess we turned facebook into an unsocial network. don't you think?"""
ka-bu-sat :)
"~ bugün hayat?mda ilk defa, erkek arkada??n?n uzun t?rnakl? serçe parma??yla kendi t?rnaklar?n? temizleyen bir bayan gördüm. ne tür bir a?kt?r allah?m? kabus..."
~i think <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale> is the saddest movie in the sequel...
is about to eat ostrich egg =s
"~ i just watched the movie ""knowing"". it is an amazing movie. everyone! find the dvd and watch it. you will not regret it =)"
"~it's time to move ladies and gentelmen. we would really appreciate it if you could get some jobs for us, plus one graphic design :)"
"ask most people what they want out of life, and the answer's simple; to be happy. maybe it's this expectation, the wanting to be happy, that just keeps us from ever getting there. instead, we just keep smiling. trying like hell, to be the happy people we wish we were. until eventually it hits us. it's been there all along. not in our dreams or hopes, but in the known, the comfortable, the familiar."
"~ ""i love windows 7, i love office 2010, i love firefox, i love mathematica, i love swp 5.5., i love windows live messenger, i love thunderbird, i love photoshop, i love illustrator, i love windows media player, i love bittorrent, i love the existence of internet... i love my laptop =)"""
"facebook is asking ""what's on your mind?"" here what is on my mind: quantum mechanical operators :)"
"~ all things being equal, the simplest explanation tents to be the right now."
~ it is not a watch. it's a swatch =d
~ goodbye windows media player 12... welcome zune =)
i have new home :) woohooo :d
"here in new zealand, a lot of people walk barefoot like when they shop or when they go from one building to another. i still do not understand why..."
"""i want to take photos and turn them into something spectacular. however, i cannot. why? 'cos i do not have a camera. damn it!"""
"is moving out for a complete make-over his house =) yay! finally, our home will be amazing. it will be a tough job but i cannot wait to see the results ^^"
is on the beach :) need to tan before i leave :p
"just watched glee's second season's 8th episode; furt, and it was epic :)"
is back online :)
is going to a beach party tonight ;)
successfully managed to use the shuttle service today :p finally :d
~ the best place in north cyprus: <propfirst> rockets. and it is licensed =) it is not a fake one =d
"~get out of depression people. it does not help at all. you only destroy yourself and people around you too... and yes, it is easy to do so. i have been there and if you really want it, you can do, unless that is what you want..."
is ready to move out and party tonight =)
öfff... ?nsanlar?n s?k?c? hayat tarzlar?na ?ahit olmak ne kadar s?k?c? :)
"had an amazing, fun and awesome day :)"
"~ you know what they say. once you kill a cow, you gotta make it burger ;)"
"i love internet and its unlimited boundaries, information that it lays down in front of our eyes and its very existence :)"
is back to studying quantum theory of atomic structure :)
grow up people and learn how to drink. seriously...
only a couple of days before i move into my new house :d freaking excited...
wants to go to portugal and join folkfaro :(
started the countdown :)
officially received his phd degree in mathematics :) next is computational chemistry :)
is very tired. he has been trying to format his thesis but it does not work. he does not know what to do as he needs to submit it on monday =(
"finally finished typesetting, editing and formating of his thesis. he hopes that institute of gradute studies will accept it without any corrections on the format of the thesis :)"
had a great night in ayia napa :)
öfff... çekemem bu bayram olay?n? ha... kabus gibi. bayram deil herkese eziyet...
"~tired, tired, tired, tired, tired..."
"""people did not like my profile picture, so i am changing it..."""
somehow managed to format the thesis but still needs a bit of work :)
so excited :) i am getting involved in the auckland flash mob collective. first practice next week... can't wait :d
is ready for his defense :)
~i am a gleek :)
"~metally, i've got no more energy. i advise you people not to expect a lot from me nowadays."
"~murphy kurallarina gore ""sigara duman? her zaman sigara içmeyen ki?iye do?ru gelir."" dikkatle duyurulur. yani ruzgarin yonuyle bir ilgisi yok. ilgililere duyurulur :)"
~kylie minogue - aphrodite... get a copy people! you won't regret it. awesome summer tracks and completely new sound :)
"waiting, waiting and waiting..."
@mission bay :d
time to pack :d woohooo...
has finally started to prepare his presentation seriously and he feels happy because the wave of creativity is back ;)
~crispy morning :)
"loves the following statement: ""the god   particle's discovery could unify understanding of the   content of the universe and help humans know the mind of god!"""
i want to buy billabong's leather shoulder bag :d
death note... one of the best japanese animes i have ever watched :)
off to the beach :)
"son zamanlarda gayet ilkel bir hayat ya?ar olduk. mesela, du? almak için köy çe?mesinden su ta??mak gibi. ?imdi söyle bir soru tak?ld? akl?ma. belediye ba?kan?m?z? bizi günlerce susuz b?rakmas? içinmi seçtik?"
"is listening to glee: the music, volume 1 and loving it ;)"
~shall we make a facebook clean up?
is back to research :)
"""try helping people but do not expect anything in return. if you do, you will just get hurt. it is the human nature. instead, just smile as <propfemale> <propfirst> says :)"""
is very tired from all the studying for hours this evening and he thinks it is time to go to bed...
"""so, what is facebook?"""
"~""güzel olmayan ?eyleri güzelmi? gibi göstermek konusunda uzman olduk bu aralar. hiç anlamam sizi insanlar. bir garipsiniz. ya?lay?n bakal?m birbirinizi nolacak bu i?in sonu..."""
"""a good teacher does not give you the answers. that's how i learned :)"""
~i hereby officially announce that this is the hottest day i have ever experienced. i literally cannot breath :(
got his diploma and emptied his office today :)
"it has been a month that i am in new zealand. it still feels surreal. but, mustafa is very happy :)"
~tell me what to do as i do not have a brain to think or act accordingly...
it's raining cats and dogs but i'm still going out :d woohooo...
installed windows live 2011 and loving it so far :)
has been granted academic approval to study in massey university. here i come new zealand :)
lollipops :)
~i did not know watching youtube videos back to back is this fun. see people? i am really bored :'(
~last 2 days in emu :)
~time to tan. again :)
@<propfemale> clause parade :d
~cosmos on the table :) woohooo...
is getting ready for the big move :)
üniversitelerden mezun olduk/oluyoruk ama halen daha malesef kar??m?zdakinin durumunu dü?ünmeden hareket ediyoruz. ne ay?p...
"~bored, bored and bored :("
got my new geeky glasses :d woohooo...
"i should definitely stop spending money, if i want to buy a car :)"
is going to a oktoberfest party :d
is in nz :) finally ;)
matematikmi? ölsün... ne ay?p...
is waiting for his nz flight :)
i hereby officially announce that i regret not going to <propfemale> levy's concert. ölüyorum kahr?mdan. a??t yakar?m ofiste :'(
another great day with friends :) we even tossed eggs :p
was harassed by girls on the bus :d
"her zaman aramak m? laz?m? her?ey kar??l?kl? m? olmal?? dost her zaman dosttur, seven her zaman sever. aradan günler, aylar, y?llar geçsede. önemli olan o kadar zamandan sonra o ilk anki samimiyeti hissetmek. bence gerisi çocukluk :) sizce?"
"28 y?l boyunca her gece rüya gördüm. fakat hayat?m?n en güzel, en mutlu, en umutlu rüyas?n? ak?am gördüm. uyand???mda yüzümde gülümseme vard?. tüm gün beni gülümsetti. sormay?n! söylemem :)"
"you are original. because, you are fireworks. come on, let your colors burst :)"
couldn't sleep and got up to study the hydrogen atom...
attended 9 talks in only 2 days :)
"in massey, milk and cookies are considered as ""office supplies"" :) amazing, isn't it?"
had an awesome time in oktoberfest party and met a lot of new people :d
haddee... bu masalda bitti :)
amaaan! çok sabaht?r daha :(
"barbecue yesterday. and tonight, night-out  with friends in downtown auckland ;)"
i have given a new 22 inch hd monitor for my office computer :)
feels like ditching windows 7 and migrating to a <propmale>! i want a <propmale> :)
"you're a firework. come on, let your colors burst. you're gonna leave 'em falling down :)"
off to new year celebration and clubbing in the city :d
wants extra white teeth :d
is on his way to his first real christmas dinner with his friends :)
@bowling :d
bu ne be? yazin oryasinda manyak gibi yamur ve bir taraflarim donuyor...
bbq time :)
got his intel i7 powered brand new desktop computer :) woohooo... i cannot wait to see the calculation capacity :)
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship. these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges. they understand that life is busy... but you will always love them..."
"had an awesome, refreshing, and fun christmas dinner with his friends :)"
all set. ready to move out! can't wait for tomorrow morning :)
<propfemale> christmas everyone :)
the first new house visit is tomorrow :d wish me luck :(
loves his new house :)
"i guess, i studied almost 12 hours today... my brain hurts now :d"
happy new year people :d
what have you done today to make you feel proud? it's never too late to try :)
going out again. woohooo... let's dance :d
needs to find a good and accessible place for himself :(
i don't feel like studying :'(
"auckland city, ipod touch, northern express, <propfemale> <propfirst>'s coffees, borders, hallenstein brothers, moleskine, billabong, massey, schrödinger's equation, northcross :)"
amaaaan... cok yemek yedim galiba. catlaycam simdiiii :d
"it's been 4 months that i'm in new zealand. everytime i go to city center, i still feel like it's my first day. the sky tower still amazes me as if i see it for the first time :)"
i think i felt an earthquake...
started preparing my first paper in quantum physics :d
"writing this paper will be a true challenge for me as i am very new in this area of research. but, i will handle it one way or another :d muhahahahahaha..."
2 mart'ta bakalim neler olacak :d
off to chinese lantern festival :d
ne bu ciddiyet? ne gereksiz...
"to everyone outside of new zealand! i am fine as christchurch is  thousands kilometers away from auckland. however, i am so sorry for all the loss in christchurch :("
question: what (who) is ke-dollar-sign-ha?
uni is so alive today :) i love it. a lot of people to see :d
i have to state the fact that i find new videos by both <propfemale> spears and lady gaga completely pointless and not related to the context of the lyrics. oh! did i mention being pointless?
"tired, tired and tired... both physical and mental :("
a hard week ended with good results ;) the only thing i will do over the weekend is to rest :d
off to indoor climbing :d
i'm so in love with auckland city :d
"what is wrong with apple? ios 4.3 update is full of visual bugs. on top of that, new update to itunes is corrupted. you have to repair the installation to make it work. when it works, the ui looks all crumbled. so, annoying x_x"
"off to watch ""i am number four"" :d"
my <propfemale> friends! enjoy your st. <propfirst>'s day. i miss all of you. i am heading to an <propfemale> pub and will celebrate it as if you were here :)
"for those who think i am weird! i have one thing to tell you: ""keep it up and soon enough you will figure out that you wanna be a weirdo like me"" :)"
"wow... i just ordered a book from university of newcastle, australia! that's impressive :d"
eveeeeeet! aylarca surecek olan yagmurlar basladi :( hade yaz gelsin geneeeee :d
"kathmandu, kathmandu, kathmandu... i love you kathmandu..."
off to teaching... ahhh. it is too early :(
yeni iliskisi olanlarada hayirlisi olsun demek yeni moda oldu heralde. bu ne beee?
"mcdonald's, mcdonald's, mcdonald's :)"
