350
dc9d8b2d0083cf18e8e1d16afc4e5395
46
+
has been tasked with making 'ninja boots' for his daughter.  this apparently requires an awl and an x-acto knife to achieve 'maximum ninjafulness'
"enjoyed the brisbane midsummer swedish day festival.  <propfirst> <propmale> wasn't there, which is probably just as well...."
just isn't sure whether to go diving in 'lady <propmale>'s blow hole'
observes that journalist <propfemale> begley is not the brightest button in the sewing <propfemale>
has been hiking through subtropical rainforests
's digit was nipped by an emu today.
was much amused by <propmale> coupland's novel 'jpod'
has become a heavy user of tripadvisor.com
suggests that <propfirst> amis' 'yellow dog' is the best british novel ever written about closed head trauma
"wonders (1) who is this lady gaga, (2) why is she bluffin' with her muffin, and (3) why does she want people to p-p-p-poke her face?"
"saw lorikeets, bush turkeys, and strangler figs today."
thinks that australians eating 'pumpkin sushi' with mayonnaise sort of violates the whole concept of sushi as a food group
suspects that <propfirst> f. hamilton could write a little more concisely if he tried harder
snorkeled the great barrier reef until he was blue in the face
"returns to new mexico tomorrow, with no small amount of ambivalence."
is dusting off the elliptical.
has been abnormally smitten by the new <propfemale> <propmale> cd
finds the music group niyaz almost acceptable as a substitute for the much-missed music group ekova.
"is in <propfirst> for the next three days, to talk at the unsw evolution & ecology research centre"
is giggling while his daughter keeps saying the word 'snorkel' over and over until it loses all meaning.
"heard typical norwegian joke: american tourist asks boy in bergen, norway, 'so, does it always rain in bergen?'.  boy answers 'sir, i don't know yet; i'm only nine years old'."
"doesn't understand why a science conference at st. <propfirst>'s college, oxford university, cannot provide any internet access on-campus, if the oxford starbuck's can ...."
wishes that virgin atlantic would fly straight from albuquerque to oslo ...
is suffering techno-catch-22: an office computer so old and slow that it can't actually load the dell.com web pages required to order a new computer ...
is swamped in preparation for a visit to brussels and tilburg next week
returns from europe with goodies: the new <propmale> coupland novel generation a
has been fascinated by his phd student <propfemale> <propmale>'s new dissertation on physical attractiveness ratings of hands and forearms.
"is stuck in chicago o'hare; still three flights away from bergen, norway; apparently 'weather' is occuring here ..."
"wishes obama would not actually appoint <propfirst> collins to head nih, since collins is a  loony evanegelical who doesn't believe the human mind evolved through natural selection."
"notes that thon hotel panorama in oslo serves breakfast buffet with all three basic norwegian food groups: muesli, meatballs, and herring"
"is in crepe-land, and it's all good."
"now stuck in london heathrow ... united lost checked bag ... must fly to bergen via copenhagen, yet no time to see copenhagen's wonderful botanical gardens ... life could be sweeter"
wants to see some good data on the relative rates of asperger syndrome across different research fields...
"saw all the cows and thatched farm houses that one could ever wish to see, on the train from groningen back to amsterdam."
is having his wheels balanced.
is transitioning from an f-22 kind of mood to an a-10 mood
"is prepping a consumer behavior class and looking for good films that portray consumerism, marketing, advertising, etc -- any suggestions?"
has been gratuitously calculating h-indexes for his friends from google scholar
"is in amsterdam, and there's a full <propfemale>, so god only knows what might happen."
thinks perhaps all married people should immediately watch 'revolutionary road'.  or perhaps no married people should ever watch it.  it's that sort of film ...
is amazed at the number of different kinds of irritability that one can feel in a day if one starts working at 4 am.
"hs written about 30 recommendation letters in the last three days, and is running out of superlatives ...."
"went to white sands national monument, and dog <propfemale> apparently loves cavorting across fine powdered gypsum"
"likes 'evidence-based medicine', but wonders whether 'evidence-based marriage' would be a good idea."
finds 'craisins' almost as addictive as 'smartfood'.  almost.
"thinks the logitech trackball feels kind of pervy, in a <propfirst> cronenberg sort of way"
"is at the association for consumer research conference, and the hotel view of pittsburgh is actually rather lovely, what with the rivers and autumn trees."
"is perplexed that most academic buildings are so poorly designed to <propmale> any form of social interaction, much less effective collaboration.  and that the worst perpetrators always seem to win architecture prizes."
really wishes vail was in taos ...
is hoping he doesn't get fired for publicly suggesting that his university eliminates all of its ncaa extra-mural sports programs until the budget crisis passes ...
can't find a bad restaurant anywhere in <propfirst>.  it's apparently a foodie culture.  so why does his hotel serve only 'weet-bix' for breakfast? ...
is doing submission wrestling with neoclassical economics in his evolutionary psychology class today
developed a thing for the paintings by <propfemale> watson in the <propmale> gallery of new south wales
is on an ill-advised and probably futile quest for pannenkoeken
is having about as much fun as it's possible to have in dulles airport.  which isn't much.  notwithstanding the free apples from the united 'red carpet club'.
"made a pair of stilts for his daughter, which required a surprising amount of miter-sawing and power-drilling and general sawdust flying about."
"in working on the smartphone psychology manifesto, is trying to predict how fast smartphone cpus will be by 2025: is 100 teraflops reasonable?"
notes that paint color sample cards make cheerful bookmarks
is really sorry about the flooding in beloved brisbane -- home to great friends and colleagues
"is fascinated by playwright samson raphaelson's comment 'until i was age 75, i didn't know the first goddamn thing about myself' (from a 1982 interview with <propmale> moyers in his 'creativity' tv series)"
needs triple espresso before he can face reviewing yet another journal paper by overly prolific author x for journal y ...
happy to have finished writing my chapter on the future of evolutionary psychology in <propfemale> for a book edited by xt wang and yan-jie su
"is fighting off the damp grey chill of <propfemale> arbor by reading <propfemale> goldstein's warm new novel '36 arguments for the existence of god', and it's working so far."
"finished iain m. banks' 'transition', an overlooked gem of mind-expanding science fiction"
"is feeling gritty and determined, in a 'vanishing point' sort of way."
economist's definition of a ph.d. student: one who foregoes current income in order to forego future income
is excited to be 2% +/- 2% neanderthal.
is sending best wishes to everyone prepping their talks for the human behavior and evolution society (hbes) meeting next week in oregon
"loves the view from <propfemale> arbor's campus inn, but doesn't understand the chinoiserie decor"
notes that albuquerque now feels like a creme brulee being carmelized by a butane torch
"got a motorola droid today, and is totally intimidated by how much smarter it is than its owner."
"is loving <propfirst> mamet's book '<propfemale> vs. godzilla: on the nature, purpose, and practice of the movie business'"
"much distressed that 'summer goldenrod' paint, when applied to an actual wall, looks like a jaundiced pumpkin; time to knock back the color to 'barest hint of lemon chiffon' or something ..."
is at a conference in amsterdam on the psychology of green consumerism
"saw a young man texting and skateboarding at the same time today, which seems a typical example of young male exaggeration of their capacity for multitasking given their attentional bottleneck -- a weird kind of costly/risky cognitive display"
"finally finished drafts of two behavior genetics papers this week: genetic correlates of female orgasm rates, and genetic correlates of mobile phone use. fun with science!"
finds that everything goes better with ladytron
"wonders today, like most albuquerqueans, whether it's possible for people to fry and melt at the same time"
"overheard at costco: customer: 'does this bottle of fish oil capsules include sharp little straws for sucking out the fish oil?'  cashier: 'no, but you can just squeeze the oil straight into your mouth.  it's tangy'."
"has scraped, sanded, washed, spackled, and prepped the hell out of the bathroom-to-be-remodelled; tomorrow: 'summer goldenrod' satin semi-gloss paint will make an appearance."
"highly recommends <propmale> brand's 'whole earth discipline: an ecopragmatist manifesto', especially if you think that cities, nuclear power, or genetically modified foods are anti-green"
"bought a painting of a half-dead saguaro cactus, for its schadenfreude-promoting ambience ..."
just another quiet day eagerly reading the economist and testily reviewing journal papers ...
is trying to write better personality scale items to measure 'openness to experience' - wish me luck with this most ornery of constructs ...
"needs his engine 'decarbonized', according to a flagrantly profit-seeking mechanic"
"wishes happy father's day, to all those committed to heavy paternal investment in offspring"
"was fascinated by the documentary 'manufactured landscapes', about <propfirst> burtyksnky's <propmale> -- photos of huge-scale mining, factories, dams, shipbuilding, shanghai highrises"
is thrilled that his phd student <propfirst> jenkins is engaged to the lovely <propfirst>; congratulations!
expands his list of impulse-purchase items from reese's peanut-butter cups to pella proline double-hung aluminum-clad wood windows .... one danger of frequenting lowe's home improvement centers
is enjoying 'the quotable atheist' by <propfirst> huberman
's toyota mechanic says 'your rotors are warped and your actuators are lazy' -- which sounds alarmingly metaphorical
much enjoyed <propmale> mcewan's new novel solar -- the protagonist an outstanding example of semi-adaptive self-deception
admires the tenacity of the praying mantis that rode on the hood of his car for about a mile ...
has fistfuls of splinters from fixing splintery backyard fencing
talking today at tedxabq about evolution & consumerism
looking forward to the 'warm gun: designing happiness' conference in san <propfirst> oct. 8
", preparing/procrastinating for some heavy-duty factor analysis, built a big solid workbench out of birch, redwood, and fir in his garage this morning; its relevance to multivariate statistics is no longer clear however...."
is preferring the english opening to the <propfemale>'s gambit
"finished writing a book chapter on 'multiple selves, green consumerism, and evolutionary psychology' -- and still not quite sure what it's about ..."
"against my better judgment, enjoyed <propmale> liddell's autobiography; not sure whether to be surprised or not that there are mma groupies ..."
had a nightmare that <propfemale> aniston was singing lead vocals for hjartað hamast by sigur ros.  it was ... just ... horrible ...
making progress on writing 'the smartphone psychology manifesto'
"thinks 'the road' starring viggo mortensen must be the most depressing movie ever made, or that could possibly be made.  must recover by watching '<propmale>' ...."
is quietly monetizing things
"enjoyed the bio-doc '<propfemale> liebowitz: life through the lens' -- a little too focused on her commercial and celebrity photography, but still good insights into a creative perfectionist"
"upon reading goffman's brilliant 'frame analysis' (1974), realizes that the rate of  researchers gaining new insights into human nature no longer exceeds the rate of  forgetting and failing to read the old insights of previous generations.  perhaps we've reached some asymptotic insight-level given current life-spans, and further progress will depend mostly on increased longevity ..."
is tired of reviewing papers that use the phrase 'neurocranial architecture' when 'skull shape' would work just as well
"got a bloody nose in jiu-jitsu today.  apparently when you're getting severely stacked, blood flows down into your head.  who knew?  so it goes."
"returned from an inspiring 'warm gun: designing happiness' conference in san <propfirst> -- unbelievably exciting times for mobile web designers, app developers, and internet start-up companies, and it was fun to share the buzz"
was impressed by the <propfemale> swinton film 'i am love'
12 inches of new snow on sandia peak -- i'm predicting that tomorrow will be a ski day!
found a very impressive portrait of borderline personality disorder in saffron burrows' performance of miss <propfemale> in the <propfirst> figgis film (1999) of the strindberg play
"skies better on provigil, apparently.  counter-acts the 12,000 feet altitude somehow?"
