17
61e7f6145fd03d709cabbde3faf33412
20
-
what's on my mind?. . . nothing! hahaha!. . . .i'm bored
cookies are delicious.
feeding my licorice addiction!!!!!! licorice!!!!!
ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my class is canceled!!!! yyyaaayyy!!!
"computers are retarded. oh, and laptops are too."
haunted houses are awesome!
human interaction. . .oh what a strange and interesting phenomena.
don't get today off.  but i do get friday off!
one can't help but appreciate food when they're starving.
"strength and bravery come from being able to get up when we fall, to love when we have been hurt before, to laugh when we are sad, to have hope in the face of uncertainty, to stick to what we believe, to do what is right, to move forward, to live when it is easier to give up."
taking care of little kids and babies is hard.
to hate life is to hate yourself. to hate love is to hate life. to fear death is to fear wisdom. to fear risk to is to fear being alive. to fear change is to fear progress. to fear is to give up.
it ain’t hard to hold when it shines like gold. you’ll remember me. i promise you that.
dogs are funny. all animals are funny.
"""no one said life would be easy, they only said it would be interesting.""  i love that quote. hahaha."
"the facebook cheat: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale> ... it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you it really works."
"""god said he would never screw us over again, but he never said anything about us screwing ourselves over! so we gotta stop being so damn stupid and take care of our planet because this is our mess and the only one who is going to clean it up is ourselves!""  -a quote i heard today in class when we were discussing global warming."
"the ideas and believes that people hold are diverse and unique no matter how similar they are. but once we start to view to world the world through only one lense, we hinder ourselves from further progress and become hostile to the world."
"when people keep repeating that you'll never fall in love. when everybody keeps retreating but you can't seem to get enough. when everything feels all over, when everybody seems unkind; i'll give you a four-leaf clover to take all the worry out of your mind. when tragedy befalls you, don't let them bring you down. love can cure your problems, your so lucky that i'm? around. let my love open the door to your heart."
"""either you hate me or that's just my deep inner self-loathing manifesting itself in a paranoid delusion that everyone hates me. either way i'm pathetic.""                           -ugh, tell me about it."
"""all you have to do is call my name and i'll be there for you. just remember, i'll never be far away.""c"
i hate procrastinating. but i can't help it cause it feels so good. xp
class cancelled and now hanging out til my next one. not bad of a day so far.
"be not afraid of greatness. some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them."
"there's something about music... it brings people together, it makes people smile, it makes people cry.? i brings tears of joy,tears of laughter and tears of sadness. all music does is bring. it has changed countless times and moved mankind so strongly that it has forced us to do the single most powerful thing; we were made to feel. one thing is for sure though, no matter what happens; music will always be there."
"pay attention girls! a kick in the nuts=testicular cancer. so unless you want to go to jail for murder, don't kick guys in the nuts!"
"some guy was walking his dog and began to cross the street without looking. the dog refused to go. about 5 seconds later, a car hits the guy in the arm."
"-""dude what should i do?""-""just ask yourself what would jesus do.""-""you're damn right he'd do a wheelie!!"""
"""i like those just dance games. they made me realize my dream of being a professional dancer."" -my dad lmao xd"
"well since i didn't get to do my speech today, im doing it thursday. but i've changed the topic about 45 times already. :-\"
"""mankind is capable of greatness. but it is only by shedding our fears and heading into the darkness unafraid that we can find the way to greatness."""
the letter fron birmingham jail is an epic example of awesomely epic epicness of epic proportions.
had a fairly good day today. :) just wondering if the night is gonna be as good.
today's a nice day. feels like beach weather. i feel like takin a beach trip. still contemplating on whether i should go alone or not. . . .
brownies? i think yes. :d
i lost. . . .
"it's kind of a funny story. . . . . yes, yes it is."
oh cool. . . . new laptop. . . .
so some bitch tries to brake check me all the way up the freeway from rcc to <propfirst> buren. then she almost makes me hit a wall. but she gets pulled over. >:)
a shitload of mexican <propfemale>. . .  xd . . . yay.
"back it up, back it up . .you got it, you got."
"if inertia is what causes centrifugal forces on a rotating object & inertia itself is not a force, does that mean the centrifugal force is also not a force? o.0"
the norco campus is weird. o.0
"dad: you're fat. you've been doing a lot of cuchicuchi-blanchao haven't you?me: look at you! you're fatter than me!dad: i made 5 kids! what's your excuse?lol"
"this could really kill me.young love murder,that is what this must be.i would give it all to not be sleeping alone."
"<propmale> ""<propfirst>"" villalobosjune 17 1989- march 19 2011one hell of a wingman, a better backup, and one of the best friends i've ever had. rest in peace man."
"lol. <propfemale> black ""friday""= song fail"
"of the original 12 sons; 7 are dead, 3 are missing (as far as i am aware of), and 2 are mia. i am, to the best of my knowledge, the last of the original 12 left."
"ugh, busting my ass pulling shit out of it to make it look like the speech i am already pulling out is ""well-researched"" is exhausting."
!buongiorno principessa!
"after many many conversations and several epiphanies, i've finally know what to call that default funky mood of mine--flcl."
"while working on the yard, an earthworm manages to work its way up my brother's shorts while he was sitting down. my brother got anally violated by an worm. lol"
"put this dog on.//^ ^\\ your status(/(_•_)\) to show ._/''*''\_ that you are(,,,)^(,,,) against animal cruelty"
this phone is totally breakin my balls now. >:-/
"""this man is a sexist. he kills people with his sex."" lol xd"
"depending on what my counselor says, it can either make or break my enitre plans."
"hell yeah! by this time next year, imma have 3 associates! :d"
oh double hell yeah! i just got a $1000 scholarship! oh triple hell yeah! the first check already came! xd pretty badass day so far. ;d
is this life real? is everything we strive for in this life worth anything? we can only find out when we die. looks like i will find out before most of you.
"but as i look behind me, i realize that i am alone. once again i must face the darkness before me and this time, i am more certain of my death than ever before."
you can bet that i may not be alive but i as sure as hell ain't dead inside and if my heart was still beatin' it would beat for you. ;)
oh great. i have dog period blood on me now. -_-
"-""are you guys ready?""-""oh fuck no."" -""oh we are so gonna regret this tomorrow."" -""if there even is a tomorrow."" -""dude, let's just forget about this and continue with our lives.""-""fuck it, let's do this.""the morning after:-""that was so worth it.""-""now let's never speak of it again."" -all: ""agreed""lol. good times with the 12."
hhmmmmm. . . .well looks like my plans for college might change. . . .
"i will mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but i will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy. returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.""~martin <propmale> <propmale>, jr~"
trains = herpes infested devil penises on wheels
"riverside to delano: over 218 <propmale>. drove all of it with two backseat drivers and a dad that drives worse than me yelling in my ear. hella tired, agitated and find a way to chill."
"goddamn, now i remember why we don't come up to delano that often; everybody gets wasted the entire time we're here. xd"
"words are flowing out likeendless rain into a paper cupthey slither while they passthey slip away across the universepools of sorrow waves of joyare drifting through my open mindpossessing and caressing me"
"i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together. if anybody can be somebody then everybody is nobody."
the beatles + techno = epicness
"it's funny how we tend to focus on the effects rather than the causes. after all, causes are at the root of it all. they often go unseen & overlooked. they're rather difficult to solve. the effects, however, are loud and easy. they're a quick fix and everybody loves a quick fix. but to fix a problem, fix the causes; to fix the effects just rewrites the problem. simple as that."
rayanne has effectively mind-fucked me twice in one day. my mind has been blown. o.o
looking at old feild and winterline shows from the high school days. ah good times. everyone was so small! lol.
lol my mom came home and she's faded from the medicine that the doctors gave her. now she has mad munchies. this is my fourth run to mcdonalds.
"""whether it's for someone or something; love is the driving force behind everything we do. without it, life loses its appeal & existence becomes meaningless."""
"after a long time of procrastinating, i finally deleted my myspace."
"""all living beings place their faith in someone more powerfulthan them and they can't survive unless they blindly follow him. the recipient seeks someone in an evenhigher position to escape the pressure. they thenseek someone even more powerful to put his faith in. inthis way, all gods are born. don'tbelieve in me yet, i will teach you whothe god is that you will put your faith in. believing in me comes after."""
no. if i have not deemed you a stupid person then i do not see you as a stupid person. so quit asking.  >xo
"atrocities in human history. so before you bash islam for being a terrorist religion, take the time to educate yourself about it. otherwise you are no different"
"i had a good birthday weekend.  not everyone i wanted to chill with was there but all in all, it was pretty good. thanks to all who made it worthwhile."
"after watching case 39 and remembering the movie orphan, i have one thing to say:fuck kids, fuck adoption"
stupid people amuse me. . . . . .until they start to dabble in things that are way too hard for them to understand. . . .like relationships. . . .
stupid people amuse me.
apparently mexicans like to cross the border so much and are so good at it that there are amusement parks dedicated to the whole experience.
"from the nazi soldier who was just ""following orders"". your ignorance and intolerance will allow someone else to start another atrocity like the halocaust."
what happened to the days when if one was unarmed then then both were unarmed instead of one guy with a bat beating an unarmed guy down?
"depression is a funny thing. even when you think its gone, its always there. hmmm. . . . depression seems to be my only loyal friend. how sadc is that?"
had a good day with rayanne. but i'm kinda pissed for the people who were alone tonight cuz there dates were sacks of shit. noone deserves to be stood up.
well just about to head in to get my wisdom teeth pulled. such a shame i can't touch those delicious brownies for a while.
"apparently in my family, if it has your name on it and/or it belongs to you, they can still and feel obligated to fuck with your shit with out asking."
super <propfirst> kart on my phone and <propfirst> kart wii on the tv. :)
seeing my parents haggle with the car salesman reminds me of jedi using their mind tricks on the bad guy.
just chillin and waiting for all the mazes and crap to open up at six flags.
what started out as a conversation about a party turned into 4 tickets and a towed car for my cousin and his friend. fail. lol.
the second cause of stupidity arises from people who fail to take the time to properly educate themselves.
"well from all of my conversations, i narrowed it down to a honda, toyota, hyndai, or nissan. still open for suggestions on a new car."
"so far my top choices for a new car are the mazda6, scion tc, toyota corolla, or honda civic. which one which one?"
"become common now. it is hatred like this that gave rise to nazism and gave hitler is power. this is suppose to be a country of tolerance and freedom, not hate"
"""no one stands on the top of the world. not you, not me, not eventhe gods. but the unbearable vacancy of the throne in the sky is over. fromnow on...i will be sitting on it."""
"will you claim responsibility for your actions and <propfemale> the burden of your sins to your grave or will you hide, like a coward, behind the facade you call fate?"
cocaine is a hell of a drug. . . .
"thanksgiving: a time for relatives, close and distant, to make fun of each other's lives and get drunk and laugh at the stupid shit we do."
"""mitsubishis and all those other cars that all you racers have nowadays are just toys. go get yourselves real cars you jackoffs!"" -my biology professor"
"-""yeah, jail or canada and they both suck. i mean i could never come home, so what is it, it's a choice of a 6x4 cell or an endless wasteland of frozen tundra.""    -""montreal is cool.""    -""man, they speak french.""     -""so learn french. learn french or die."""
naps. . . . .enough said. :)
"rip <propfirst> hughes (1987-2010) death by suicide--or should i say self-sacrifice for a <propmale> cause. that <propmale> cause: hope. hope for the future, our future."
"wow. . .the one time i let my mom use the computer, she somehow manages to make it crash."
"while watching a creepy ass scary movie, cats doing their mating call thing is one of the scariest sounds ever."
"to friends, loved ones, & all whom we care about. may the parties never stop & the good times keep on rollin. let's not wait too long to get together again. ;)"
there's a lie that people use to let others know that everything is going to be alright. that they should keep going. there's a word for that kind of lie. hope.
"whoever first said the we can't choose our families didn't realize murder was a solution. sure, we can't choose em, but we can sure as hell get rid of em."
"while you scream at your woman, there's aman wishing he could whisper softly in her ear... while you humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and remindingherhow wonderful she is. while you hurt your woman, there's a manwishing he could make love to her. while you make your women crythere's a man stealing smiles from her... post this on your wall ifyou're against domestic violence"
"some bastard(s) from <propmale> tried to log onto my email and facebook. and i know they tried too, they tried to log on 5 times for my email and 7 times for my facebook. persistent failures they are."
"""rice=sake, grapes=wine, barley=beer, patato=vodka, wheat=scotch. nature wants us to get wasted! :d""         -a comment in my biology textbook"
i lost.
"pornography debate in ethics. a riot is on the verge on breaking out. intense, very intense."
:d for cotton <propfemale> machines!  >:o for the cotton <propfemale> messing up my stomach.
"me: its funny & a little insulting that everyone thinks i plan everything. most of it's improvised.sam: maybe you do it so well that you make it look planned."
"it's funny seeing how ""grown and mature adults"" deal with eachother when they don't like one another. there's nothing grown and mature about it."
i think the anesthesia is wearing off. i feel like i have one hell of a hangover and someone punched me in the face.
"motion pictures & weapons of war, science has made then both. while some point guns, i'll have my camera offering fantastic otherworlds just beyond our reach."
"hell of a night. zombies, lunatics, and lumberjacks scaring the shit out of us. plus a hypnotist hypnotizing people to do funny shit. satisfied with my weekend."
"we came to six flags, originally, just for the day. now were staying for all the mazes and halloween stuff too. awesomeness. ;)"
"question of the day: if you're against homosexuality and your offspring was gay, would you hate them too?"
i have a shitload of brownies left over. oh yeah. ;)
"""there are only 2 people in this world. winners and losers. there's no in between. if you're comfortable with losing then you're a loser, simple as that."""
"for our first lab in bio, were doing thumb wars."
i just got out of my surgery provedcure thing. they had to put me under. i feel goood. :)
"dude, ethics class debates. just one heated comment from a fistfight. its that intense."
"if i said half the things i could've or wanted to say, then 60% of the population would commit suicide from the sheer impact of my words."
"watching movies gets irritating when my dad rewinds it 4567898734567897654 times because he wasn't paying attention, couldn't hear it, or missed it."
those dobermans are sore losers.
stupidity arises from one of two <propmale> causes. the first is from people who think they know everything and are somehow superior from everyone else.
apparently the weed industry is worth 14 billion dollars in california. hmmm. . . . i wonder what we could've done with 14 billion dollars. . .
thinking about pizza hut. i'm seriously considering killing the girl in fron of me for her slice.  o_o
"my fucking computer froze erasing my 10 <propfemale> paper. now i have to start over again. in my anger i punched the screen, causing what looks like a crack to form."
"just tune in, turn off, drop out, drop in, switch off, switch on, and explode."
nudists have pretty convinving arguments for why we should all be nudists.
ha. guess i'm a <propfirst> now.
this is a pretty intense episode of criminal minds.
"that show ""1000 ways to die"" is frickin hilarious!!! xd"
"i blame the younger generations. they've thrown away honor and respect away for looking like ""a badass"". all they succeed is looking like a failure."
well it seems i raped my stats final and kicked the shit out of my ethics final. passed both with better grades than i thought. :)
"we're navigators, we're aviators, eatin' taters, masturbatin' alligators, bombardiers, we got no fears, won't shed no tears, we're pushin' the frontiers of transcendental perception."
just had a staring contest with two huge ass doberman dogs while waiting for my mom in the car. everytime they lost they started to bark and whine and go crazy.
a cop blocked two lanes of traffic to let me turn from the parking lot that's on a busy street. he had his siren on and wrote a jackass a ticket. best  cop ever
lady gaga's outfit makes her ass look big.
"apparently there's a thing where people have sex in their sleep, it called sexsomnia. so have sex while you're awake or you'll do it in your sleep. ;)"
"goddamn, stupid, good-for-nothing, piece-o-shit <propfirst>! why don't you <propfirst> go fuck yourselves ya nazi/commie lovin, feces eatin, sack-o-douches!"
there's nothing like a good punch in the face to really wake one up. ;)
what happened to tghe good old days when two men fought with honor and decency? what happened to the days when it was fights were 1 on 1 and not 5 on 1?
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday. that started my day off on a good note. thanks.
got a brand new phone! oh yeah. ;)
what happened to the days when men used to solve their own problems instead of turning to violence first? what happened to honor and decency among fighters?
"while you waste you're time trying to get my friends to hate me, i will get yours to like me. thus you will lose everything in your attempt to destroy me."
"""and as the light darkens and all the excitement subsides, all one can do is look up and gaze upon the wonder of the stars and be amazed--simply amazed."""
lol. it took me 30 mins to convince my dad that the sobe energy drink stuff wasn't alcohol.
and oppression. i can apply all of these phrases to any other religion. and i know for a fact that these religions would say it was wrong. so then why are they
"my mom gets stung by a <propfemale> and ends up taken to the hospital. an hour later, a swarm of <propfemale>s attacks me for my sprite. fuckin <propfemale>s."
<propfirst> in the box after a late night class. :)
"""there's a fine line between suicide & self-sacrifice for a <propmale> cause. all one has to do is point out that cause & they're regarded as heroes."" touché <propfirst>"
goddamn brother and his wanting to go on facebook on my phone to see a video of miley <propmale> that's probably just a fake anyways.
*correction: my brother has decided to tell his friends that my new car is his.
"i busted my ass to type 3 essays just to find out i have to type 1 more by thursday that's suppose to be 4 pages cause my professor felt ""nice"". son of a bitch."
quote from any religious text and misuse it to prove that that religion is violence. it is this ignorance and intolerance that has given rise to the worst
"attacking islam? many people do not know the actual tenents of islam and use misquoted scriputres from the koran as proof of islams violence, yet i can take any"
"maybe instead of trying to make it legal straight out, we should've taken small steps and decriminalized marijuanna. it would still help a lot."
"""the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i ever have."" . . . . . story of my life. . . . ."
"i'm surprised by the amount of hatred and bigotry aimed at the islamic faith recently. phrases such as ""all i need to know about islam i learned from 9/11"" have"
looks like i'm in the market for a new car. any suggestions?
hell yeah! got an a on my stats test. take it to the face statistics!
"can you prove beyond a reasonable doubt that you aren't in a dream? if so, then how do you know your evidence isn't part of the dream as well?. . . . you don't."
"while not having a drivers license or actual ownership, my brother has decided to tell his friends that his new car is his."
<propfirst> cart wii= fun on epic scale
hmmm. . . . maybe a mazda?
"so i take out the trash, then a cat jumps from the roof and off of my head. another cat follows and jumps off my back. another lands in the open trash can. . ."
"-""profanity is the <propfirst> of a small mind""-""oh yeah?""-""yeah.""-""well, my dear friend, try describing fear, frustration, anger, humiliation, anguish, humor, and sarcasm in one word 'son-of-a-bitch!'"""
"god damn man. ""misael, something happened. come fix this for us!"" ""misael it happened again!"" ""misael..."" my family would be useless with out me."
reason #387 for why i hate it when my relatives stay for a while: they bug the shit out of me so much that murder sounds like a dream.
"in the face of total darkness, the light that prevails does not lie in our heroes or gods or others. it prevails within our willingness to act accordingly."
apparently <propmale> mcconaughey wants to be my friend on myspace.
now i remember why children shouldn't make adult decisions. they can't handle them.
nom nom nom mexican food. :)
well i got the crap man-handled out of me by my stats final and my ass is a red. but i think i did ok. hopefully i'm right and it won't try to finish the job.
holiday decorations are responsible for 85.34% of rage induced murder rampages every year.
there's nothin like chillin with old friends and getting into classic shenanigans. paintballin in a school after dark with glowsticks and four teams? maybe. >:)
lol. i didn't get your text til like 2 hours after you sent it.
i lost the game.
wow! miley will never stop - watch miley <propmale> with new boyfriend - leaked news ==> http://tinyurl.com/24dmjuv
apparently it takes a certain amount of skill to sleep naked. you can even take classes to learn how to sleep naked. that must mean some of us are natural pros
"a ""sorry we're out, we'll be back in x minutes"" would save a lot of businesses the hassel of dealing with my foot up their asses or my fist in their faces."
oh i love it when nikkos hits that sweet spot. oh yeah! xd
"the first legend of <propfemale>, yoshi's island, donky kong country, and bomberman. :) hello childhood, nice to see you again."
"""if i died tomorrow, would anyone miss me? if i died tomorrow, would anyone notice? if i died tomorrow, would anyone care?"""
god damn. pretty intense episode of the walking dead.
"if i said everything i've ever wanted to say, there would be no one alive."
i tried eating a brownie. that was an interesting experience.
apparently i did two weeks worth of work for a presentation that was suppose to be 30-45 mins only to find out i only get 12 mins. my professor is a douche.
"some inbred piece of white thrash tried to brake check me. if it wasn't for the distance, i would be on the news for being the 1st person to ever devour a soul."
"i swear to god, if someone else in my family tries to take my car or use any of my shit without asking, imma go to jail for man-obliteration."
"after messing with my phone and fucking it up, i finally managed to fix my mess and return the phone back to normal. :)"
"so i'm watching battlefield earth just for the hell of it. this film, based on scientology, is batshit crazy. oh scientology, what an insane acid trip you are."
i plan on assasinating the kidz bop kids. . . its for the good of mankind.
"""every time you walk outside on a <propfemale> day, your face is getting blasted with tree sperm.""  -my bio professor"
"""change is a very messy process. it takes someone special to cause a lasting and meaningful change. "" remember my name, you'll be seeing it a lot later. >;)"
watching my parents and my aunt and uncle play wii sports is worthy of a hilarious youtube video. such a shame their internet is down.
why the hell does everyone feel the need to slap my face today!? it hurts like hell!
"after an hour or so of vomitting fountains of snot and phlegm from my nose & having an exorcist rid me of my demonic bouts of coughing, i can finally breath. :)"
"""today, my mom brought home some chocolate from the store that i proceeded to eat. as i look at the packaging, i see that they're laxatives. fml."" lol."
here at the christmas concert at arlington. remembering all of the practices and performances and all that jazz. ah goodtimes goodtimes.
trying to sit through an online lecture without going on the fucking around on the internet is like giving a kid some matches and tnt and telling him not to light it.
i had to wake up early cause i'm going somewhere tonight and i have to clean my room cause i'm not gonna be here. my dads on hell of a genius.
"""oh you can make it to rcc and back for the week on an 1/8th of a tank."" -my dad. . . . . . what a douche."
"""i'm tired of all this commercialized bullshit. just give me the things that truely matter. . . . booze, sex, and a good fight."" -my cousin <propfirst>"
i thought that when something belongs to you/has your name on it then everyone had to ask to use it. or was i mistaken? oh i was? oh ok then my bad.
well i got my wisdom teeth pulled yesterday and that was followed by a day long headache. but today i got no pain. :) yay.
yeah sure dad. go ahead and threaten me and my brother with a beating/death. just one more reason why ill want to come down and visit when i leave. you fuck.
"""if you got your wisdom teeth taken out, does that mean you're stupid now?"" -my little nephew <propfemale>"
i didn't think my dad could be any bigger of a <propmale>. but he continues to surprise me. apparently the tv being on at 10 is enough to kick me out of the house.
finished four days worth of work in five hours. now who says procrastination isn't a great motivator? ;)
"am i gonna rape my stats final or is my stats final gonna rape me? idk, let's find out. . . ."
listen to some oldies. . . . . that's some good shit. :)
"taking a look back at all my posts, two things come to mind: ""how in the hell did i come up with that!? that was genius!"" or ""what in the hell possessed me to write that!? that was totally retarded!"" i did have a good giggle for a minute or two."
sharks: they only bite if you touch their private parts
apparently the republicans want to change the definition of rape so they can outlaw abortions. . . . politics for the people. bastards.
biological psychology = mind blown
"since everyones bombing my phone, <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight. :]"
"""watch the dog whisperer and you'll learn everything you need to know to get people to do what you want."" -my neuropsychology professor"
well looks like we know what <propfirst> is gonna wear for halloween now.
oh we have a sub today. well looks like i'm not gonna pay attention today.
"when my dad's drunk, he's a douche. but when he's buzzed, he fucking hilarious! xd"
"""oh, looks like someone had an accident in there sexy pants."" hahahahaha."
you know you're lazy asses if you and your sibling are arguing over who should reach an extra inch to grab the remote. . . . & you guys give up cause its tiring
