119
9c5d2b911f37a222f89cc3e9d1d981bf
7
-
need more fish for the aquarium
my brother while at the blues concert at genkota tells me:  hey <propfirst> dont tell me you don't want to  take a cooth out of that tougar english translation: a tooth out of that cougar- well it seemed funny to me
looking forward to greek fest in swansea this weekend... gyros are awesome and the greek bands do a good job
mma tournament at the holiday inn was good... the chicks looked part troll but maybe that was me..  disco night at tenth street was good as well
gyros=super   rain=super sucky
so do we all sign up for therapy now that chicago doesn't get the olympics?
why is it taco <propfemale> sounds sooooo good after a nigt at the bar?
making chili today
thinking about st. patricks day and what i want to do
lol what happened to the upper 40's? it was only sunday it was 49
"49 today... i love this yearly feb. warming, but could do without the inevitable early march snow or ice storm"
dare i hope that the weather is going to stay warm?
looking forward to the first of the years festivals.... st. patricks day  :)
awesome mid 40's today
st. pats was good spent most of saturday drinking beer and watching b-ball in an <propfemale> pub
always remember that it is 20 degrees hotter when working in an attic
"if you & i woke up in jail together...using only four words...what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say....(and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status. fair is fair.)"
back in chatanooga
lol the evil plan worked..... get the boss drunk and we don't work in the morning..... i love being an evil genius ( sort of)
at home for a few 'cause the foreman used the wrong safety lockouts  lol
finally broke down and replaced my 20 yr old tv
now in <propmale> ...... yay me
working nights again
i'm thinking i need to put a little more credence into the allegation that sometimes i'm a little dense
why is it people who don't know how to do my job want to micro-manage how i do it?
beer is proof god loves us and wants us to be happy-  <propmale> <propmale>
short work day...... now i get to do laundry
<propmale> everyone   :)
being covered in cool-aid powder isn't as much fun as  you might think
"we should flood fb with this!!!!... i pledgeallegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands: one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all. repost if you think our country, our flag & god deserve respect! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will repost"
yeah i get a day off and then back to work
monday attacked.... i'll decide who won later
accidental day off due to scheduling problems
got the first squirel of the season
bouncing from state to state
bleh..... night work
enjoying miller time
yeah 11 hours to eastern s. <propfemale>   :-p
rack of lamb at outback is really good
somehow i don't think <propfirst> appreciated my call asking what i should eat on the beach this afternoon
leaning against a wall is multi-tasking..... holding up the wall and keeping the floor down
if you can't be good.... at least don't get caught
back from the dentist...  yay me
off to <propfemale> on sunday   :)
"in a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.:-) rereading the greatest work of fiction ever written"
hurray. i'm back home
"we the unwilling have done the impossible for the ungratefull. we have done so much , for so long, with so little, we are now qualified to do anything with nothing"
<propfemale> christmas
the snowstorm was so much fun to drive though last night
