492
6f2d87776863828d9f31150cedb78d56
21
-
"going to visit my first 4 year college... that i'm considering going to, cause ive been with friends at others but this is the first time that ill be going with the intention of possibly attending classes there. to amherst college"
"so its been over a week and this cold still won't go away. i dont feel achy and tired like i did, i just keep wakeing up and not being able to breath or talk. plus when i was drifting off a very anoying and unproductive cough kept me up till 2. grrrr stupid cold."
another week....and all that. darn i really need to try to change my viewpoint on life right now.
ill probably regret saying this but things seem to be going decently.
you know there are days where things seem ok but there seems to be a lot more where there is way too much going on that frusturates me.
well so much for my meeting at noon. darn bugs going around and infecting peopel. hurray its firday.....i think?
"so i like amherst. like really really like it. i hope that i can go there although the cards aren't stacked in my favor for that one, then again when are they ever?"
turkey...mmmm good.
"blah, the week is over. that took foreaver. while i was sick at least i didn't have the swine."
this up coming week looks promising. wow its been a while since i've been able to say that. hurray
so i visited umass today and im not in love. plus the tour was barely thought out and i didnt really get a good feeling for anything about the college besides the fact that its huge.
<propfemale> christmas to everyone. sorry its late. but i dont think that it means any less a day late.
"two weeks. a million things to do. sleep, priceless."
at the library with <propfemale> working on a paper. guess things could be worse.
is walking that fine line between jesus and insanity.
"so aparently i have lost the ability to speek properly. or spell,"
dear people who know and want to get a hold of me. i now have dsl at my house as well as a wifi network. yay im a real boy now.
"so i wake up. about an hour ago. an im all happy and warm and coumfy and certain that today is going to be a good day. then i look out the window. all i have to say is, boooo sheit!"
so aside from all the snow boul sheit that has been going on. this has been a fantastic weekend. :)
"ok. so i'm with bry and <propfirst> right now and there's a debate about facial hair going on right now. and i would like to know, do i look better with our without facial hair. please leave answers, i wont be offended, unless you are really mean. xp"
"i was greeted by the best thing this morning. my internet was back. then i realized that having gone almost 21 years without internet at home, i can't go back to the stone age!"
i have been hacked!!!!!!!!
"so were i to have a car that i cared about more than the gretch, and if i happened to be in it, whilst someone was doing carts and they happened to very lightly tap the front of my car with a cart. my natural reaction would be to get out and talk to the person that had done the hitting. not do nothing and then go complain to management. f-you lady in the red car who ruined my day."
stupid anorexic car...
"so whos got 2 thumbs and a car thats stuck in the driveway?this guy!....fml"
just got back from seeing <propfirst> fuchs with <propfemale> <propmale> and aj. twas very cool.
rain....well its better than snow.
work then school work. and all i want to do is sleep. grrrrr. is it saturday yet.
today is less stupid. however work to day will probably be exccedingly stupid. as people flood en mass to do last minute shopping for tomorow. stupid people who expect to actually find what they need. so silly
yay for friends.
about to take my last final which starts an hour later than i thought it did. yay for study time.
now that the production is done and im realizing how much i have to do before the end of the year. hope i can get it all done.
nudity!... it's like an unsweetened pancake.
thanks browns for the wonderful time in sf.
my foot hurts. stupid nail. but it was fun to kill the rail. so it was worth it in the end.
is some pain from many days of walking and the most brutal massage he has ever experienced.
i just got hired at big y.
finals are done now! hurray! off to san <propfirst> for a week! then work and summer classes! hurray for a small break anyway! hurray!
is grrrrr.
another great closing shift at big y........
ok so after much nail biting a suspense. at the last minuet.....i'm in java! wohoo!
found a crack in my windshield this morning. hope it doesn't get too much bigger before i can get it fixed. along with my horn. stupid car.
yay just bought a really great jacket! hurray life is great 3 hours behind.
hi heat and humidity. now look we all like you well enough once and a while but i hate to be the one to say this you need to go. im sorry and i hope this dosent hurt your feelings too much but its time to leave the party and go home. youve done enough.
lets see what the eye doctors at dartmouth think of my eyes. this should be interesting.
so i love when a simple 4 hour day at work turns into a crazy 7.5 hour day....
maybe tonight ill be able to get more that 3 hours of sleep....
stupid programs are supposed to work when you code them right.
so making a pendulum channel on my pandora was a solid life choice.
today is stupid.
ok so today was a good day. got much done. got accepted into java. finished applying to umass. and now i find im getting dsl in like a week and a half. wohhh ima happy <propfirst>.
starting the week with a calc test was less than ideal. i feel ok about it though. time will tell. (fingers crossed for a good/decent grade)
i love cafe academia because <propfemale> is the best boss ever:) and she knows im the best employee she has!!!
hey if annyone has snowboard bindings that theyd like to sell that in good to decent shape that are reasonably priced let me know please.
i feel like the time i have left till the semester is over is going by faster than i want it to....
hey so you ever have one  of those nights where your like ima go to bed. then you lay there for an hour and  nothing. so if anyone wants to talk via txt go for it. its deffinately welcome.
so who woke up and could barley talk....this guy.
just did my taxes and am now a member of the rape victims of taxachusetts club......
im alive! and back at school today :)
hmm. i have a strange feeling like i should have done something fun tonight...
"so ive decided that i cant wait for the summer, when hopefully <propfemale> many things will have been figured out/ fallen into place. however that means figuring things out and patiently waiting for things to fall into place. im a bit conflicted here. go figure..."
just got 4 newish tires put on my car. after everything gets lined up on thurs. my car will actually be kind of fun to drive again. now we wait for something bad to happen...as per the laws of the gretch....
"hurrow!love <propmale>"
"boogidy boogidy boo. boogidy boo! if there was one thing in this world that could make me squeal like a little girl, it's syrup... all over my body. mmm, you could even call me butter cheeks. mr. butter cheeks wright. ahmnamna."
oh ill get you back fort that....promise.
so a giant tree fell in my driveway this morning...but it didn't break the power lines just knocked the lines into the road...so lucky but frustrating.
so i learned something today. getting electric and phone lines put back up isn't fun or easy because people are asses.
two words. snow bullshit.
hacked son!!!!! silly me was in da bafroom wit my lapitytop on
worked 8:30 to 1:30 already. back again at 3:45 till 8. yay saturday.....
mango flavored sorbet=<3
thanks for all the birthday well wishing everyone... you're great.
"so on top of being stressed about getting everything done for classes. my stupid car decides to at some point in the last 2 days dump out all its oil, which resulted in my having to call out of work. it's settled, this summer that car is going!!!"
"hey for anyone who is going to want to get a hold of me in the next few days. my phone is partially broken, with my inbox full and no way to delete it. so if you need to get a hold of me. give me a call and leave a message, thanks."
"to all my friends, i would like to go see xmen in the next week or 2. if anyone is interested they should let me know."
has indeed been hacked...... and likes shiney objects <3
doctor who and math homework. i can work with this.
