367
77acd9dde76233b3ea2fd5e0ef142571
34
+
men suck!!!! need i say more and i am sick yuck
i am depressed and misserable
i am tired making pies for thanksgiving tinkin about what i am thankfull for and i have to say jesus he hears me when im calling and saves me when i am falling how cool and my man for loving me enough to try try again he really is making effort for us and i am far from easy to deal with at times
<propfemale> christmas hope everyones holiday is spent with family and love around them and happy new year!!! <propfemale> and <propfemale>
"best mom everif your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven and by your side everyday, paste this to your status let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly!."
"life is good, i am good!!"
not to mention i am still not feeling well was on my feet to much yesterday my foot looks like a balloon again and it is hurting again oh well
love my grandson he is the best!!!!!!!!!!!
wow some people are evil having a good time watching others lifes destroyed
how dare you
you left me dont forget that ass hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like it on the bedroom floor
my man is seeing his girls daughter <propfirst> and granddaughter and thats the best vacation ever hope you have fun and love them for me to !!!
you never will be as good as i am so back off and take the walk of shame!
happy k
he is home now they are out of work !! not good for paying bills great for having nim home!!!
depression and anxiety and sadness are so bad i am hating life and wishing i could feel better soon this sucks bad!!!!!
my dreams and future plans are falling apart sad and lost
i think theres a <propmale> things are looking up
i guess i got to do something i dont want to do and it means loseing so much i got to go away for a while damn conceqences for not thinking it thru
some times i just love being in love my man is awesome again life is a ok
i had a good mothers day spent time with my family loved it
life is so confusing lost and alone!!!
my man wow hes the best what a birthday present god i love you with all my heart!!!!
got my hair dyed and cut looks sexy as hell did not help my heart
i have nothing to count on just the shi tzu
"life has the downs, but i love the up`s!"
going to the carnaval yeah!!!! i love this time of the year and my birthday to so much fun and me and my man are good got it worked out god i love him!!!!
good weekend days are lookin better thank the lord!!!
you know lifes to short to spend wasteing time on people that hurt lie cheat and most of all put you down dont we have better things to do in life
wish i could have as much love as the love i give away
i wonder if you dont admit being in a relationship that makes it easier to cheat????? food for thought!!!!!!!!
i will do it to ! i no how
i think i am sick of it to much games internet e-mails and drama!!!!!wow it goes on and on !!!
<propmale> and my daughter and grandson went to taylorsville days carnival and wow it was the best time we have had in a while i thank god there all in my life i love you all so much!!!!
i love and miss  my man bad damn workin out of town!!!!!!
i think men are lying cheating dogs and <propfemale> should get them fifty times worse and if not what comes around goes around
life sucks most of the time !!!!
is anything worth the effort in the long run wow sometimes i think humans have a defect cause we <propmale> the same things thru life and never get the outcome we were trying for in the first place
some things are better left not said cause they are to hurtfull and i dont want to hurt you
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh,wiped your tears,hugged you tight, watched you succeed,saw you fail,cheered you on and kept you strong. sisters are a promise from god that we will have a forever friend! repost if you have an amazing sister! i know, i have some"
i want and need you
jumped the gun things are the worst they have ever been not going to get on here for a while cant do it no more
people pretend to care all they do is gossip whats said in confidence thanks to our friends your great!!!! how to add salt to wounds????
"lookin for work, baby tending grandson,needing to finish packing apartment,and get moved, people annoying me welcome to my world!!!!"
"sick and wishin i can feel better tired of life ,hate it and everything about it, need a place to live !!!"
wow it never ceases to amaze me that there are women willing to try hookin up with someone that is takin and especially when he is satisfied where he chooses to be pathetic is how they look....
life is good i am good!!!
i wish some people had a life so mine would not be there highlight of the day!!!!
just feelin like calgon take me away then got to start this bad day
"you know i had to laugh i just read a trashy girls profile ""dont hate cause i can take your man"" my thought is only a real woman could keep him!!! you may have had him before but i have him now build a bridge and get over it !!!"
my heart is hurting sooooo bad i hate this!!
"never allow someone to be your priority, while your just there option"
"i refuse to settle for less than i deserve!! and i deserve respect,honesty,and understanding and love........"
my baby girl was born 21 years ago my daughter!!!!
"i am a handful !!! - unfortunately most women won't re-post this. i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is. i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle. but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best! if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you........i'll be looking for the ladies"
i am needing work bad help please anything
i am tired of feeling people just hurt ya even if you try not to get close to them
starting to accept that its done wow it hurts but starting to ease up now
better watch out for me cause i have moved on with myself !!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am having to say goodbye cause my feelings dont matter and he has none
well it just another greaveing day
i wish that people could appreciate the kindness of another and stop expecting even more of someone we dont know what we got till its gone and everytime someone helps us we should feel blessed and love them for that
i hope to live everyday like its my last and give up people who are not worth my effort or time hard lesson when hearts involved
had our xmas so my man can be with his family it was great
lifes good im good!!!!!!!!!1
i stuck around for the better so i will try to ride out the worse true love makes it thru
wont continue to hurt or dragged threw i am to good for this
geez what did i miss? ok well good luck and i am going home to bed now!!!
i am great lovin my friends even my guys friends who trade me in couch or bed hard descion huh?
need work!!!! help any thing inexpensive housekeeper
<propfemale> my sister and friend a great daushund and our favorite <propfemale> i love you sis go fly with angels you always will be our dog and best friend love you so
"take me as i am,or watch me as i go."
thanks friends once again no one showed up to help my parents move never asked really just need some new friends oh and good luck to you and new girl friend
never seen his interest was with someone else feel stupid now congrats
want to be with u so much need to be on plane
some people i wish i had never met or let into my life at all !!!!!!!!!!!
got taxes went to wendover won for first time ever had a suite with hot tub and startin to fall for someone again wow lifes good now
i truely believe sometimes good things fall apart so even better things fall together
why does no one want me the same way i want them
i am just trying to get on with life dont no where to start need work bad anyone help please
i am just trying to get on with life dont no where to start need work bad anyone help please
i had the most amazing morning can not wait to finish what we started later!!! wow waited to long already!!!!!!!!!
if there is no proof to back up a statement then you are talking shit and that is hurtfull
been depressed and ready to give up
