249
2f068bfe36222d929b9e80e851f090a2
24
-
"yep today is my birthday.  all my life celebrated it the 12th, when its actually the 11th."
my ponytail is growing.
"wow. for someone who is healthy.  you sure post crazy things.  ~ahem, <propfirst>."
"thinking about visiting omaha ne for a couple of days... meet some korean adoptees, meanwhile tagging along with some korean adoptees."
"midi file, sheet music, mix and mastered file... complete."
"cheon ho park wants to break up with may zong.  press like.  i am sick of him complaining to me.  idiot, you are not hmong."
struggling with a big problem.  all i ask is to ease the torment.
i can never be who i use to be.  so i just got to suck it up and be what i can be as long as i can.
feelin' apathy.  what can i do?
"schizoaffective disorder really eats you alive.  i cannot !@#$in stand it.  now its trying to bug me in the mornings!  waking up should feel joyous, or at least normal, not a spinning black circle that knocks you off your feet with a constant headache, sick to your stomach type of feeling.  help me out lord, i am getting kind of sick of feeling sick."
how can you enjoy life when life brings apathy?
"i am back to composing some music for awhile, until school picks up where i get busy again."
this akathisia is killing me.  please help me!  i am sick of being tortured like this...
good day except i stayed in bed for 12 hours... i don't know if its the meds or just pure laziness.
awaking after 1 hour of sleep + anxiety = not getting to sleep any time soon.
"note to self: i gained 15 points of weight in 3 months, and now i feel bad."
"wow, i actually use this thing.  <propfirst> you use this too much."
"slept 10 hours.  woke up at 8:45 am.  laid down at 12 pm.  got up at 6:30 pm. probably back in bed by 10 pm.  man, i hate this so i must make changes now.  stopped propanonol.  stopped ativan.  only two meds left, and not much left to give because i already cut back.  now just lazy as ever."
its like vertigo.  you feel sick to your stomach and you can't control it until you lie down.  why does that keep happening?  i ask myself how can i handle a job if i start slipping away?  i want to better my life but these obstacles will never go away while the symptoms stay.  i cannot think of managing a different career.  first i must manage a day without any symptoms but they are continuing to happen.
"if i have a job, i am going to have a lot of problems due to oversleeping.  i have tried getting up at 9 am but then i end up taking miday naps.  this really sucks."
headache time calls for sleepy time.
"hoping i get to skip the accuplacer test, and register now at century college."
"birthday is today. any goals?  i am strongly considering making a 8-10 track orchestral sampler cd by january 2012.  anyone willing to buy it?  it is a long ways away but it might be feasible.   question is, should i release pieces before i make the cd?  no surprises?  anyways just some thoughts."
chicago trip?  okay.
god damn more fucking propanonol.  thats why i was complaining all the time! now its time to complain again.  i went off this shit for a reason.  now back on it.  great.  i am one happy fucker.
"i just took a look at my hs transcripts and i graduated 34 out 398.  that is in the 92 percentile range with advanced courses.  its amazing how a mental illness, if its a mental illness can make you feel.  just like a retard.  even if you are not a retard, you feel like a retard.  the truth is you can't grow up.  it goes to show how worthless high school really is.  thx for everything asshole (sincerely, to myself)."
"fact:  <propfemale>'s family saw a huge picture of <propfirst>'s hairy ass & balls because i was controlling his computer when i intentionally placed that image as his wallpaper on his desktop, and <propfirst> left to run some errands with <propfemale>. truth: well, i think <propfirst>'s face is less disgusting than his asshole, so i did him a huge favor =d."
kyle: the world doesn't need to know every bit of detail of your life.  keep things simple by keeping them out of it. man you seriously need a tune up and your head on straight.  focus on something that is sensible rather than senseless.
went to dunwoody.  going to be a machinist in 2 years.  i think i am onto the right pathway.
my body normally sleeps 11 to 12 hours a night.  i wonder why that is.  i sleep way to long time to start setting the alarm.
"itis gods gift to make me schizophrenic. it is god's gift to havewonderful side effects from the medication. but where is the joy of it?this medicine is wearing me out too easily, i can barely make a fullday landscaping without falling a sleep. my endurance has beendwindling. and now i still question how can i work fulltime now, if my endurance is no longer what it use to be.  keep me awake you bastard."
wow it would be weird to be an only child.  i am the only one in the house besides my dad atm.  i guess <propfirst>'s presence was just enough to not bore me to death.  anyways just thought i rant away.  wishing <propfirst> the best of luck with his new found love.  anyways so how have you all been?
oh god. cnc machinist use computers.  i am fucked.  what the hell am i going ot do work a 10 hour job the rest my life?  i knew this degree is pointless.
"its 4:00 am, and i have a test today (sat) at 10:15 am.  ah the joy of insomnia."
so why would a psychiatrist prescribe a drug that causes 54% <propmale> of somnolence when you are already struggling with fatigue to begin with?!  i am getting sick of living like a slug or a tormented demon.  really?  is that what you are telling me?  just listen to yourself.  god is calling.  there is no purpose anymore.
i think i finally figured things out.  going to century for an orthotics diploma.  they dont use computers!
thinking about going to dunwoody for a machine tool technology degree.  is it worth it?   i see an advisor friday.
dropped my cogetin dose.  no complaints yet.  we will see how i will do later in the evening.
dropping out of school = angry parents = lol!
passed accuplacer test because of transfer credits.  now just waiting until wednesday so i can register for classes.  awesome.
"wow, it was a 9 day hospitalization.  but i am back and feel relieved.  it is good to feel good and be home.  i am on such a low dose of medication that i think things will work now.  better to be safe then sorry."
at peace for 2 1/2 days.  god damn i think i found a solution.
"signed up for two classes at century, wish i could sign up for ap already but can't because i don't have a biology credit!"
"advisors can be beneficial, but in the end you better make sure you know what is on your dars report.  because of their mistake, i now have to take one more class to graduate with a bas."
slept 10 hours friday night.  tired all day saturday.  fell asleep early saturday night.  woke up at 3:00 am sunday morning.  still up at 6:00 am.    bipolar disorder here i come.
"as an fas savant, i am a genius."
"<propfemale>'s mom wants marriage.  <propfirst> knows himself and he isn't hmong.  <propfirst> & <propfemale>, its time to separate."
"god damn you eastwest.  i spent roughly $450 on each of your software including symphonic choir, symphonic orchestra gold, ministry of rock, and just bought your symphonic orchestra platinum.  and you are forcing me to download and update which doesn't work! you forced me to manually drag the files into the folder.  i mean what the hell i want to compose not troubleshoot these problems.  give me a solution!!!"
finally!!! i have answers.  the doctor just diagnosed me with fas.  not only that but my eastwest quantum leap issues are resolved!  just need to fix licensing issues and everything is resolved.  out of 700 gb on my scorpio black i only have 200 gb left.   now back to composing.
"i should be doing homework, but i am just sitting here.  i think i would be more productive composing today, but  i am stuck at not doing homework."
"just bought cubase 6, finale 2011, 8 gbs of ram, a 7200rpm scorpio black harddrive, windows 7 professional 64 bit, and reloading 10 vsti programs.  computer, you will not fail me now.  no excuses."
"i just did a running total of the costs i invested into software for my music endeavors, and it is approximately  $5,059.73.  that is nothing compared to the costs of higher education.  but i got to say that is still quite a lot.  surprisingly, i don't think there could have been a better investment."
"i will be releasing an orchestral cd called, f.a.s. or foundation of amazing sound.  it is also a play on words since i also have fas (fetal alcohol syndrome).this cd will hopefully be a serious accomplishment.  if you buy it, and you don't like, expect a full refund.  thanks."
i have decided the title of my ost soundtrack will be foundation of authentic sound.
"wow.  i am absolutely sick of waking up in 2 hours from sleeping to only realize i am scared.  scared of nothing.  well i can't get one fucking doctor to diagnosis me with fetal alcohol syndrome.  then i bet something happen during birth.  i have a syndrome like down syndrome where during meiosis there was an error during anuploidy, and then i suffered from this mutation!"
going to undergo exorcism and then all of my problems will go away.
bedroom door. $123. door lock. $23.  not being able to get into the bedroom while <propfirst> and <propfemale> have sex but asking them can i join.  priceless.
"i just went under a psychotic breakdown.  had a delusion and auditory hallucination coming from the bedroom.  it was delusion about <propfemale> and <propfirst> having sex.  i told <propfemale> and <propfirst>, and they said it wasn't a delusion.  it looks like i am cured."
i have developed a metallic and burning sensation in my mouth the last 2 weeks.  does anyone have any suggestions?
"1.) i was puking on the floor, and i transformed into a demon telling myself, ""kill yourself now! while an unknown male janitor was cleaning up my puke. 2-3.) a male demon and a female demon suffocated me while in my sleep.  i have 2 choices: death, or life as a janitor, and all of my problems will go away.  i am also going to see an exorcist to perform an exorcism on me because i am possessed by 3 demons."
i wonder if i am having bipolar relapse.  i will never work.
i wish i was a cat cause that way when i die i can kill myself 9 times.
i combined ambien and ativan both that depress the body.  i wonder if its like russian roulette.  i survived 3 times combining them and i have not sufficated yet.  i am literally superman.
i am still up.  i might last 24 hours today.
"devil = 1, jesus = 0.  i wonder if i can kill myself staying up, possible but unlikely."
well looks like the ativan 0.25 mg + ambien 2.5 mg did justice.  i ended up getting super high today after drunk driving from therapy session.  my mom had to take me home according to therapist.  24+ hours of nonsleep + gaba combo = impressive high.  i never felt so relaxed minus the incoherent slurs+driving impairments.  looking for weed now.
"""you die going to heaven, or live long enough to go to hell"" - spiderman"
"looking for legal ways to get high that is safe, and effective and doesn't cause rebound effect.  for how much i have failed at life, today i really didn't care because i got high off rx drugs.  problem is it impaired my breathing and driving, so it didn't work very well in that aspect?  any suggestions?"
"i mistaken the old police chief, <propfemale> florek from law & order: svu, with j.k. simmons from the closer.  if its not <propfemale> florek on the state farm commercials then it is j.k. simmons."
"wow! 2 straight days without insomnia.  its a new record.  i realized that i was a complete idiot to go back to school, and i was stupid to use the computer for hours on end.  avoid both = no problems = no relapse = no schizophrenic tendencies = sanity."
"why does this strange aching sensation along my teeth continue to hurt.  saw dentist a month ago with no problems with teeth, it seems to worse in the last 2 weeks."
"i drop my medications.  i drop out of school.  i drop my computer use.  i drop my supplements.  yet i am still suffering from insomnia.   i eliminated all external stressors.  what the fuck am i doing wrong?  ever since i stopped antipsychotics, i can no longer sleep naturally.  i could swear those  things did more harm than good."
how in the world did i mess up my sleep schedule so much.
"people people people.  change your lifestyle before ever going on antipsychotics!  they ruin your life.  i regret it and now insomnia is so severe i cannot sleep without it.  now that i try to make <propmale> lifestyle changes it has no effect.  if a thing in life is stressing you out, leave the situation rather than take these damn meds."
"well, i saw a psychiatrist at mayo clinic in rochester.  i couldn't convince him that i have fas, so i have decided to give up and move on.   now its time to prove to everyone that i have a mental retardation and it is causing my turmoils, so i am going to get an iq test."
"i was told to stopped the ambien, and i stopped the melatonin.  doc told me to try to go to sleep at 11:00 pm, and wake up at 7:00 am everyday.  it is 2:45 am, and i have been up since 5:30 am the previous morning.  i am likely going to be still up at 7:00 am.  if i can force myself to stay up 20 hrs,  i should hopefully fall asleep at 11:00 pm tonight.  hopefully."
"anxiety = steer clear from sabertooths, fear. bipolar disorder = crazy enough to <propfemale> fire to cave, creativity.  depression = respective to reset goals, introspective.  schizophrenia = maintain complex brain, intelligence.    from a living and breathing neanderthal."
"i finally actually slept one day without medication or supplements.  it took one day of torment.  since i participated in a schizophrenic study at the u of m today, i also noticed my anxiety was reduced, and i did not suffer any driving or eyesight impairments.  if i sleep well till monday, then i can start looking for a janitorial job."
"i woke up for some reason!  maybe it wasn't him. it might be all that water i am drinking.  i wonder how i am falling asleep so well by myself.  i woke up feeling really warm but not really anxious this time.  to bad for a job. hopefully, i can get back to sleep asap.  on a positive note i am currently converted back into a non believer.  the antichrist will never fail me, because he will always feed of my negativity"
"hi folks has anyone already taken an anthropology class?  if so, does anyone know about the cro magnon.  i know they are human, but i want to know why humans aren't called cro-magnon anymore if they are our prehistoric ancestors.  it might be associated with technology behavior and culture rather than physical features that sets us apart."
<propfemale> wants kids.  <propfirst> doesn't.  i see storms brewing.
"applying for subsidized housing, food stamps, and disability pt employment.  when there is a cro magnon will, there is a cro magnon way (to get by).  someone please help me with section 8 vouchers.  i don't understand it.  i think i have to apply for it."
"when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade because even that is to much work.~ cro magnon proverb excerpt 1.1.1"
"""for some reason no matter how much i pray to jesus christ, he doesn't seem to put more money in my bank and pay my bills.  well i guess its time to pray to croma - the cromagnon god.""- cro magnon proverb exerpt 1.1.2"
"""if a human can do it, a cro magnon can't do it.""cro magnon proverb excerpt 1.1.3"
<propfemale> orman says i cannot retire till i am 67.  i will pray for 43 more years to go by quickly that way i can retire.
worry less.  wish less. work less. equals. win.
"akathisia is starting again, which is really weird.  i am not on anything and i have not had it since january.  i wonder if it is because i drank 2 fruit shakes."
"i didn't realize this until now, but i have convinced myself that i have been taking crack-cocaine all of along.  i know this is an analogy but overtime i use the computer it is as overstimulating, addicting, as crack cocaine.  i pretty much targeted the culprit to my insomnia.  the problem is spending the rest of my life avoiding computer monitors."
i am still having akathisia today! wtf.
holy fuck.  i am 148.  i gained 10 lbs in a month. i am a fatass.  the cro magnon must lose weight.
holy fucking shit i am still up for some reason.  not sure what the hell is going on.
yeah bitch i beat you in subscribers.
"yeah, i am talking to you, you fucking faggot.  whoever contaminated my water bottle or food with antipsychotics is a fucking idiot.  i don't have akathisia today because i am not contaminated today.  and i gained all that fucking weight in a week because of your bullshit.  and now you made me suffer and i can't sleep again.  whoever you are whether it is family or friends, stop it! and don't you dare do it again."
manhopark = 1937 subscribers.  cheonhopark  = 1931 subscribers.  i love cheating!!! lmfao.
"need an interpretation.  excerpt to mom:mom i had an evil spirit dream again.  i was on my back yelling wake me up.  i was feeling grievance and sadness like someone has died when the spirit was hovering like black smoke.  it shape shifted into you, then dad and he woke me up.  i feel scared that's why i wanted to wake up."
"hah kyles doctor said we have autism.  we just have to get tested for it! assholes, i knew there was something physically wrong with me and you didn't believe me."
i bet i am a fetal alcoholic retarded cro magnon!
uhoh. i think i might of messed up my lower lumbar area of my spine.  ever since high school when i lifted weights i experienced painful sensations in my lower right side of my back.  now that i am starting an exercise program my back is in extreme pain especially when i have to bend my knees.
"i have come to full realization when it comes to growing up struggling with my own identity.i hate considering myself korean, american, korean-american, or even human.  but, i am proud to be a cro magnon."
"wow, 2 good nights of great sleep.  i think i know how to solve the problem.  it doesn't matter whether i like the job or hate the job.  but i realized i need a very physical intensive job.  i should go back to irrigation, landscaping or try something new like moving job, or a construction job, or railroad yardman job."
"fuck. insomnia again.  i accidently take a nap in the afternoon without realizing it and then suffer the consequences.  only 2 good days without frustrating insomnia.  don't want to rely on meds, so the more i think about it the more i ask myself if take a more laborious job would alleviate sleeping during the day."
"that boy you just called fat? well i am, so be it. that boy you just called stupid? you're wrong, i'm not boy, but cromagnon, so of course i am retarded. the boy you just called ugly? wrong. i'm not human, i'm cromagnon whose ugly. the boy you just tripped? well that's how i got an ugly face. there's a lot less people than you think. put this as your status if you're cromagnon."
i just killed my dogs by choking them to death.
"wow 3 decent nights of sleep, and then straight up insomnia.  can't seem to figure out what the problem is.  oddly enough, i probably should be physically exhausted after a hard days of work.not sure what the problem is."
damn brother woke me up from a text.  i am going to be up late tonight.  thanks.
"i have 26.8% body fat, and i need to reduce it down to 7%.  long way to go."
"oldboy.  first korean movie i ever saw.  all i can think is wow, i don't care if the music is good, but classical music during a fight scene?  very odd combination.  it simply does not work.  music in movies is suppose to set the mood, this simply does not achieve it.  and the dubbing is awful.  did i mention how jumbled this movie is?  not enough action."
funny convo
"thats weird, an autistic boy is on the todays show.  he looks normal, making eye contact, not fidgeting, seems to have no communication deficiency.  how the hell is he autistic?"
"fact: physical exercise improves visceral stamina.evidence:  i was watching my brother's girlfriend may zong taking a shit on her webcam, while eating fettucini and i did not puke."
"1. goal 1: figure out which genetic or neurological disorder i have, such as fas, <propfemale> de langes syndrome, or autism2. goal 2: become atheist so that way my demon dreams mean nothing.3. goal 3: get facial reconstruction so i can fit in within the hominid race!"
praise my life.  do not mourn my death.
"well that was pretty stupid.  people in my family were not supporting my endeavors to become a composer anymore, so i decided to invest time at becoming a tree cutter.  but some reason my finger slipped and hit the electrical pruning machine while it was running and the blood didn't stop."
"i recollect a comment posted on my youtube, ""i am a bit impressed with your resolve under pressure"""
omg lol will farrell just cut off conan's beard!
"thinking that there might be a world of opportunity.  maybe my improvisations, people might want to buy some sheets.  its a possibility.  id like to arrange some of my favorite rock bands like <propfemale> jam, disturbed, and system of a down, but i think i should respect the artists copyright."
"lol! finally, after 3 times failing the test to work at walmart inc, all i had to do was let my dad take the test, and i passed.  i ace my grades at school but cannot pass a customer service test.  goes to show how much i hate customer service."
potential job candidate at airport.  hoping for the best.
goal 1: play keyboard at minneapolis airport with a tip jar.
"asking for advice from anyone.  i am going to make a piano cd involving my melodies. however should i release a cd a. a live improvisational cd. b. edit my improvs and score sheets for it or c. score sheets for it, learn the sheets, and then use those for the cd."
"holy s**t.  internet in the library is going 230 kbs for download, while mine at home goes 40 kbs.  it is 5 times as fast.  amazing."
"i am watching tlc, thats when i saw a ripped 3 year old and now a 16 year old that doesn't age.  its interesting, she has that same shaped mouth as us.  it is very possible we have a undocumented congenital disorder which is why its so easy for a psychiatrist to just diagnose us with a mental illness when in reality it is something more than that.  it is releated to your phlegm problem."
"mastering is a life long process.  well looks like i will be doing this for a long time now.  i have piece ready since sunday, for mothers day, but wanted to get it hot using some mastering plugins.  hopefully to get it up next week."
"i am making a <propfemale> metal piano song similar to serj tankians music from system of a down.  it is strickly for piano and comes with lyrics, except i tried singing it and it sounds realy terrible cause i cannot sing at all. it will ruin the good piano arrangement. i am looking for a someone who is willing to sing it for this piece."
my last youtube composition will be available sometimes next week.
omg. i finally had a revelation.
"puhlease i am ill, puhlease i am ill, where is my seroquel?"
"omfg, this last youtube video is going to be awesome. i will probably get a lot of people saying what the f is wrong with you?  and i will pretty much say, everything, and call it a day."
"omg just read the translated letter from our birth sisters.  mom did not have a mental illness, and neither did our half sisters.  its true, i am a demon resurrected, that only explains my psychotic nature.  but thats okay, i realized i really am okay with it."
is it me or is facebook going really slow.  i have to refresh this stupid thing to get it to work.
"cheon ho park gets up at 11:00 am yesterday, loiters, lifts, and loiters, and finally shows up to work on the coop at 4:00 am, when i worked on it since 11 am yesterday.  today he doesn't even show up, instead, goes to bed late the day before, wakes up at 11 am, loiters, lifts, loiters, doesn't vaccum the house."
"it has been a very long time since i have been proud of my brother, he has finally made a decision that will give him a <propmale> to succeed in life, a <propmale> to unveil the burden he suffers from, a <propmale> to finally be happy.congrats,  your brother,<propfirst> balitz"
"so, i was painting a house, and stayed over there for 2 days without any computer use but i learned something, eyestrain, and nausea from riding in a car, has been complete reversed.  i am quiting music for good."
"for a few months i have been teasing my brother calling him a retard.  he always curls his hands in an awkward fetal position, like a <propfemale> rabbit.  and i say why do you do that you aren't retarded."
"i need a vote for my brother and my rap name: tra b (trabi, & ky b, or travie & <propfemale>, or travy b and <propfemale> b.  dont worry we will still keep our adhd (as a rock band name artist) but i am looking for a cool rap name,"
goodbye computer you are hurting my eyes.
hanging out with my sweetheart! <propfemale> thornbrough
"hanging out with <propfemale> thornbrough, my beautiful girlfriend on this lovely july 4th."
"<propfemale> thornbrough, you need to know, that i miss you so.  i am sorry for causing you pain, during conflicting strain.  i do hope, that you accept this note that i am sorry for the way i am, for that i am damned, but do not go, i miss you so."
"omfg this computer is giving me a headache.  screw it, just bought a new projector.  even if i need to do bids, that requires some computer work, scheduling ect.  damn you computer!!!  there are no ways around you, you  are always there.  can't even get this bid sheet started without severe eyestrain.  watch out folks paranoia might start happening!!!"
"lol! i tricked my gf by ignoring her calls and drove 1 hr to her workplace.  she had a look of surprise!  cute stuff.  she was so depressed, then thrilled to see me!  that is the heart of a cromagnon."
"it's a miracle.  new projector has not caused any eyestrain as of tonight and it works wonderfully.  spent my entire night without any eyestrain and i can work on my business proposal.  <propfemale> thornbrough i know you are anxious without me, but since i have no occurring eyestrain, i can work on your new song you wanted me to write."
working on song for <propfemale> thornbrough
"omg omg dad says watch your money omg omg i will go broke omg you wont get a <propfemale>.  seriously, i realized this for my entire life all my family does is make feel shameful of who i am.  they guilt trip me in my mental health problems, and my financial problems, and school problems. no wonder why i <propmale> up that rope and wanted to kill myself."
"problem: insomnia.  up since 2:00 am, and it is now 4:23 am."
"i am selling 150+ minutes worth of compositions / improvisations  for 7.00+ usd.  contains 2 cds with a total of 36 tracks from 2009 to 2010.  (2 dollars cover shipping and handling).  if you want a custom made track list, please email me and i can set it up for an additional 3.00 usds."
"in the past month i have only been able to sleep 5 hours and wake up.  i thought if i break from my gf, that it would help, but it hasn't.  wtf!   i can't seem to purposely get myself depressed, cause i think i seem to sleep better when i am depressed.  i want to see a full night sleep of 8 hrs.  what am i doing wrong!"
"i slept well!!!  only woke up once.  i have decided to sleep back in my cave, which is in the basement with not a lot of light.  maybe i need to sleep in dark places by myself cause i can sleep really well, and i feel good."
"just took an mmpi test, god damn that wore me out."
"what a bitch, this weather is way to damn hot to paint and test out my new tools.  not over 90 please, else i am just going to paint whether the paint says it cannot be over 90 or not."
"please help my best friend <propfirst> pechacek get a job as an orthotic technician!!! he only has 300 dollars in his account, and is desperately looking for money.  he is smart, has a bachelors of science degree, finished orthotic/prosthetic tech degrees and fininished orthotic prac, and will be finishing prosthetic prac by next summer.  hospital people give him the job!!!!"
help me please. i am in distress.
"drank one hard mikes, and had hot sex.  last time i put that combination together.  <propfemale> is right i am a depressed drunk.  never felt so depressed in my life.  i think i have alcohol poisoning.  had bad chills, became super depressed, had ton of mucous in my nose, now suffering from heat exhaustion.  i think its either mold in the bed that was in gazebo, or it was alcohol poisoning."
"sleep is really effed up again, great nap during the day, now wide awake at night.  i should have not used the computer tonight.  will i ever learn?  that is a 100% no."
"text to mom: ""so thats why i am kind of agreeing with <propfemale> and <propfemale> cuz its obvious that when i live with dad, i can get by being really lazy and i spend alot cuz i know dad will cover the stuff that really matters."
"omfg, i was so freaking physically sick today that i didn""t even attempt togo outside.  i have some virus btw.  but anyways, i do not have any problems with artifical light today, orange glow doesn""t hurt my eyes or stresses me out.  it just means that i was painting outside to much and wore sunglasses to long.  i must learn that ""do things in moderation"" is really what advice i have to give myself."
"say yes, if facebook should allow users to edit their comments if there might have been a mistake then deleting it all and reposting it."
finally feeling much better today.  not so queezy feeling.
"i am beginning to think that i still have traces of schizophrenia left in my body.  after that night of hot sex, alcohol use, and extreme exhaustion, it put my body into shock resulting in a stupor.  it seems to mean that dr. <propfirst> balitz has suffered from catatonia, in which the patient is unable to react well to external stimuli and is in a rigid stupor."
you stupid fucking behringer fader.  why are you not working!!!  you are causing me more eyestrain cause you are forcing me to watch tutorials in order to get you to work!!!  computer and projector is both giving me huge headache.  i give up tonight.  i thought when i bought you i can focus on your physical body then the stupid computer screen.  this midi controller is pissing me off.
"i never really realized it till now, but when i first started composing music in 2009 to 2011 there has been a huage change in my technique, formality/informality, and my inability to compose music.  but i still find a way to continue music.  bad habits never change."
"finally behringer is kinda working.  can't figure out some things, but very surprised, customer service actually was more helpful than youtube videos, it was the youtube video that screwed the connection up."
"wow. i received an unexpected visit at my moms house from <propfemale> thornbrough with a promise ring that says <propfirst> and <propfemale> forever, then she left a half hour later to go work."
"oh god, this computer eyestrain is killing me.  but i must fill out applications to find jobs near plymouth. its time to force it, until i end up hospitalized from psychosis"
this photophobia will only get worse
"i am strongly debating whether or not i should go see another eye surgeon.  eyes are hurting so much.  solution:  a. wear dark glasses 24/7.  b. wear dark glasses during the day, sleep outside to reduce pain related to artificial light c. do not wear any glasses at all, avoid going outdoors, and avoid bright things such as computers.  d. see more doctors to take my money with no additional advice."
"holy fucking shit.  i weigh 136.4 lbs right now, and on saturday i weighed 131.4.  how did i get so fucking fat.  call me mr fat man!"
note to north suburban eye specialist:
"lol.  i love how when i come home i have eyestrain, and regardless of what i do, if my eyes start working just a bit, i immediately sit on the couch, looking at my keyboard and then at my midi fader, and think <propfirst> why don't you get that working, rather than apply to jobs when i have about 120 dollars left in my bank account.  i love my logic!!!"
so bored that i have decided to post as many perverted responses as possible
homelessness or a fugative?
"effin btch i need a job in the plymouth area, that can deal with my social anxiety problems.  custodian job cant find."
"if i go back to music, its going to be strictly handwritten sheets for now on.  eyestrain pretty bad right now, the more i tense myself the more i can't recooperate.  krisztian szabo i will get you a handwritten <propfemale> piece up someday, handwritten, in the future.  back to old fashion techniques.  haven't actually practiced for a piece for awhile.  we will see if i can still remember how to remember sheets.  haven't worked off a written composition for awhile.  no improvs."
omfg i am 130.6 lbs.  i lost all that fat in my body.  now may zong can call me slightly-fat-almost-ripped-man
"hello does anyone have a audiotechnica at2020 microphone?  i am quite dissapointed it seems to be picking up a lot of excess noise, to lazy to put some compressors, on it, anyone have any tips?  i was expecting something clearn and crisp not distorted."
"wow, painting a room is taking a lot longer than expected.  business is currently going to flop if i don't speed things up.  maybe i shouldn't use a sprayer with an aircompressor.  it makes the room uniform though."
"omfg my eyes hurt so much.  i went to menards, not sure if it was sa, or watching television afterwords.  thats it i am doing insanity.  fuck this eyestrain."
"what a bitch, seems like if i do not exercise, i develop serious pressure in my eyes.  high impact exercises seems to relieve that tension.  so i am stuck doing it the rest of my life in order to combat my eyes from drying out."
"it seems that if my eyestrain + sa gets severe enough it may elicit an onset of a panic disorder, if consistent enough without treatment, panic turns into paranoia and distrust, thus a multitude of reactant events leads to full blow schizoaffective bipolar type disorder"
"i conducted that if social anxiety induces eyestrain.  if severe enough it can turn into a panic disorder.  if the panic disorder is not treated, it will cause distrust, and paranoia.  a multitude of paranoid events, has lead me to schizoaffective bipolar type disorder."
"it seems that if my eyestrain + sa gets severe enough it may elicit an onset of a panic disorder, if consistent enough without treatment, panic turns into paranoia and distrust, thus a multitude of reactant events leads to full blow schizoaffective bipolar type disorder"
"thats it. i am becoming a professional bum.  who wants to give me some old raggedy clothes, and a homeless satchel."
"goal: 1. work out. 2. compose a resonating new age sounding piece for krisztian szabo, haven't forgot about it yet, just finally have the time to do it."
"i suck hairy balls because i always have to ask <propfirst> <propfirst> balitz for computer problems and software, even though i know i could probably do it myself. but it's this eyestrain that puts me in pain and i complain about it vain. my disdain."
"screw it thought about posting a nother demo, making it into an actualy piece"
seriously why the hell am i havnig dreams about attractive <propfemale> women giving me inviting smirks in my dreams.  its twice i have them and yet can't figure out what the fuck they mean?!  wishful thinking?  is it because i spoke spanish to <propfirst>.
"realization, eyes only hurt when i wear sunglasses and go outside in the bright sunlight, or go on computer.  there is more relief, sitting in a dark room with no artificial lights.  i was going psychotic cause i was going into the sunlight.  this tells me i need a graveyard shift."
"wow <propfirst> draiman of disturbed (now on hiatus) has a net worth of 30 million while serj tankian (system of a down, hiatus. and serj tankian) is only worth 18 million.  go figure.  i have always assumed that serj tankian was much more a business man than <propfirst> draiman.  i am incredibly asthonished by it actually."
"<propfirst> nguyen i got an awesome beat, working on a rap for it, asking for your participation, one where you rap the entire thing, another where you actaullly sing a verse as i feature you.  mama said that if i say it she understands me better. so i may go with the later.  like comment, and let me know if you are interested so i can send you the demo, it will be edited later and stuf."
"oh god having weird unpleasant feeling dreams again where i wake up in strange patterns, probably cuz of computer.  when i dream.  i want consistency.  not some dreams that revolve around disorganization, fear, and anxiety.  now i am up at a 4.00 am with insomnia again, computer triggered it.  mixed dream involving gf, <propfemale>, father, kids, endless falling, fear, and anxiety vs a dream about a structured unknown <propfemale> woman.  i rather take the second dream tahnk you very much."
"wow eyestrain is effing killing me today.  why is it everywhere i turn my eyes feel like the muscles are twisting itself!!!  either i like putting myself in misery, or misery chooses me.  this passion for music is a love hate relationship.  no matter how much i want to persists in it eyestrain fights back, telling me to just give up at everything you do, then you won't have any problems.  i might just give up everything for it.  pretty much have."
"wow eyestrain was terrible the last 2 days.  still thinking its the computer use.  next week gonna try to stay at may zong house for one week with no computer, television, stay in doors, just a keyboard and paper and pencil.  if eyestrain persists then i know its the keyboard.  i think overworking composing maybe is causing my inability to reach a deep sleep, kind of like when i was at school suffering to long with sa."
"it seems that painting itself is the problem as well as sensitivity to light (computers) and overstimulation when composing music.   exposed to sa at state fair.  seems that i am more socially anxious when i am forced to sit with people in a bus, then a large nonintimate crowd at state fair.  going back to weights for a week, no computers no paint."
"sellin all of my paint shit.  the spackle and paint is dryin my eyes out.  dont think i ever been in so much eyestrain pain, until i stopped.  business will not work out for sure.  avoid computers, paint, driving, people, bright lights, outdoors.  i think i am ready to be a responsible adult that will make a great living. not."
"brain just grew 20% larger.  realized that social anxiety & eyestrain & motion sickness is induced by boring occupations & girlfriend & especial computer and keyboard use.  i have decided to quite everything and leave as i become a bum on the streets where i cannot go back to a computer, a piano keyboard, girlfriend, and a boring occupation.  strongly considering selling my 2000$ painting stuff, my 11,000$ composing software + computer stuff just to compensate."
"new discovery.  brain just grew 30% larger.  i just learned that i sleep better not with a girlfriend, but a 11 year old boy that i have been sleeping with the past 4 days."
"thinking about using a nother label for my rap/band name calling it travist play on word travesty cause i have a few bolts loose in my head thought it would work perfect meopinion would people think it says <propfirst> t or travesty or would <propfirst>.t  or <propfirst>-t would be better need opinions quick!!!!!"
"omfgo i don""t feel irritable.  music is like an addiction to cocaine the only satisfaction i get is satisfaction itself else i am miserable.  i am quitting everything just because i am more stable....  i cause my own misery... someone please like and agree.  if i dont do it i get anxious and annoyed.. fuck it i am working out ."
"well since composing is just too time consuming and gets me way to high thus i crash, i have decided to keep my travesty account with travesty poetry corner, videos narrating some of my poems/ to be songs.  think i might memorize a few and post them on facebook.  i really wish to make them into songs but i gotta make due with my limitations."
"i am in dire need of a wise music trainer/assistant as soon as possible, who's willing to work with me to develop my music.  i am so sick of this eyestrain.  that even if i attempt to get away from it, i am stuck in the house doing nothing bored, and now i am forcing myself to get a job which is stressing me out"
"for how much i hate, hate, hate composing by hand, its no where near as detrimental from eyestrain suffering from nausea, sensitivity to light, onset paranoia and anxiety, i am so glad to be me."
"well seems to me that i am scoring piano compositions again by hand, and the more i do it the more it isn't so bad.  i am <propmale> uncomfortable going this route but seems if i want to make the big bucks, i need to perform my compositions.  and i kind of dread that part cause i don't like performing and i really don't like too much recognition, then i might actually really have to start worrying about being extra perverted on facebook, or not."
"unemplyment rate for black americans 16.7%.  unemployment rate for socially anxious cromagnons, 100.0%"
omg  i really am better of a lonely man~~~
"i will base the rest of my life with tests, comparisions, postives vs negatives, else i jump into things and realize i don't enjoy it, can't handle it, don't see the benefit ect."
"approximately 97% of respondents have a lower neuroticism raw percentage than yours. based on your responses, you come across as someone who can find it hard to not get caught up by anxious or stressful situations. you might say that you are in touch with your own feelings.this is why i am anxious people!!!!"
"slightly empathicyour score (12 out of 80) suggests that you are slightly empathic (higher than 0.8% of others).  people low in eq can have difficulty understanding the subtle rules and conventions of social situations, but may be able to cope better in an emotionally charged situation. the chart shows your eq score compared to people of each gender. larger bars represent being more empathic."
hi
confused.  i live life spontaneously to others?  i like plans.  so something messed up with this test.
"god is telling me that i am a composer.  he is telling me that i compose music.  he wants me to compose music for the rest of my life.  but if i know for a fact that is what he wants, why does it bring so much misery?  why has he limited my ability to compose?   i honestly don't care about anything else, so why is that?  that is my one question for him.  i do not get it."
http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/sex/index_cookie.shtml
"fun test to determine if you have a male or female brainhttp://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/sex/index_cookie.shtml"
"weird, whenever i turn on tv, i rather watch fitness infomercials rather than tv, though i have seen it many times.  of everything that life throws at me, the thing that i can stabilize with is working out.  other than that my life is a mess, whether that is work, career, school, music, fitness is the only thing that i feel works for me."
"1. fact:  my music endevours have been inducing eyestrain, thus antagonizing sleep deprivation which has led to excessive anxiety and panic attacks.  2. fact: no matter how much satisfaction for my passion for music makes me, i am often feel very miserable later.  3. fact:  if i want to be independent, its best i focus on being stable, rather than being happy."
"you effing composing addiction look at what you made me do with my life!!!  you gave me eyestrain and stressin me out.   you stress me out when i avoid you,  you stress me out when i play you.  you made me spend too much money on you, you made me disabled.  can't you just let me get rid of you???"
"i am pretty bored lately, can't compose music this late, can't watch tv, finished homework, can't read my books cause they aren't here, else i will get eyestrain.  looks like i am going to sleep to music."
"i realized that after taking a nap there are really only 2 things i care about in my life. 1. composing music and 2. working out.  although i am looking for an honest living, the fact that my eyestrain is so relative to music (so i still think), and 2 working out is something that i do just to keep fit, these must be limited."
"lol i can't help but notice a comment on my youtube: haha yuor crazy!!? d: and then i check his profile, and he says i have fetal alcohol syndrome.  i only say that cause i thought  that i had it for the longest period of time, and i only say this cause i could swear when i look up fas before i saw that same photo up online, seems fake to me."
"what an effin bitch, this is either mania or just i am simply not tired, took a 2 hr nap then cant force it to sleep ."
weird still up whats going on today
"wth.  lately, eyestrain has gotten better, i think due to avoidance to computers and outta house more.  but when i eat food filled with a lot of starch i get very tired."
