63
c125b54a3d0931c9088487082c8dcb3a
21
-
loves the sun!!!
found a new love in her life!! <propfemale> bugles!!!!  thanks <propfirst> <propfemale>!! lol!
is sooo happy the weekend is almost here!!! i'm excited for pizza night!!
yay!!! the sun is out!!! :-)
happy fathers day to all the daddys out there!!! that includes you <propfemale>!! :-)
loves the sun!!!
is soooo excited!!!
"alert!!!! * do not request to add: '<propfemale> colac' and '<propmale> spitzner'. these are hackers. so tell all on your wall. if someone adds them they earn your contacts, empty computer and addresses. so copy and paste this text on your wall * facebook viru"
needs coffee!!!
-for mafia wars- does anyone have an extra <propfemale> ring they could send me? i will send a gift back!! thank you!!!
"fan check is not a virus!!! this was on snopes.com fact 1: the fan check application is not a virus. it does, however, mess up your 'wall' and other parts of facebook - not by destroying information, but because it doesn't work properly your wall and other parts of facebook wont display correctly. it doesn't do any damage itself."
yay!! our leb open golf tournament is today!!!
urgent!! apparantly the fan check application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in. even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you. please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application asap. copy and paste this
burrrrrrrr! it's cold!! keep the coffee coming!
wants to say thanks for all my birthday wishes!! =)
"the all wise, great, and powerful <propfemale> just told me that i'm easily side-tracked.... hum...lol!"
"""you don't have to be <propmale> to be my girl.  you don't have to be cool to rule my world.  ain't no particular sign i'm more compatible with.  i just want your extra time, and your kiss.""  i love <propmale>!!"
got the turkey in the oven!! i can't wait to eat!! yay!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
"some of my friends have been hacked recently. so just to be safe if there are any postings, or inbox messages from me with links attached don't open them, because i don't post those type of things, and it's not me."
"ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..... nypd pizza, and beer!"
i hurt so good!
had a wonderful day baking with my little sister!  thanks aunt <propfemale> for saving us from  cookie maddness!  everyone have a <propfemale> christmas! :-)
ah! check one off of the wedding planning list!! on to the next thing down!
is off to the gym!
black
had a great time last night!!  the birthday bash was awesome!
good morning monday!! oh coffee pot why did you have to break!?!
good morning everyone!!  i hope you all have a wonderful friday!
whats for dinner?
"dear jalapenos,i love you! you were the best part of my nachos! thank you so much for your spicy goodness!love, me"
think of someone you know or love who has ms. my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it? just one hour. do it for all of us. there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it. i hope to see this in the status of all my friends.
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 7th-13th, 2011, i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms). i pray that in 2011 a cure will be found. post it just for one hour. do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting ms."
<propfemale> hatfield jorgensen and <propfemale> hatfield <propfirst> you are the best sister in laws ever!!  i love you guys!  you crack me up!  ~hugs~
"the girl you just called fat, she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs. the boy you just called stupid, he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night. the girl you just called ugly, she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her.the boy you just tripped, he is abused enough at home.there's a lot more to people than you think. put this as your status if you are against bullying."
needs a nap!!
is wishing i were still asleep!! grrrr!!!
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour. i know the ones who will!! think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer. my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all. there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting. i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends. just for an hour. thanks
is switching back and forth between the yankees/red sox game and the masters!! today is going to be a great day!! :)
"""i'm too sexy for your partytoo sexy for your partyno way i'm disco dancing"""
"people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many. there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face. 93% of people won't re-post this. why? because they probably need a punch in the face. please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face."
"all my fb friends, in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 9. i did and so have several others. if you will and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb!!!"
loves sunday mornings!
mom is coming in from 'sconsin today!
"p-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (mum mum mum mah) p-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (mum mum mum mah) can't read my, can't read my no he can't read my poker face"
noooooo!!  the boot is back!!  i'm sad! :(
is  enjoying the birthday http://apps.facebook.com/bdayecards/viewcard/22395733?src=s
"just bought  a ton of ornaments, and none of them came with hooks! wtf!?! so i decided to tie them on the tree with christmas gift ribbon. a huge task! luckly i have the cutest hubby who's willing to help!"
"facebook is at it again...violating your personal information: as of today, there is a new privacy setting called ""instant personalization"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to ""allow."" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck ""allow"". please copy & repost"
"ummmmmm........samon, and coffee!!  the breakfast of champions!"
dear mr dunford-  thank you for baking the most awesome doughnuts in the world!  it mixes well with my coffee!
"loves, loves, loves cinnamon bears!! =)"
doesn't have a good poker-face!
"thought of you today with love, but that is nothing new... i thought of you yesterday and the days before that too. i think of you in silence and often speak your name. all i have are memories and a picture in a frame. your memory is a keepsake, with which i`ll never part. god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart.. repost if you have a loved one in heaven."
does anyone know where i can find cute flower girl/junior bridesmaid dresses that don't look like something a 16 year old would wear to the prom?
seriously- does anyone want to trade me their left foot for mine?
~yawn~ is it friday yet!?!
had an awesome night last night!  thanks everyone for coming! =)  i can't wait to see pics! lol!
up up down down left right left right b a start
"is totally pretending that my broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots is really a big juicy smash burger with mushrooms, and fries!"
"forgot my cell phone/coffee cup this morning, and snowing, but hey on the plus side at least i remembered my gym bag!"
87 more days!!  the count down is on!!!  lol!
loves lifetime movies!
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school. we no longer do that for...fear... of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
finally got the whole house cleaned!
"congrats kody moody, and <propfemale> havlik!  i can't wait for my little niece to come in april!"
does anyone know of a good bar that does karaoke on the weekend?
wow!!  it has been such a fun weekend!  i enjoyed every second of it!  there is nothing better than being around those i love!  thank you everyone! =)
just decided that i need to make some hootenanny for breakfast next weekend! i was just thinking about having it for breakfast with my extended family when i was little. i miss you guys!
"wealth is never measured by what you have, but by what you can give away. you are <propmale> with money when you can afford to donate. you are <propmale> with love when you can give love freely. you are <propmale> with god when you can behold your enemy with compassion."
happy mothers day to all of you beautiful moms!
congratulations to my little brother <propmale> moody for graduating from the airforce today!! =)
"some people say the glass is half full, while others say it is half empty. i say i need more coffee."
urg!!  christmas music is already being played on the radio!!  are ya kidding me!?!
= plant killer!
another plant bites the dust!  that makes 4 plants that i've successfully managed to kill this year!  i so do not have a green thumb!
"""bang bang bang on the door baby! knock a little louder baby!bang bang bang on the door baby! i can't hear you!"""
well it's official the name is changed on facebook! lol!
is rocking out to some creedence clear water revival!  yeah that's right!
"wow!!  i feel sooo old!  i hate being called ""mam"""
"""they say i'm crazy but i have a good time i'm just looking for clues at the scene of the crime life's been good to me so far"""
"has the best family, and friends in the world!  i'm truely blessed to have you all in my life! =)"
"dear coffee,thank you for making my mornings super great!  i couldn't do it without you! love me!"
wishes i could be outside playing in the rain! =)
good morning monday! went to leave for work and my car wouldn't start. hopefully today will get better. =)
"is so excited!! i feel so lucky, and blessed to be able to marry my best friend tomorrow! =)  i also want to thank all our family, and friends for your love, help, and support.  we love you guys!"
one more month! =)
"day 3, and still going strong!! =)"
had an awesome night! good food and even better company! thank you <propfemale>! tonight was just what i needed!
day one!  i can do this!
well i've made it through day one of not smoking!  bring on day two!  night all!
"this is i love my sister week. if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped yourtears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on, and kept you strong. sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! re-post if you have an amazing sister!!!!"
"i like it on the chair, counter, but it usually ends up on the banister, or the floor."
is a popcicle!
"cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends...no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins! repost if you have cousins that make you smile and that you love with all your heart. ?"
go twins!!  beat the shit out of those yankees!!
"wants to know when did jolly rancher decide to remove tropical punch from the ""original flavors"" and add blue raspberry?"
"the count down is on!!  12 more days until thanksgiving, and <propfemale>'s yummy sweet potatoes!! i can't wait!!"
"""we can dance if we want to.we can leave your friends behind.cause' your friend don't dance,and if they don't dance, well they'reno friends of mine."""
"so let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage. <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all"
"there is no limit to love's forbearance, to its trust, its hope, its power to endure."
thank you everyone for all my birthday wishes!!  i had an awesome day!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! enjoy your loved ones!
"dear jims restaurant, thank you for making me an awesome mushroom, and avocado omelette, hash browns, and scone!  also thank you for allowing me to do take out so i could come back to work and eat my feast! you guys are awesome!love,me"
"really, really wants a grape soda!"
"so what happens when the american people are taken ""hostage""? you shoot the hostage. yep that sounds about right."
beer
wants to go on a dandy!  who's coming with me!?!
