598
01530624766b3be63c7709c6581c335d
32
-
"i never expected to be mothering one of <propfemale>'s kits. the responsibility is stifling. i can't even concentrate on getting better anymore. i just have to feed and keep warm this poor deformed creature. it is against what i believe to let it live, but it is against what i believe to just let it die. i'm not sure what i am getting out of this."
i hate being sick. i swear that my body hates me. i couldn't last a month without coming down with something. maybe this is the sign of a decline. maybe i'll slowly go crazy. i already feel stupid enough.
"as a veil removes itself from my face, i can breathe at last. i am starting to function again. i wonder what this means."
"do you have a favorite condiment? if so, what is a wierdest thing you put it on? i eat sourcream with meatloaf and mustard on my hashbrowns."
"the life of a writer has never seemed so stifling. i have so many ideas. so little time. i hate the fact that there is something i could lose and have it never be the same again. it is best when i write down the ideas exactly as i make them, but it seems like my words are all scattered. especially around them."
"i know that i have changed, but does that mean i have to readjust my beliefs? i feel like there is nothing for me to justify however, so where do i start? i'm tired of avoiding the cracks. it's time to improve that sidewalk."
"i hope that i did enough of my homework last night. i seriously couldn't remember all that was supposed to do, but i got my world geography, my biology, my english, and my geometry homework done. i mean, how many other assignments could i have possibly had. i guess, i'll find out. *gulp*"
"what do you do when you have nothing but time? the long interrupted hours seem suffocating, but then again, i am freer than ever. maybe there is much that i can accomplish, if only i would stop staring at the wall with my head as blank as white paint."
nothing but blankness apparently =.=
nothing is better in this world than a plate covered in pancakes.
"let's make the world blank, and then watch as it slowly destroys itself again."
forget about the mad hatter. i should have been the rabbit. i'm late! 0.0
"facing the world seems like a good choice for today. putting my best face forward, i step out the door, ready to rock a view people's worlds with my prescense. ^^"
"what isn't on my mind at the moment? i wonder, while i watch as another day passes."
invalid. again. *coughs*
"getting things back into gear. wow, i do a lot of work ^^; but soup makes it all better!"
"d: it's only been a week, and i have already come down with something again. i want to go to school!!!!"
what am i supposed to say when my thoughts race as frantically as my pulse? *soft smile*
"if love is considered a currency then, yes plz :d"
*hums* today is going to be a good day. i can tell :3
"why am i tired of music? why is my body so weak? why are my thoughts disappearing? at this rate, i'll die in a week."
music's coming back. maybe i can handle the rest.
"worst luck won't happen, if i just remove it. wahaha :d"
"look, just rock this boat so that it can tip over. that way i can finally drown."
it's so nice out outside. can't wait to start walking around.
"another day with weary bones, but somehow i can get myself to smile. maybe i'm just a hopeless cause, but at least, i can still share some warmth."
"kodocha is my anime addiction. skip beat! my manga addiction. <propmale> really doesn't make the world always a safe place. need more!!! happy b-day ms. <propfemale>, my trouble-making baby sis :d love ya!"
"""i don't mind it. still don't mind at all. it's like you're the swing set. i'm the kid that falls."" *i don't believe you - pink"
"ah! the weekend of the musical. everything seems way too good. happy b-day, <propfemale> cardot. :d i'll be seeing you later. lol. talking to someone who doesn't even have a facebook account. nice!"
"i just can't pretend to sleep anymore. today is a day where it seems i have everything...yet i am still missing something...the thing i don't think that i ever could have, yet i'm irrevocably consumed. i really hate having to feel, especially for you. i sorely lack as a person. is that something bad?"
"i'm so angry and helpless at the same time. you don't even seem to know what you did, having toyed with what i had thought to have been long forgotten. now, i have no choice but to bear the onslaught of emotions you brought."
"""you know what? i'm frusterated with this. can't bear to think about the taste of your lips. it's sin, making me want all of you, hoping you'll long for me too."" made to resist - written by: me :)"
f <thenunnery>
"i hate/love to write, and with around 4 to 5 papers to do, i wonder why i'm so ""lucky."""
"i'm falling, and i know that i should stop.  but, but flying seems impossible when i've never sprouted wings. an angel i am not, and no angel's  there to save me."
"""all you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me. hold me close, don't ever let me go."" more than words - extreme"
don't care what anyone may say. ozzy osbourne is a beast!
"""i would do it. i would kiss a frog. i would kiss a hundred frogs if i could marry a <propmale> and be a <propmale>ss."""
"""i can't believe the <propmale> has a younger brother. now, how old are you."" ""six and a half."" ""well, i've waited this long!"""
i successfully worked out how to use sms for facebook. yay! things made easier. :3
importance of being <propmale> = serious inbreeding.
"sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings. if this stands for one hour without your brother(s) and/or sister(s) protesting, it is so."
"""had the notion that you'd make me change my ways, and the bad habits would be gone in a matter of days. had the feeling that you'd open up my eyes to a whole new world that has since then been disguised."""
em and i are going to make amazing rice balls! üü
foreign language fair awesomeness :d ohmm....
it looks like today features cannibalism...*sighs* it's not that it bothers me. it just reminded me of something else. will the scars ever leave?
reading 'paradise lost' by <propfirst> <propmale>
you can't have none of this applicious popsicle. yum :3 apples!
blueberry >.<
"projects always make me feel really nervous. well, here goes nothing."
"""why, i am sure, if he forfeit, thou wilt not take his flesh. what's that good for."""
"mwahaha! ""skipbeat!"" volume 13 shall be mine! em and i shall be eating some good grub. :3"
"wow! bitchy cashier lady at the bookstore. i'm sorry you had a bad day, but it was no reason to ruin mine. it's called caring about the customer."
i love me some octopus.
waiting for what you want is so hard. >.<
watching ghost adventures. i want to hunt ghosts!
"the correct plural form of the word 'octopus,' is 'octopods' not 'octopi.'"
feel highly successful. my ap book report is the bomb....maybe?
"with the invention of the wii, battery sales must have had quite an increase. ""come on, my handy-dandy remote. i don't have the funds for this.""  >.< grr"
"a similarity between my sister, <propfemale>, and i has finally been found. it's called a <propfemale>. lol. :d"
8 oz of popcorn = two huge bowls o.o how can i possibly eat all this?
"""i don't care what you say. i don't care what you see. all i know's that inside there is space to bleed, and i don't ask forgiveness cause that just isn't me. but i stand here before you, and i think you understand."""
"something in me's churning, burning, turning. there and always yearning."
life wouldn't be the same without my sisters. >.< egh. still haven't gotten my book.
happens everytime. =.= jerk. you make me hate listening to music cuz i hate the shit you listen to 24/7.
i'm not sure what to think. do you even care anymore? do i even still matter to you?
i jumped on a phone in a hole because that's the  way i roll.
"somehow, i knew you'd betray me. doesn't stop the hurt as i know that it will all happen again."
"okay cuz i hate those peepz who have to keep complaining to facebook every five minutes about the same problem, i will be posting my last status of the night. promise. :) so here it is:"
"i can't pretend i'm okay when i am nothing but completely shocked and broken. it's like a piece of me has finally died, tired of continually trying to catch its breath. the sad thing is...we both caused it, and i wonder when that piece died in you. did you even notice? there's no point hiding my tears."
"it seems like my book is all i have left to make this break amazing. please, come in the mail today. :3 *watches for mail truck through the window like a dog eagerly awaiting for its master to return.*"
"excited cuz i finally bought that <propfemale> lopez cd that i had always wanted as a child. it has a lot of songs that i know and like. also has some different ones that are either likable, okay, or boringly repetitive. i, however, love this new one (to me) called ""ain't it funny."""
"""ain't it funny how some feelings you just can't deny, and you can't move on even though you try? ain't it strange when you're feeling things you shouldn't feel?"""
"grr. i hate how other people clean. at least, i pay attention to what i throw in the garbage which, by the way, is not someone's birth certificate!!!"
"well, i can already tell that today is going to be great. woke up at 2:30 in the afternoon and had a glass container of salsa drop on my head from the top of the fridge =.= yay, braindamage!"
"yo facebook, where are my photos? cuz i ain't seeing them and i've been sending them to you for the past three days! still no sign of the tea party pics :'("
"the ipod challenge - asking my ipod's shuffle feature questions such as:  ""ipod, will i ever get married?"" ipod says, ""myspace girl - the afters"" o.o damn. looks like i'm meeting my husband on myspace. weird =.= anyways, like this status, and i'll ask my ipod what it thinks of you. feel free to comment questions to ask a s well. fun fun."
"""talking about the dream like the dream is over. talk like that won't get you nowhere. everybody's trusting in their heart like the heart don't lie."" all i need - matchbox twenty"
"these pain pills are epicly failing at their job. i look like crap, i feel like crap, and therefore, must be crap."
"yea, i eat my emotions. it's a lot easier than actually having to think about how i feel. plus, food is really yummy :3"
"skip-beat! volume 13, i order you to show up in my mailbox right now!!!"
"ipod challenge #2 - and this time it's all about ur pants! using your ipod on shuffle, write down the titles of the first 18 songs. then, finish each song title with the phrase 'in my pants' and see what you get, posting your results via facebook! feel free to tag others into taking the challenge. mwahaha!"
"i guess, i should be happy that you really are a great man...i guess. excuse me, that's just the sound of my longing, the frantic beat of my heart. she really is quite lucky."
i hate how when i close my eyes i hope i dream of you.
"brrgh, it's cold. where's my pants?"
the dinner debates! every night at my house. topic: your mom can never cook anything right!
i should never have to apologize for how i feel. i'm just sorry that you assumed that i was looking for you to agree with my opinions. it's called being open-minded and respecting what another person has to say. how sad this world is...
"is it possible to love someone and not even know it? god, i'm such a bitch, but this is a different kind of love. i just don't want to see you go, yet i know you deserve better. why am i so selfish?"
"no, mr.twinkles, i don't want you following me to school. =.="
"i couldn't even look at you. you make me so nervous. it's so right, yet very wrong."
i give up. my house isn't the place to do act prep. no one but me fucking cares.
"drowned all my responsibilities out by playing ape escape. i love it! it's been a while, but i'm kicking some serious video game butt. i want to have the option of monkey soccer again :3"
"it's friday, and it's so beautiful :)"
the word of the day is 'rudesby.' :d
ahh! my head is completely empty right now. think it's time to sleep. i miss you ape escape 2 :( see ya soon.
"why do i feel that i could become addicted to you, like a drug, if given the <propmale>?"
"""can you hear the sound? rain is falling down as the thunder cracks. i just can't relax because i know that it will end to be never seen again. i just close my eyes for dreams that will never come."""
"""real men just laugh."" xd omg. i love this show."
there are really no words to explain it. i'm just a hopeless cause.
"yes, i believe empty is the right word for it. after all, it's been the right word for quite some time now."
"""meet me halfway, right at the borderline. that's where i'm gonna wait for you. i'll be looking out night and day. took my heart to the limit, and this is where i stay. i can't go any further than this. i want you so bad. it's my only wish. oh, i can't go any further than this. i want you so bad. it's my only wish..."""
just be a good boy and throw the  yogurt cup away ;) k?
jealousy is a really scary thing o.o especially for someone who has no right whatsoever to feel possessive.
"""you're so hypnotizing. could you be the devil? could you be an angel? your touch magnetizing. feels like i am floating. leaves my body glowing. they say, 'be afraid.' you're not like the others, futuristic lover. different dna."""
why do they insist sleeping with the window open? :( i couldn't sleep at all and don't want to leave the little warmth of my covers >.<
"i'm a player, and if you don't like that, don't roll my way. i'm only here for the fun. :3"
i don't think you're ever far from my thoughts...
"""i'll reach out if only you touch back. when i push you, i need you to fight back. i'll have hope if only we prove that, despite all the odds, we can make it, despite all our fears, we won't fake it. if i offered my heart, would you take it?"" desperation - <propfemale> (aka: me)"
"dear borders, i'm honestly starting to feel like i'll never get my book. almost 3 weeks :("
i shall never use a fork again! mwahahaha :d
so pathetic. all i want to do is make you happy. >.<
"blue, purple, or orange? not sure which to choose...hmm"
"decisions, decisions, decisions. what the hell am i doing?"
"""i'm tired. tired of playing the game. ain't it a freaking shame. i'm so tired."""
since when have i become something  i'm not? i'm currently very scared of life.
!?!el pulpo!?!?!?adonde?!?
"there's more to a person than what meets the eye, and that's not always a good thing."
"it's like a slap in my face, a jolt to my bloodstream, an onset of hyperventilation. am i supposed to give this up? it's frustration i can't bear."
mmm. cold coffee.
wonder what summer theater will be about...
"""touching on my"" - 3oh!3"
"well, auditions were fun :3"
can't stop sleeping. oh noes.
just once i'd like to make a decision and have everyone else just mind their own fucking business. =.=
"drown, drown, drowning and no i can't handle this cuz the only way out is to swim. to swim like everyone else for no reason."
furry walls - aldous snow
"""i remember years ago someone told me i should take caution when it comes to love. i did."""
uhoh. knew that i was forgetting somethin. yay! school's going to suck today. dx
ah üü naptime. my favorite time of the day. it's when i just forget everything.
"there's something that i have with you that i couldn't  have found anywhere else, and i think 'maybe i was always supposed to love you.' i guess, my heart just missed the memo. sorry."
"i'm like really hungry but too lazy to want to make myself food. where's a live-in chef when you need? yo, mom make me some mac+cheese. :3"
you and i wake up  in a psychiatric <propmale>. what are the four words you say to me?
"18 is a scary number that i have found myself being unable to get out of my head for the past month. 18, 18, 18. damn, will i really be that old soon? -drowning"
"i know you want me baby. i think i want you too. ""i think i love you baby.""  i think i love you too."
"and now, i can't stop smiling. geez. x)"
i'm starting to think that maybe things are all okay.
"it bothers me, and i know it shouldn't. but, why don't you just tell me about these things? we are supposed to be friends, right? are you trying to make me jealous? how do i even know who you are if you keep leaving things out? grr. i hate what you do, but i know that i treat you the same. is this what this is all about? grr."
"i love my daddy, and i want him always to know it. :)"
"""when you're out in the club, don't think i'm not, and when you're out making love, don't think i'm not. you're feeling good in somebody's spot, getting hot. don't stop. just don't think i'm not cuz i'm getting mine."""
bacon!!!
ah! house of horrors today. who knew laundry could be such a hassle.
i'm so tired xd wake up already!
me + purses = failure
"i just saw a commercial advertising burger <propmale>'s ""new and improved"" chicken tenders, and i swear that they look just like chicken mcnuggets from mcdonald's. i'm sorry burger <propmale>, but even though you are totally better than <propfirst> d's, i'm not sure how this new advertisement will pan out. i know one thing though. i want some!!!!"
"happy easter to all my homies, peeps, and pimps :d"
"dear people of facebook, i would really like your opinion on a matter. if you could please spare some time and choose which of these poem titles you like best. thank you. the titles are: ""behind this grin"" ""the delusional murder"" ""it's snowing"" ""buried alive"" or ""the voodoo doll."" your help would be much appreciated. thank you :)"
"i remember when i wasn't able to keep my shiny stuff out for fear that my cat would steal it...life isn't quite the same without autumn. she was a one of a kind feline, and even though i guess that every animal is probably one of a kind (i mean, look at mr. twinkles), she definately made quite an impact. she was like my first baby. in fact, i often called her my autumn baby. :3"
i might just start waking up this early everyday. it's great not to feel the rush of being late. i'm ready to beast some tests ;)
"how terrible that i could feel like i would cry. i miss your eyes, and your name makes me cringe. guess, it can't be helped."
yo <propfemale> flory and <propfemale> flory. r u two excited or what?! one more day lol :)
"if my book is in the mail tomorrow, it would be a birthday miracle. x) lol"
"life is not a fairytale. there is no such thing as a happy ending. i've seen this, watched you hurt. why am i here? why was i born? there is always so much work"
i'm going to get aids in the mouth from icecream. oh wells üü today was fun :d
thanks to all those who wished me a happy birthday. made me turning 18 totally facebook official. :)
covered in cake batter >.< and my hands are numb. what a wonderful day! i had cabbage rolls!
"i'm a human with no soul, wondering how long it can last."
<propfemale> doesn't like my penis >.>
had an awesome party yesterday :3 too bad i have to clean up the mess today >.< got to get ready for prom as well.  thank you to all those who came last night!
"""don't you know? so many things they come and go. like your words that once rang true, just like the love i thought i found in you..."""
"when does the aching stop? maybe i made a mistake, but prom was totally great as my body swayed to the beat. i won the first doorprize. mwahaha."
truth is??
geez today is just terrible.
i really want to know if i am on your mind as much as you are on mine. i hope that it's not one of those things that i'll never know.
land of the lost is amazing! *sings* :d
word of the day: thug. in reference to 'thugging it out.' in reference to 'drinking dixon's water.'
finished my animoto. have been working on it since school got out. <propfemale> better appreciate those vid clips that were such a pain in the butt to put in.
currently wishing that i had more guts. damn...
"""i'm not annoying. i'm cute and sexy. ;)"" -<propfirst> mayo, 12 years old"
"i'd hoped that you would know better than to play with fire. despite that it's warmth may draw you in, there is nothing to be gained but burns. man shouldn't touch what shouldn't be touched."
">.< if that wasn't a headache. geez, why do geniuses have such faulty memories?"
"if eyes are really the windows of one's soul, i wonder what he sees in mine..."
"eating awesome food, thinking about some things. hopefully, im not makig too many mistakes. act scores came in. i did better than predicted by the plan test."
woohoo! i went almost a week without my phone. gladly have it back now though.
"waiting for the day we meet again. we will meet again, right?"
i will never understand people who want to eat the same thing everyday. mixing up my food pallette is one of the great joys i have in my life. i love food!
watching the regular show and i love the character pops. he is so adorable/awesome!
since when is it more comfortable to sleep on the sofa than in my bed? definately got to fix that.
"wow o.o i didn't have much faith to begin with, and you just proved that i shouldn't have even bothered with faith to begin with. my disappointment means nothing to you. i hope your disappointed with yourself. pathetic."
"suddenly, everything seems to be falling into place. ah summer ^^ i'm officially excited."
i don't have homework. so weird. >.<
"it really feels like maybe you were never there to begin with. i keep looking for signs of your existence, but even when i'm looking at them, it all feels surreal. please, please don't vanish from my life. i couldn't bear the pain of this twice. please, please i want/need you in my life. you're the fire. i'm the ice."
wah! d: someone deleted my recording of american idol's season finale. i'm so upset! i missed it!!!! wahh!!!!!!!!
i used to believe my life held so much promise. what happened?
mm. charleston chew. :3
i remember last year when it was you and me. i miss that. the time when i thought my love for you would last forever.
i lost my nerve! d:
"""kind of faded, but i feel alright. thinkin' about making my move tonight. i can't pretend that you're only my friend when you're holdin' my body tight."""
holy cow! i just saw <propfemale> vrtis's twin of facebook. creepy =.=
i just luv it when the mug i'm drinkin my tea from says grandpa. yep. :) i'm that awesum.
"another day passes, but now, i can stand. the smile resumes."
grr...i'm so angry.
what is wrong with the world? why must it insist that there is something wrong with not wanting to live? forget it. i'll shut up. keep breathing. it hurts.
i beg for your mercy. i would have gone to you if i could. plz forgive me!!!! d:
i caught the ball today in flag football. hell yeahs! ^^ i'm the bomb!
a decision is made. i wonder where it will take me.
wahaha! lots of chaos. lots of fun. all good :d
"""tell me now. am i feeling what i'm feeling? 'cuz my heart's on fire, and it will not fade away. only you could be my one love forever. just tell me you'll stay, and the two of us will dance the night away."""
my body aches as emptiness consumes. where is my heart?
"i make you hate me, and i'm sorry. you just don't know me, and i'm too tired to let you come into my shell of an existance, especially when you are so determined to break it. i'm sorry that i can't be what you wanted. you're older sis is a failure at best, if only i could make you see how past years have tortured me. stay away from my damned shell!"
"the brain wraps around in many ways. the question is when should i stop avoiding the most terrible paths to follow. my insecurities could eat me alive....hmm..that sentence seems like something i've heard before in a song...so true. anyways, silence only weakens me."
"it hurts 2 use my eyes. guess, it's time 4 bed. night folks. play was fun."
"i feel at my best, but then also, at my lamest. how long will it take me 2 accomplish the works that i value?"
"one day, i was offered a bottle. it was sealed, but it was empty. ""what is this?"" i asked, twisting the bottle around to get a better view. ""those are your wishes,"" he said. it was too bad that he wasn't there when i let them flutter all away. a wish is such an empty thing. i'd rather see what life will bring."
"now that the rain is gone, i wonder when it will come again. i can feel the static in the air. the stars are shining, but they might as well not be there at all. clouds are rolling in. when does the storm begin?"
if only i could write something through this thick mind of mud. blegh. i need more tea.
"today, i have to get things done. no fun for me. :'( now if only,  i could get myself outta bed...must need coffee. d:"
anime joy :3
why does it seem like everything is boiling down to the end? i hate you. do you know that? but that is just the cover on the surface. the frustration's growing stronger.
"by sunday, i'll be in arkansas :d"
the bird's sound literally beautiful as they sing in the early morning. i didn't know that i missed that until now. *sighs* so much is taken for granted.
i'm exhausted. time for some shut eye. i'm going to hate having to go to bed earlier when school starts cuz then i don't seem to conk out as easilly.
i don't want 2 share mi mio. no touchy >.<
"maybe now, i will finally have some answers. the needles always hurt."
ok. here we go. like this status and i'll tell you what i like about you.
beautiful warmth :d
why do i get stuck playing so many games? can you just tell me when this is over?
"it's been awhile since i dreamed of him, his odd name rolling easilly past my lips. i guess, you can never forget that first crush."
the books i got at the bookfair were great. can't wait 2 collect more.
"""i adore you."" ""in ur pants. =.="" lol :d"
"sometimes, it is so great knowing that you can pull off one hell of a puppet show. yay :d i have lives under my control."
don't break me cuz i'm already cracked and bleeding from the memories of my past. is it too much to ask?
"now that i have paid my homage to my <propmale>, i can go back to being normal, or at least, normal for me."
"all i want for christmas is a pair of headphones, a pair of headphones. i want a pair of headphones. all i want christmas is a pair of headphones because my stupid cat had to chew through mine =.= *twitch*"
"to see my status, read my note called 'a random good thing.' main debate: a salad or not a salad."
"apparently, i'm loved 0.0"
"with visiting family, shopping trips, present wrapping, it's definatey feeling a lot like the holidays >.< now, where do i find a good book to read and cozy corner to hide in?"
"i hate how matters of the heart are so complicated. i'm tired of not being sure about anything, but how can i return someone's feelings when i don't love?"
"this christmas i learned something, and maybe next christmas i can show what i learned."
"i have blue in my hair. i'm not sure what to think. now, if only my sister would keep her fingers out of it. apparently, she's obsessed. lol :3"
roulette - system of a down
"not being racist or anything but, i think it would really awesome to wear the kkk robes as seen in the movie blazing saddles. you know, the ones that say, ""have a nice day!"" on the back. xd"
what would you like to try and do? i dare you to do it! make a list :d
i made water into broth. beat that jesus! antichrist strikes again.
"i wish that i could call my ipod, so that it could ring when i lose it. i'm so sorry piki. i'll find you...eventually...i think >.>"
"i guess, i've gone through another year. heh ^^; why doesn't this feel like a success?"
"i'm sorry mother, but there's nothing i can do. your life is one of your own making. quit expecting me to pick up the pieces. you have to stand on your own. i've groomed you to be strong."
"why is it that this bubble blowing pipe makes everything better, or maybe it just my accent. lol :d"
"mi bola de ocho es muy importante. donde <propfemale> mi bola de ocho?  quiero mi bola de ocho! lol i feel so sorry for my sister brookey. now, i am going to complain in spanish whenever she takes something away from me. mi libro <propfemale> solo. solo. solo...heehee :d"
ok. this quiz is so accurate wit its results that its creepy. go 2 colorquiz.com and take their test. i promise u wont b disappointed. can go 2 this site on ur phone or on ur comp. both work fine. the test itself is very simple.
"""you traded in your wings for everything freedom brings. you never left me. you never let me see what this feeling means. everything that you feel is everything that i feel, so when we dream, we shout."""
"red popsicle, red popsicle cuz <propfemale> is amazing! *sings to the tune of 'oh christmas tree'* :d i'll grape you! o.o"
"""i'll be coming home just to be alone cuz i know you're not there, and i know that you don't care. i can hardly wait to leave this place. no matter how hard i try, you're never satisfied..."" ~three days grace  (2nd day of not being able to find my sneakers =.= )"
surrounded by children and stressed beyond belief. help! terrible start to my summer.
"i once thought that my life was rapidly becoming destroyed, but you know what? i'm here. i'm breathing, and for once, it doesn't seem like a bad thing. i will continue on my path and help others find theirs."
my head is pounding in disbelief as i hear the sound of crickets' chirping in my ear. since when have i had luck?
she likes cows and chickens. it's no wonder we're friends. ;)
"it's humid, hot, and <propfemale>. i hate it. =.="
why can't a guy and a girl just be close friends? i only crave the attention of mi mio as more than that. get over me plz. i'm really not worth it.
"however shall i cope with these insecurities? mio, i need you."
"i don't know where i am heading or what to expect. sometimes it scares me, but sometimes things just happen. *shrugs* hopefully, i can ride out the storm."
"""just fake it if you're out of direction. fake it if you don't belong. fake it if you feel like infection. whoa, you're such a little hypocrite."""
wow. i havent felt this awake in a while. did the aliens decide 2 give back my brain?
"""brookie can you cut this while i go off to fart?"" <- my little sis really just said this"
sometimes i wonder what it would be like to fall to my death. would i have the nerve to jump?
"i'm used to turning everything into nothing, including you."
i'm sexy like a lion. too bad i can't roar. lol. randomly screaming at 7 in the morning. fun!
"the word 'control' popped in my mind, and i imagined myself sleeping in a bed of carmellos. is this normal?"
"totally better than that one time at <propfirst>'s. unfortunately, however, i couldn't stay longer because i happened to forget that i am 17 not 16 anymore. oops >.< i dedicate this status to you. lol"
ah! trying to locate my stuff in a strange house. >.<
it feels good 2 be in love. :3 nothin but happiness tonight. how creepy. lol :d
"""there was a piece of lettuce in the urinal. who eats a sandwich while going to the bathroom? seriously."""
twitterpation. =.= it's something this world needs more of. what is it? <propfemale> has all the answers lol.
time 2 get my brains on!
"i luv my bed. it is so cozy that most of the time i never wanna leave. in fact, today i'm not gonna. :) wahaha! time 2 get some writing done."
it might as well be like we never met cuz i swear that it's like i no longer know you.
"choose the colors that match wut u think of me. black = i hate u. pink = i like u. grey = you're pretty. purple = i would date u. orange = i like talking 2 u. blue = at some point or time, i did like u. silver = we're close. red = i love u. white = i really care about u. post this as ur status and see wut others think about u. :3"
i will start off by writing alot. >.< so much work to do.
i want 2 see someone get sunburn during an illinois winter.
"if there is one thing that i absolutely love in life, it's manga. i can't stop reading. 0.0"
first person at the bus garage. it's kind of creepy. 5:51 a.m.
who's going to be there when i fall apart? cuz the only one i have ever trusted was you.
"i can't believe how you betrayed me with that <propfemale> smile still on your face. i understand he comes before me, but that doesn't lessen the sting. i guess, i just was never really important. it can't be the same now. all i wanted was for you to spare some time for me. to shed some light for me. have fun as i'm sure when you're dead you'll cling to his corpse."
i wanna go back to sleep! d:
beautiful lethargy is flooding through my veins. sailormoon is ringing in my ears. terrible poetry is burning my eyes.
"i guess, everyone's helpless when in love. *envies* then again if there's one thing i hate, it's helplessness."
grr...
">.< how weird that i just woke up this morning and couldn't go back to sleep. oh well, maybe next time....or maybe not....sleeping in isn't of my best interest on a school day"
fave bands: 1. staind 2. disturbed 3. three days grace 4. linkin park 5. tatu 6. orgy  7. nickelback 8. trapt 9. all time low 10. sum 41
"oh and btw, i can see o.o it's a miracle!  :d"
this little girlie's finally getting ready 2 play in the snow :3
"its nice 2 have good music thrummin in my ears, not so good that the summr seems like its over as i prepare 2 return home. if i culd pray 2 god, i wuld ask 4 a miracle. i need one. only 4 days left and may i prove that i'm worthy."
"all good things come to an end. in fact, all things good or bad come 2 an end. why do i always find myself waiting for the end? i can't be this happy for long, right?"
like this status and i'll tell you what i like about you. :)
i curse the day that <propfirst> and <propfemale> got their first toe cramps. damn sinners. =.=
poor <propfemale> doesnt get 2 go 2 the ball.
ah >.< my poor throat is killing me. looks like i'm sick. yay. *obviously no real enthusiasm*
living off of soup. yippee =.=
"""she keeps her distance and sits on fences. puts up resistance and builds defenses."""
"and i found another <propfemale> vrtis lookalike, though this one is all stylish and posh. hmm. who would have imagined that hairstyle would go so rockingly with her facial structure. i'm so weird xd"
"funny how my head can rip me apart, and no one ever knows. maybe i deserve to suffer. i mean, after all, i'm losing what i loved most."
"im goin 2 see my dad. this fan makes the room 2 cold, but deliciously so. why does my stomach hurt after i brush my teeth? how annoyin. =.=... my blanket is really soft and fluffy. i hope it stays really soft and fluffy 4 a really long time. maybe i shuld go 2 sleep. i wonder why she does it. wow. i really need sum sleep."
plz tell me you're not going to cry even though the world is falling apart.
"""i've had reoccuring nightmares that i was loved for who i am and missed the opportunity to be a better man."""
"""i mean, what can i say?"" richman - 3oh!3"
"""falling slowly, eyes that know me, and i can't go back. moods that take me and erase me, and i'm painted black. you have suffered enough and warred with yourself. it's time that you won."""
"my ipod, picasso, finally got arranged wit a better selection of songs. yay. though i no longer have any space left 2 add more. =.= darn it."
have no fear! wonderbra is here! and i currently have no idea why i said that >.< fail
it's funny when you find yourself having scars from something that never seemed a big deal. scars that leave you terrified as you watch them appear and sense that they may never leave.
i never knew until today how appropriate that nickname was. i have turned into an ice <propfemale>. it's warm emotions that i lack.
last weekend before school starts. >.< i'm already dreading the homework.
i much prefer the dark over the light cuz shadows cushion the harsh lines of reality.
"""too late for the other side. caught in a <propmale> 25 to life."""
"learning how to play an acoustic guitar is painful, but i'm kind of getting the <propfemale> of it. my fingers hurt like hell and have become very sensitive even to the lightest of touches, but i know that it will all be worth it in the end. i shall develop the roughened fingers of a man! mwahaha/gross."
i'm so tired. it hurts 2 do anything.
i'm hungry for the yummy polish food in my fridge :3
"""yeah, i'll always be waiting for you..."""
"uhoh o.o i wanted to make spaghetti o's in the microwave, but there is no spaghetti o's button. whatever shall i do? lol jk :d"
"""insane in the membrane."" - cypress hill"
"do you know how to get to the physics room? to find out how to get to the physics room say, ""map!"" ready, set, go!"
"oh, the humanity! someone opened my can of v8, took a sip, remembered they didn't like it, and, then, left it on top of the microwave for who knows how long. such a beautiful treasure wasted. )':"
watchin some good anime after the 2nd night of the play. *sighs* there is still a lot of work 2 b done this weekend. damn and i was hoping 4 a nap.
for so long now i've been wanting to let it all go.
"today was a bad one, and i'm not sure if i'll be better off tomorrow. this whole week sucks >.< and what's with this number thing?"
home again. my bed is still as comfy as hell...wait. i dont think hell is supposed to be cozy. guess that means satan's awaiting for my arrival.
"i find myself wondering why it never occurred to me to fight back 'cept in my dreams where the weapons were forks. i remember too that she would always lie to me, leaving me confused and open for another painful blow. my anger replaced by the sorrow of betrayal. even in my dreams, i couldn't fight."
"""he said it was a one-night stand, but the alcohol didn't let her understand. he said it was a one-night stand, a one-stand. so what made you think that he couldn't find a door in the morning when he found that bed so easilly in the dark?"""
"it's been awhile. lol. anyways, currently wondering why i couldn't have passed that damn driving test. would have made my life a whole lot easier =.= at least in some aspects."
"i just heard the most funniest thing on the radio. some little girl from dublin, ireland called a demolition place to see if she could have them blow up or knock down her school. she wanted to know how much it would cost and whether or not they could manage doing it with the teachers still inside. lol. you got to here her convo with the people at the company, and it was so hilarious, especially with the <propfemale> accent."
"christmas <propfemale> gathering of friends and family. boy, was the feast good :d"
my antique archaeology hat makes me happy :3
"slowly, i find myself able to cope again. after all, if i can get through this days successfully, i must have done something right. ^^ hunny <propfemale>, i love you. you kept all my empty spaces in check."
"right after school, i trudged my way home and took a 30 minute nap. couldn't be too long cuz i have lots of homework and play rehearsal later today, but i dressed in my pajamas for the occasion. thinking about the play, i began to wonder why my character, <propfemale>, would wear to bed. to my embarrassment, it occured to me that she would just sleep in the nude, aka: the birthday suit."
"fill my head with knowledge and forget about the rest. i don't want to feel, so rip the heart out from my chest. it was never in my nature to give unto  such madness. i choose my sanity today."
i much prefer the dark over the light cuz the shadows cushion the harsh lines of reality.
i don't know what to think anymore. just let me take a nap for once.
i get three days of relaxation. awesome!!!!!
so much work......................
"must remember to get to work, but i don't want to. at least, i want to do other types of work. i want to read what i want, write what i want, say what i want, etc. if only i could...."
"""you're just another pretty face in a room full of whores. (no, you don't mean much.) used to be so naive. catatonic now. you seem to be so much better than before."""
tonight there's meatloaf. smells amazing. o.o
"""roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud..."" -shakespeare"
"""i've spent the night dancing. i'm drunk, i suppose. if it looks like i'm laughing, i'm really just asking to leave."" ~mcr"
remember keep secrets secret.
watching the nanny. got to love it. :)
oatmeal is a food of champions. >.< you don't like it? suck it up =.=
"""it's like you're a leach, sucking the life from me. it's like i can't breathe...i know i let you have all the power, and i realize i'm never gonna quit you over time."""
"autumn is always so beautiful, but what we're witnessing is death. so autumn's a beautiful death?"
tsk. tsk. when will people learn it's not good 2 play games with me. i rise up to the challenge.
ah! where are my sneakers?!
"""i believe i have an issue..."" ""what?"" ""i can't get no satisfaction."" ""wait. what?!"""
"i just don't know what to say. it's like the world is crashing down, and i've been crushed underneath the rubble. i'm not dead. i'm struggling to reach the top, but i can't make it. i'm not good enough to make it. i'm stuck having to fail, having to live and know this."
"""did you know that goldfish turn white if they're not exposed to light?"" ""no, but i guess now we know what happened to <propfirst> <propmale>."""
why do i feel like sometime soon the world is going to come crashing down on me?
time passes by and i keep on thinking about how much pulling a blanket over my head and calling it a night appeals to me.
"""can you tell me softly how you always haunt me?"""
i miss flag football d:
"""tell me, please. who the fuck did you want me to be? was it something that i couldn't see? never knew this would be so political. and please, i'm still wearing this miserable skin, and it's started to tamper within. but, it's obvious that doesn't bother you, so please."""
"""i want to be in your dreams, in your dreams. just wait and see you can count on me, count on me. i know just what you're after. my heart keeps beating faster. i wanna see you in my dreams"""
<propfemale> is the bomb :3
ah! my love in a cup tea has been misplaced!
"grr. why is nothing i do good enough? these people don't even care 2 know who i am, and yet they can blame me so easilly. um...hello...i do have a brain, and i've done a lot of shit in this household. not my fault that every1 else does everything half-assed."
play's over. can't wait for the next one.
rockin it out in the kitchen while cleanin and makin breakfast ^^
"i love learning, but all the work can be so overwhelming >.< okay. one step at a time. get your calculator. *stares at it from across the room*"
"contrary to what they may think, most adults are stupid. grr."
grass is so beautiful *eyes glued to the ground outside* o.o i want to play in it... >.>
heehee. i guess there was a lady snaga this year after all. *rofl* xd
"two things: 1. apparently the dog loves my cooking, but now i'm stuck cleaning up the mess without the wonders of a full stomach. 2. smith would be so proud of me. i watch cartoons that use the beautiful word 'corraborate' :)"
"as i find the end of another year drawing close, i'm not quite sure what i think of it. therefore, i have decided to list 5 good and bad things about this year."
and so another member of this family tries the cinnamon challenge. and fails lol xd
it seems like forever since i've seen your face. strange to say but i miss it.
just foiled mr. twinkles attempts of seducing his sister.
"""drink lemonade! vitamen c!"""
wah! d: i have to learn how to dance!
grr. why can't people just tell you how they feel? it wuld make a few things in the world a lot easier.
"""when it's over, is it really over?"""
"my dad's weekly menu: mon - burger tues - blt wed - burger and fries thurs - burger and burger fri - pizza sat - cheeseburger sun - burger, burger, cheeseburger, and fries"
i have no idea why i'm such a spoilsport.
we women are very vile creatures *sighs* seems like i will never be happy.
"""he knows you like to sleep on your left side. he's heard you talk to yourself in your dreams. i guess, by now, he's called you lover, turned into that other guy that i used to be."" i wish i didn't care - lovesick radio"
"gawd, puddles. why are you such a strumpet? >.<"
"""holding my last breath, safe inside myself are all my thoughts of you"" my last breath - evanescence"
i want a pillow pet! d: preferably a lion.
"""woah oh. can't let you go, my little girl, cuz you're holding up my world, so i need you"" 3 door down - so i need you"
"i can't get down from this sugar high. i swear, it feels like i'm goin to die. this sugar high."
just escaped a close call of skunk rabies.
"today is so strange. nothing's going right, but things aren't entirely bad either."
so much to do and it's only the first day back >.<
winding down while the rest of the world around me chaoticly shifts. that's strange. i can't keep my eyes open.
i love me some pie :)
"how cruel! why must you tease me so much skipbeat. now, i need to collect the anime version of you too. d:"
"""i'm sitting at a bar on the the inside, waiting for my ride on the outside. she stole my heart in the trailerpark, so i jacked the keys to her f***ing car. crashed that piece of s*** and then stepped away."" bartender song - rehab"
"having a little sister can be so fun :3 today instead of being a <propfemale>, she's mrs. rainbow. so cute ^^"
"omg!?! i just saw an <propmale> obama on family guy! o.o pelvic movements, screaming girls, and everything."
i just don't know.
skip beat! is so awesome!!! must keep reading!
"""i sit alone and watch the clock, trying to collect my thoughts. all i think about is you."""
so much fun to be singing all terrible like and not caring. :d hahaha. i now gots me a driver's license. next step >.> get job so i can pay for my car using ways.
hate having sisters that take my clothes. wasted two hours of my day washing and drying my jeans when they should've been clean this morning. thanks a lot <propfemale>. try to delete this hoe biscuit.
"""the drinking bone's connected to the party bone. the party bone's connected to the staying out all night long, and she won't think it's funny. and i'll wind up all alone, and the lonely bone's connected to the drinking bone."""
nothing symbolizes christmas more than a faulty heater.
"""l'll be with you girl. like being low. hey, hey, hey, like being stoned.""  low - cracker"
"""how you turned my world, you precious thing. you starve and near exhaust me. everything i've done, i've done for you. i move the stars for no one. you've run so long. you've run so far. your eyes can be so cruel just as i can be so cruel, though i do believe in you. yes i do live without your sunlight, love without your heartbeat. i can't live within you."""
"if you asked me what i thought of you, i don't know what i'd say. you make me nervous and afraid to speak. it's no wonder i end up acting like an idiot. you'll probably never like me too."
"today, mr. twinkles tried to follow me to school =.= again. i kicked him."
"""i feel angry. i feel helpless. want to change the world. i feel violent. i feel alone. don't try to change my mind, no..."""
"""we won't stop until somebody calls the cops, and even then, we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened."""
"describe me in one word by using the 1st letter of your name. then, repost, so i can describe you lol :3"
"2010 is almost over so message me one thing that you've been wanting to say to me. then, post this as your status."
this chocolate pie is so yummy :3 tomorrows going to be fun!
agh! my phone keeps sending my messages more than once to people! o.o
what music allows you to calm down? for me it is coldplay's parachutes album or waiting for the night to fall by depeche mode.
waiting for my pink shirt to dry *twitch*
