10
cf47c613b7eaa589e07d196411d503ed
17
-
vip pool pass to the warwick mall...be jealous.
just gave cc a very overdue detailing. she's so puuuurty.
wishes he remembered that girls name from last night!
"| you can't be me, you have a hard enough time being you."
starbucks > dunkin' donuts.
"how do you wake up everyday of your life, decide your not going to accomplish anything today, drive around and smoke weed all day...your life isn't something you should waste. your given one life, and it's suppossed to test you...so gets some drive and stop letting yourself go."
"i never looked up to anyone, i was never a follower...i just knew what i wanted, and what it would take to get there. i wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth...i worked hard to get where i am. i earned it, don't ever forget that."
"i'm not riding your ass, i'm drafting...saves gas."
alcohol - turning childhood friends into awkward hookups since the <propfemale> of civilization.
"lmao i just heard a black guy tell a white guy he would never go tanning because it's gay.something about that seems off..."
"to all the steelers fans on here...you guys played a hell of a game today. got off to a slow start, but bounced right back in the second half. took it down to the wire.maybe we'll see you again next year!go pack go!"
is officially down to a 38...from a 44! pretty excited.
"| just because there's a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score."
"| facebook is not twitter...i repeat, facebook is not twitter."
"| next time you go to a restaurant and ask for a coke, and they ask ""is pepsi ok?""...reply ""is monopoly money ok?"""
| not so pretty without all that whore paint.
my prediction: 44-10 patriots
"""do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac.""so true!"
"it is not where you are from or where you are at, but where you are going that makes you. you will choose your direction, the height you attain, and the success you achieve.i don't know about you, but i'm not done climbing."
"thanks in advance for ruining the state, chafee."
yup...kansas sucks...
"what do you expect, you come over at 5 in the morning and want to play checkers?!?"
"""i could have me a good girl and still be addicted to them hood rats"""
"great throw, puppy killer.go pack go!!!"
| if you're an nfl player...don't make big hits or you'll get suspended. just rip their helmet off and punch them in the face and write a 25k check. don't believe me...ask <propfirst> <propmale>.
| so tomorrow i find out how bad i tore my acromioclavicular. hopefully no surgery.
bring <propmale> cousin up!
"if i hear one more girl say ""wah!!!""...i myself, am going to cry."
"you did good kid, real good...but as long as i'm around you'll always be number 2."
did you touch my drumset?
only in ne can we go from 72 to 34 and snowing in 3 days.
"congratulations, you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. the rest of us actually have to work are way through life."
"“in the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working americans actually declined. the top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each. and that’s who needs to pay less taxes?”the first smart thought he's ever had."
new scale just told me old scale was being forgiving...challenge accepted mr. scale.
"if you are old and loaded...dont buy an expensive ""race car"" that you're going to drive 10mph! use all that money to move to florida with the other town cars."
"so carmelo...did we do anything ""special"" tonight? jackass."
"gotta love all the ""i don't care that bin laden is dead"" comments/status. if that news doesn't put a smile on your face go live in afghanistan, you don't belong here."
"i'm the narrator, and this is just the prologue."
well i guess the celtics can go watch the nba championship games with the lakers.
