246
4ec2547c597ae83fc133c7eba9eac092
14
-
trials and concepts and whats are the rules that binds this new detail into my strucuture in which i will approach.
lmao my account was locked for a hour
it's not about absolution but perfection of flow in how thoughts are loose and mutable
"the bills are always on time, living life that way its suppose to be lived."
i love my lady nefertiti m <propmale>
"clean cut, clear mental flow, prepared for what's to come. nothing but success."
don't listen to anyone when they advise you on solutions regarding morals because they rely on the indicators that are of the illusionary perfect world. decide for yourself what you feel is best whether it seems moral or immoral and you will be a more satisfied individual.
hahaha california ppl never experienced a real winter chill
"i truly appreciate all the birthday wishes i have recieved thus far, i hope everyone perfection in all they do as life is long when you know time is in our hands, and we mold our present with the daily decisions today, for the future benefits of tomorrow"
so so tired...
"hell yea a 92 on a statistic final, and the class passed with an a"
i was always told that nothing is easy about this life. i learned the hardest trials will always have to do with people.
"damn, i actually miss the old days when i could go on the street and spar with someone, on these streets, if we spar someone has to die its the reality"
"everyone deserves happiness, but to get it you have to allow it come into your life."
"everyday i wake, all i see is the shine of rhe coming through my window, it reflects the greatness, humility, and power of the almighty. even if i dont follow a religion, i still stand for god, allah, the supreme deity with many names. the power is in me to believe and there i strive on this thing ppl call luck but it's not, it's god giving me and all those around me the blessing of spiritual awareness."
"you know you are an asshole when you drive someone around and when you charge them, its not just for the gas, its for the car battery lmao, think on the irony and methaporic meaning behind this for some real laughs, thanks to <propfirst> gomez for helping realize this truly amazing intelligent joke."
someone told me they dont like to be poked so i went and poked them anyways
"stay in your head, and i will tell you the truth in your mind. go outside then i will teach how to fly. to dream is to say bye. all those ""poor"" memories lost forever. i knew your future and forgot your past. for this , i ramble on the stress of the issue. it was like no other, for the joy ended before it began. so stay in your head and the truth will come in your mind like a perfect gift wrapped lie."
trance is crack for logical while dubstep is weed for the methodical
"nearby is the truth, but nearer are the lies. so my grandma would say ""you have no friends"" my response at that time would be silence but now my response would be ""i am blessed to not be surrounded by stupidity of crowds but by the few that serve their purpose"" i appreciate the intelligence of my friends for they know themselves"
"note to self: when i am stuck doing college projects because classmates love making me project manager, i listen to angry rap music, its more reliable than coffee."
"""true power is acquired when one can realize their potential and decide when or when not to display it""                                                        saabir martinez"
"well i am up to help anyone who needs help updating their resume, i am feeling generous, the offer stands for up to 3 days"
"i really want to understand why people keep asking questions they have no foundation to even start to answer themselves. if you dont understand why your life may seemily feel bad then look to your friends and ask them about their lives and you will find out it is equally bad and good at times. no one has a bad life 100% of the time, unless they want it to be that way."
"after a long day of financial management and success with my girl nefertiti <propfemale>, i retired to relaxation with a positive net worth making me richer than half of <propfemale> minus my student loans."
"fall season coming up and its time to decide colors, should i clash or be mellow?"
"making this connection with myself that's putting closer to perfection within body-mind-soul, i guess i have been wrong, inner peace is not from ""just"" within. it is from all those that choose to stand by your side regardless of your mistakes.  by saabir martinez"
