392
97d694df56a84b8f9449d7ee174f3ee5
28
-
"right, tiime for an inaugural speech. so, prick up your ears and listen.i am, after much nagging and complaining finally here, so after i've gone to all the trouble for setting this bloody thing up i should hope that i will be treated as a god, all those who've whined and whinged at me, i am now the supreme power.  savvy?"
life? don't talk to me about life.
:d
<propmale> benn is in fact the best musical comedian out there. no quesions asked.
feel shit cos i upset <propfemale>.
is feelin' evil. grr.
"led zep, half life 2 and an insanely comfy chair. love it."
come on amazon you git wizards! wheres my xmas pressies?!
has just flamethrowered his laptop with a deo can and a lighter. what? it annoyed me.
music news: muse have just claimed my #1 favorite band spot. pink <propmale> are now languishing in second.
muse have just given me a frebie song :) a live version of mk ultra. woop!!!
i also just realised i suck royally at cod4 online. a kill/death ratio of 1:5 isn't good is it?
3.ban political correctness.
"2.move the x factor to 12 o'clock at night and turn it into an adult entertainment show called ""the sex factor""."
6. make burberry illegal.
"10. any thing with a citroen, peugeot or renault will also be banned."
"ahhh, the unforgiven 1, 2 and 3. currently my favorite tracks. gotta love metallica."
"""reflections are images of tarnished aspirations"" racter, an artificial intelligence program."
8. make the nissan micra illegal.
5. have <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> w 'gump' bush indicted as war criminals.
has had no contact with the outside world for nearly 2 weeks.
i just realised the new doctor who looks a bit like <propfirst> place!
4.begin a campaign of terror on all the worlds (other) dictators and have them all assasinated.
"i now know what my favorite pastime is called. misanthropy, the general despising of the human race."
7. make any other chav related broducts and brands illegal too.
"12. tell <propfemale> they can go fuck if they think they can get me to march into someone elses country under the guise of a ""war on terror"" aka, point an m4 at some middle eastern bloke and say ""give me all your oil!"""
"i think <propmale> is going to a racist school. there are no coloured people there, or so he says. and they all love the bnp."
still bored. entertain me someone.
hideously bored someone tell me something interesting.
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! my facebook is fucked! i hate this new layout.
half life 2 is awesome!
"<propfirst> had a little lamb, she tied it to a pylon, 1000 volts shot up it's bum, and turned it's wool to nylon"
what do saddam hussien and general custer have in common? they were wondering where all of those tomahawks were coming from
i never knew it was so easy to get through half a bottle of baileys.
chemistry: d biology: d english lit: c geography: b general studies: a
"arsehole:  a person who fills you with disgust and anger. examples: <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propmale> brown, anyone who supports manchester united, etcetera."
"more plans for when i rule the country: 1.rename ""britains got talent"" a ""britain's got educationally subnormal people""."
9.and driving wearing a hat. except in freezing weather. then you can wear a hat. you still can't have a micra though.
11. have all chaves microchipped so we can track where thir scummy hides go all the time.
is still thinking in a scottish accent. whilst not unpleasant it is rather weirding me out.
where's <propfemale> and her massage skills when you need her?
"i love the feeling, great feel-good music."
a warning to everyone going up to leeds. stay in leeds. if you go near <propmale> you will be murdered. i used to live near the place. i should know. beware.
still feels great.
"if <propmale> <propmale>, mr t and <propfirst> hunt came within a hundred <propmale> of each other, what would happen?"
"ashes to ashes, awesome, dr who, good."
"ashes to ashes: so, it transpires that <propfirst> hunt is essentially god. of course, how could it end any other way?"
feels particularly venomous.
i <3 resident evil 5. such a good game.
dr who: wtf?! you do not make a pass at the doctor. ever.
"it's not all about megapixels, it's how you use them."
"ah, radio 4. food for the soul."
what have the harvest to hope for if not for the care of the reaper man?
my head of sixth form and my form tutor are stranded in ny and bulgaria respectively
internet wars are literally the funniest thing ever.
oh and mu lit leacher is stuck in italy and today my biology teacher had to leave in a hurry because her hos had escaped.
where's <propfemale> and her handy supply of headache pills when you need her?
always trust the <propfirst> <propfemale>.
science flies you to the <propfemale>. religion flies you into buildings.
wishes people would answer their god rotted phones at least to tell me to sod off if they can't be bothered to talk.
rather pleasant surprise in the morning today :)
"""he that will not reason is a bigot; he that cannot reason is a fool; he that dares not reason is a slave.""-william drummond"
"yyyyeeeeeesssssss! phone is cured, i no longer need a new number, yeahhhhh!"
why are all my thoughts in a scottish accent?
"well, 1 down 2 to go..."
after finishing the cod mw 2 singleplayer campaign i can say that i've never played a war game with such a strong anti war message.
"germany tomorrow, team will be home on monday."
can't believe england only <propfirst> against bloody algeria. how sodding awful is that?
"""love is just masochism without the leathers"""
is missing his wonderful girlfriend =(
full of aches and pains. not froody.
bastard school and their fingerprint system. you can fuck off if you think i'm letting you have my fingerprint just so i can buy your cruddy food! i will sit in the 6th form common room and make my own sandwiches from now on as my own little two fingered salute to the system.
"1-0, england win. result!"
"japan 2-0 up against denmark, it's all good."
"ah, there is -nothing- more calming than one of chopin's nocturnes."
pokemon = <propfirst> <propmale> meets cock-fighting.
"you and i wake up in jail together. using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well. be a good sport and play along..."
"to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself."
feels unassailably happy.
"what is the difference between <propfirst> washington, <propfirst> nixon and <propfirst> w. bush?washington couldn't tell a lie, nixon couldn't tell the truth and bush cannot tell the difference"
"what do you say to a chav in a suit?""will the defendant please stand."""
"has learned many useful things over the past few days, including but not limited to: how to steal a glass out from under a waiters nose, how to remove a sofa from a pub without being caught and not to go to djibouti, as there are bodies in skips in the streets."
i'm afraid i may have inadvertently signed my house up for talktalk broadband on the basis that the sales girl was very pretty and had a rather nice arse. oops...
"i don't like the idea of book burning, it's a bit too third reich for my liking but i'm willing to make two exceptions. the first, anything by <propfirst> brown, that <propmale> headed peddler of pseudohistory. the other is of course, <propfemale> meyer, and her god-damned twi-shite books, i gladly would burn her along with every copy of that awful series."
trying to get rid of apple software is like trying to get bloody superglue off of your fingers. i.e very difficult. fuck you <propmale> jobs.
is still tipsy from last night.
"thanks for all the happy birthday's guys =d. especially you ""<propfemale>""."
"there was an old man called <propmale>,he's an overweight fat racist prick,his wife's a fat donkeyhis eye's a bit wonkyand everyone thinks he's a <propmale>."
"18- closest friend, adoptive sister and the one person that keeps me sane. a person without whom i would not be human, who's taught me it's not all shit and to laugh in the face of adversity. a great friend who i could not be prouder to have by my side. 4 years flash, and i wouldn't have missed it for the world."
is having a good time in matlock. =)
if done well i reckon the modern warfare games would make pretty epic films.
"feels cross, mourngey and a bit confused."
"is pooped, remind me not to climb up any enormous hills again any time soon."
"ah, another friend purge completed. still below 100 'friends' and it'll stay that way."
"everyone at leeds: remember peeps, don't go to <propmale>. you will be murdered. no ifs or buts."
“and you will know the truth and the truth shall make you free.”
"to gild refined gold, to paint the <propfemale>, to throw perfume on the <propfemale>, is just fucking silly."
"christmas rots your guts and empties your wallet. it should be declared a disease, not a public holiday."
is bored.
"and when they've given you their all some stagger and fall after all it's not easy banging your heart against some mad buggers wall."
"""go home to tinpot mussolini concocted principality and don't come back"" says <propfirst> dawkins to the pope."
sometimes people really get on your tits and sometimes you can't imagine life without them. odd that.
bleagh.
"and the prize for polluting my news feed with the most status updates goes to : <propfemale> shaw, congratulations, you win my special ""should have signed up for twitter"" e-trophy!"
"how do the welsh practice safe sex?they spray paint a cross on the back end of the sheep that kick.sorry to all you welshies out there just a joke ;)"
is back after attending his uncles wedding and rather enjoyed getting the <propmale> to play with £5000 worth of image stabilised 21 megapixel cannon.
just beaten my dad's phone at chess. awright!
bored. someone entertain me.
"is off school because he is temporarily blind. i do however now know what job i want to do- lumberjack, seeing (or not as the case may be) as it was a tree that scratched my eye. death to the rainforests!"
"yay, not even 10 oclock and i've already done my good deed for the day:)"
did you hear about the man who was obsessed with bondage necrophiliac and bestiality? he realised he was just flogging a dead horse.
any man who claims to understand women is either lying or a fool.
had a great day with <propfemale> today.
"knee deep snow at my place, what about you, boys and girls?"
extremely grateful for my lovely scarf right now. thankyou <propfemale>!
"""growing old is compulsory, growing up is optional."""
mmmmmm <propfemale> cream laced hot chocolate. pure win in a cup.
"today was fun. short day, with lots of joking around, then a sneaky after work drink with <propfemale> shaw and <propfirst> <propfirst> borland."
"fucking microsoft and their 'help' articles, i'd have got more information out of a spastic chimpanzee."
aaaargh! more fucking snow. brilliant >:(
"666- the devils number, a bit mental but none the worse for it. the first person to say hi to me properly when i started at manners. :)"
had an epic day with <propfemale> in derby :)
"i'm just, sittin' here thinkin', sittin' here drinkin', 'bout you."
what you don't know can't hurt you. unless its a psychotic stranger.
the day you are too busy for your friends is the day you no longer deserve them.
"so, who's still up at this late/early hour?"
who started this number status business?
"god, <propfirst> boyle is so funny but so offensive. brill!"
being banhammered is certainly an interesting experience.
"eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines."
"as divided as we are by faith, we are all united by our humanity."
fuck! why do all my plans go tits up?
"oh no, more fucking snow. brilliant. >:("
old chinese proverb say: man who walks through doorway sideways with erection is always going to bangkok.
"right, weather permitting a trip to cromford tomorrow, for a visit to scarthins and a lovely traipse home along the canal."
has found out why i haven't been receiving texts. my phone was full of shit apps. problem solved. feel free to text again peeps.
"""there is not a thin line between love and hate. there is, in fact, a great wall of <propfemale> with armed sentries posted every 20 feet between love and hate."""
"some people aren't looking for anything logical. they can't be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. some people just want to watch the world burn."
"i don’t know how to have casual conversation. you think you’re talking about one thing, and either you are and it’s incredibly boring, or you’re not because it’s subtext and you need a decoder ring."
humanity is overrated.
"is looking more and more unshaven. damn you razor, where have you gone? :("
"friend purge completed, if you're still there then congratulations, you've escaped my generalisation of humanity as bastards. well done you :)"
is feeling rather pleased with himself.
"quote of the day: ""technically that makes you a prostitute."" thanks to <propfemale> macdonald for that one, it made my day."
"what's cold, white and unstable? a bi-polar bear."
money can't buy love. but it does buy a very good substitute.
is back on pink <propmale> and marilion after an extended leave of absence thanks to metallica.
"sorry japan, your 15 minutes of fame is up.  time to bomb an oil <propmale> dictator!"
duke nukem versus <propmale> <propmale>? who's more epic?
boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored
so many fit girls in the shop today :)
"phew, still completely wrecked. amazing party though, big thanks to rozz <propfirst> wood and <propfemale> <propfemale> kellet for organising the whole thing."
"ok, just out of interest, how would you describe me in a word or short phrase? no need to be nice, just honest."
"oh great, my antivirus just blocked facebook. clever. guess what i'm deleting!"
"woopee, work tomorrow and i feel like shite, and am supremely miserable. great."
