131
780c2d0710504d49e0b031c429833b8c
25
-
spicejet flies high !!!
reached back....
"life is a gamble, and we who live it are the greatest gamblers because the stakes so high,  nothing is irreversible. we take decisions based on our so called intelligence. the cards of time proves or defies the judgemental values. whereas the social laws have its own set of appreciation rules..."
"tomorrow when facebook makes the usage subscription based, what is the maximum amount you guys can spend pm month with this kinda addiction comfortably?"
in pursuit of the situational command of complexities... simplicities getting ignored... in simplifying the simplicities... complexities getting invited... :)
no woman no cry...
"dreams surely are difficult, confusing, and not everything in them is brought to pass for mankind. for fleeting dreams have two gates: one is fashioned of horn and one of <propfirst>. those which pass through the one of sawn <propfirst> are deceptive, bringing tidings which come to nought, but those which issue from the one of polished horn bring true results when a mortal sees them."
what a sigh of relief. finally made it to my flight.
salt @ 10.45
would <propfemale> make to semis ?
"time is powerful... the greatest of the rulers have eroded by time... surely we would some day... let us not forget this and make full use of our time..."
off to varanasi...
monday maniac day at varanasi.
there is no greater mistake than the hasty conclusion that opinions are worthless because they are badly argued.....thomas huxley
salt class thriller and action movie.
off to kochi with an early morning flight and a late night match. need the strength to withstand both.
22 degree and it is awesome in bangalore....
what is the status on dwarka underpass from shivmurti ? anyone ?
good or bad experience is an experience... and life is all about it...
for all those tho do not drink start drinking... if not any thing any thing else have cola with ice...
''rise and rise again until lambs become lions''
"if anyone has seen the zee tv today ""sa re ga <propfemale> <propfemale>"" would know the kind of dirty levels tv shows have reached for trp. one performing getting sick, and shots repeated again and again as comming up..."
yipee i have an android now!
the <propfemale>....
"due to climate change & the financial crisis, the light at the end of the tunnel will now be switched off.. please <propfemale> your own torch."
we judge others by their behavior. we judge ourselves by our intentions.
needs a punching bag...any volunteers?  apply below...
"i have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake because you never have to do anything wrong. just speak out the truth !!."
two wrongs don't make a right but three rights do make a left...
worrying works! about 90% of the things you worry never happens. so start worrying.
