293
c6065e52c61187ed0db62ccee2654c6b
31
-
"haven't seen too much of e3, though the mgs3 on 3ds looked really good.  anyone else see things they really liked?"
"just plays some songs on my clarinet, felt good and felt bad.  good to relive my joy of music and the expression it allows, bad because of how awful i am at it now and how far i have to work to be even decent again.  it's still there though, i'm sure.  i promised one of my lab buddies that i would play something at our retreat this saturday...haha... we shall see if i can't pull something through!"
"the retreat with my lab turned out really nice, especially when they weren't all talking in chinese, haha.  a lot of them were really good cooks and some of the couples brought their kids.  i ended up playing a lot more than anticipated but they seemed to enjoy it all.  professor even mentioned making a band since he has some dream with the drums.  hmmmmm...."
"as always, the ub fireworks were great this year.  back to <propmale> tomorrow."
"ok, i knew facebook apps are bad, so my expectations were pretty low, but i was at least expecting a half-decent game from the creators of infamous but no i get a game that would be sub-par even for newgrounds.  i can't believe how bad there are, but then again i guess i kinda knew from the start."
taking gres in a couple days.  fun test is fun...
tomorrow morning about to get destroyed by the gre lol.
"got back from final <propmale> potter.  was alright, but nothing really special.  i didn't even read the book and it was insultingly predictable.  glad that the series is over though, maybe some more deserving fantasy novels can get movies!"
"well now i know what it's like to spend a day working and getting absolutely nothing accomplished at all :(going to start working on a different project tomorrow, hopefully i will be able to do more on that one."
"man, walking anywhere in this weather, it's like being slow roasted alive.  can't wait till it's not an oven outside."
"just got around to finishing the first portal.  started it awhile back, but never finished it.  pretty epic ending, won't spoil it for any who have yet to see it, but epic final boss is pretty epic.  hopefully i'll nab the sequel sometime soon.... no spoilers!"
