534
689eaae01e75f41f3db61c325876f935
22
-
"""i believe its a residual haunting- a traumatic event must have happened and the entity is afraid its going to loose its home so its fighting back"" - okay sure except that's not a residual haunting that's an intelligent one -___-."
"is camping, hunting for wendigos."
"lá fhéile pádraig <propfemale>! am ar dul a fháil guinness, is dóigh liom sa bhaile beag tinn d'éirinn."
was up all night and i have school in an hour. looks like i'll be sleeping in the middle of class again.
"so so far all paranormal activity taking place in this house are easily explained by science ( aresol cans left open, too many wires left unchecked, bad plumbing and just plain old house decay ) looks like i'll be able to wrap up early and without any scratches."
just bought a bunch of new equipment for ghost hunting.
am i the only one not shocked by the girl's up bringing in kick ass? that was my childhood too!
is slightly dizzy from his fever.
"okay so i have one of these things, i'm not sure what to do with it."
"might have a new case, people are drowning on land in a town on the california coast. sounds like a ghost ship going up there to investigate and or help a few tortured souls pass on via a torch and rock salt."
"watched the walking dead, its a really great show!"
is quickly running out of money.
what was a pagan god doing in <propfemale> anyways?
"thermal on, flashlight ready, cameras set up, weapons loaded and 15 cups of coffee in i am so ready to get this hunt started!"
"is drenched, i hate ghost ships."
is about to drink these americans under the table.
has developed a cold. i'm taking medication though so i don't have to stop hunting while i get over it.
"is sick of being asked for his id, kiss my ass, i've been drinking beer since i was 14!"
just got a chain mail about some dead girl coming to my house one dark <propfemale> night........................ sin amháin a bheadh taibhse mhoilliú!
ever watch daytime tv? its terrible.
most of the time when i watch ghost investigation shows the only thing i can think of is that eventually i'm going to have to be saving their asses.
is in the middle of nowhere with a killer truck on his ass.
i knew these american pansies couldn't hold their liqour!
"is finally getting the damn cast off his arm tomorrow, hunting should be a lot easier now. will be able to shoot the gun with my good arm again."
"is watching shrooms, i'm from ireland so i think i know what i'm talking about when i say this looks nothing like my homeland. i also wasn't aware that we had any indigious tribes."
hasn't been on facebook in awhile due to my laptop being eaten.
