128
1c879567b71de5ad2a040bf62499945e
29
-
"religion is based of faith, which i have little of. my own"
"if you are reading this, whether we do or we don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops in your head. when you've finished, post his paragraph on your own status; you will be suprised what people remember about you."
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours... you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox). any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is. there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get"
found story i have been waiting to read for 5 months.
does anyone have arachibutyrophobia
31 17 saints win
"good news for today got bioshock 2. bad computer blue screened and i lost 500,000+ files after updating"
"new update for the rule book... yeshttp://www.games-workshop.com/media_customproductcatalog/m1490286a_faq_40krulebook_version1_1.pdf"
minecraft= best waster of time
"the retreat of army groups in empire total war is bad... ""i reforced my ally outside the city and lost now i run from the city""... wtf"
tau caste helping with my class... for the greater good!
toy story 3 was awesome
"so got pissed, may have pushed too much and now hurting... found stuff that made me think of the past with the song ""better than me"" by hinder, irony"
"woooo, house to myself for 3 days.... to bad it doesn't matter"
me house is mine.... til the 5th
for mother russia
fought a virus on my computer... 5 hours of work.... one massive fuck up it did that was easy to spot was using window 7 window designs
"so i now join the millions of people who dislike/ hate their job, before any actual hours, just the ending of training >.<"
"i got a job, finally, start tuesday"
are we human? or are we dancer?
papers suck.... why did i wait till the day before to do it
"""please, join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love hasbeen attacked or eaten by velociraptors. it's time to let silent victimseverywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limband gobbled up for vicious sport. velociraptors are, after all, kind of... unstoppable. 93% of people won't repost t...his."""
"hates how live throws you a bowl of s** and it messes me up for, so far 5 days or so... caffeine is back and i cant sleep right... no sleep may fix, hopefully"
"if you like me. comment me if you ever had a crush on me. inbox me if you wanted to date me. put a smiley face if we're friends. put a mad face if were not friends.......now put this as your status and see what you get"
zeon vs the earth federation
"my face is burnt, why'd i cut my hair, it protected me so...."
woooo doing one chapter worth of homework in one night wooo
"so i eased my external hard drive when trying to fix my back up, some with the software partition not being there so, if i can't fix it or replace it i'm going to ntfs format it and have almost 300 gb wallet size flash drive."
damn two people got fired today
"for the wtf value decode this01001000  01101001it's one word and as a hint it's binary"
triped on something my room and ended up with a quarter of a inch skin cut and have no idea what did the cut
i got my new computer.... the inner nerd is happy. which to play fable 3 or mess with the new conmputer >.<
this teacher doesn't know what she doing plus the fact the school stops us from doing what need to... does she like hearing herself?
moving 42 gb of music to my computer
"will <propfirst> bieber ever hit puberty -> <propfirst> bieber s? <propfemale> gi? ??n tu?i d?y thì (vietnamese)<propfirst> bieber s? <propfemale> gi? ??n tu?i d?y thì -> <propfirst> will never reach pubertythank you google translate"
storm is almost over
"at some point i want to get a pet fox... only problem, the cost of $5,950 which is way out of my abilty in the foreseeable future"
"now realizing that the world causes people to fear and go to what was safe, make them change to what people want, make them <propfemale> into a great person or whither to nothing... o and the rare one, where nothing changes"
happy tanksgiving!!!!
snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so i sprained my knee from walking at work... wtf, htw? i have no f***ing aidea how it happened"
hoping walmart stays closed tomorrow... yes it did close
