669
8faf4d2ee4825edc1e526a13130b9bf2
23
-
"life is like a box of chocolates, eat'em up till their all gone. lol"
half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
"if there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have paradise in a few years."
very nice weekend! i'm definetly enjoying the weather. i'm going to a bithday party soon!
what lies before us and what lies beyond us is <propfemale> compared to what lies within us. -- <propmale> <propmale> holmes
"""if the first grape you eat is bitter then you will not bother eating grapes again. if the first grape you eat is a sweet one then you will be willing to eat a lot of bitter grapes in search of another sweet one"""
"is going to cook chinese food for dinner. if i don't get back on tonight, then i'd just like to tell everyone goodnight and see yall tomorrow."
death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.
intl olympic cmte selects rio de janeiro as 2016 host city.
yay! discount coffee! & ice rage! family night @ the underground! hope you come!
food... italian food... no... mexican food. .. yeah italian food.
i'm love days like this...
is relaxing @ de underground!
"when you lose someone, you realize just how much that person means to you, so maybe its a good thing they're gone. so you can see just how much that person means to you."
good morning everyone! =)
i'm really excited today! i've got an interview @ 3pm! and @ the underground jazz & java tonight - 6.30-8.30 - tc & friends - guitar (<propmale> tonchev) and drum (<propmale> canedy) duo. its a riot!.
"aids walk of oklahoma city, inc. it's almost time for aids walk of okc, sunday, oct. 11th."
good morning everyone! i hope everyone has a good day today! :)
"just curious. has anyone seen the movie 2012? was it good?? it's got a 3star rating, but i bet it's mostly rated for the best graphics. have you seen the previews? it looks incredible, besides the fact that it's about the world changing into a water-world or something which is kind of devistating to see,"
is relaxing @ the underground
"i'm up very early this sunday morning. i didn't intend on waking up this early, but i just did! getting to bed 2hrs earlier really dose help lol. i've actually got a lot done, dishes, laundry, and cleaned up the house a bit. i'll definitely be ready for church long before it even starts. i'm kinda hungry, think i'll go make breakfast.  oh yeah, rise and shine everybody!"
"so much to do, in so little time! lots of preperations. is everyone ready for tomorrow?! don't forget to the cranberry sauce!                                         happy thanksgiving!  ""i find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. i do not judge the universe"". ~dalai lama  ""the love we give away is the only love we keep"". ~elbert hubbard"
"going to prepare dinner for tonight, study, and watch a movie..."
happy thanksgiving everyone!
going out for a birthday dinner for <propfemale>!
"work, so much work..."
"is up at 12:59am and thinking, what's on his mind? ""to be or not to be... asleep."" that is the question... ""must finish posts, replies, and comments... i must, i will, maybe... i'll try."" and so he does at 1:05am"
"oct. 2nd. international day of non-violence. happy birthday to mahatma ghandi! <propmale> role in independence for <propfemale>.the united nations general assembly announced on 15 june 2007 that it adopted a resolution which declared that the 2nd of october will be celebrated as the international day of non-violence."
"up late once again... seems to slow things a bit, but i'm only on once a night, and lucky if during the day... for the rest who are up late, goodnight, get rest & pleasant dreams...""there will always be dreams grander or humbler than your own, but there will never be a dream exactly like your own...for you are unique and more wondrous than you know!"" <propfemale> staten ""dream as if you'll live forever... live a"
"we are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of the dream. wandering by lone sea breakers, and sitting by desolate streams. world losers and world forsakers, for whom the pale <propfemale> gleams. yet we are movers and the shakers of the world forever it seems. - <propfirst> o'shaunessey"
cooking dinner and preparing for class tomorrow.
"i've just finished my first day of class and headed home. it went really well! i enjoyed the class. at first i ended up at the moore <propfirst> tech aka <propmale>... i was suppose to be at south pinn. moore <propfirst> tech. didn't know there's two! 8hr class, 8 ppl, 4 breaks, lunch was delish! still hungry tho... & huge test 2morrow! totally ready!"
"happy birthday <propfirst> lennon! 70 years, wish you were here.<propfirst> lennon, without you, the world wouldn't be the same. thank you for the peace you've helped create for a better world, tomorrow. we will never forget you. a founding member of the beatles."
i've been working all week. seems that the company really needed help. finally have two days off and there's much needed work to be done. rest will be this saturday afternoon. i'm looking forward to a good weekend.
"i've got my new job! training for med aid begins the 22nd! at <propfirst> tech center. and this fall i'll start classes at <propfemale> state for nursing. also guitar sessions are kickin off pretty well! my friend gi gi and i are working on a piece of music. so much work to do, but it's gonna be awesome!"
goodnight everybody!
"have you been outside today?! it's perfect, beautiful weather! i missed my <propmale> to go running today, but i'll pick it up tomorrow morning. anyone else like to run? i've got to get to work. ttyl"
good morning!
"home, sweet home... bed... sweet bed..."
":) i've completed the course & aced the test! i've got my certificate & i'm now a certified medication administration technician! i work tomorrow & thru the weekend... next up, lpn! :)"
"ok, i'm off to work. i'll be back in 8. :)"
i'm home from work & so sleepy. got things to do tomorrow so i've got to get up early... & work comes just after lunch. its not the weekend is it? man... *sigh* i feel like today was monday...
happy thanksgiving!
"i am very thankful for such a loving family. knowing that they will always be there for me, and love me no matter what. i have and always will love my family. i love you guys... thank you."
"it has been a wonderful thanksgiving with my family. it feels so great to see them again. to catch up on things, and getting to know new family. i'm so excited about our next gathering. christmas, after all, is just right around the corner. :)i hope everyone has had a great thanksgiving."
happy st. <propfemale>'s day peeps! i'm more <propfemale> than i've ever been. lol! & green too!
"st. <propfirst>'s day was fun! i saw so many peeps lol! bricktown was packed, great music & the food was just as good. it's must be tradition to end it all @ ihop with pancakes & coffee lol!"
