663
f1b9957ad9d63642c7b04fb8a30aaf9a
30
-
monday
"one of the things i memorized as a child came back to me today:  ""before they call i will answer, while they are yet speaking i will hear."" (<propmale> 65:24)"
today is igor stravinsky's birthday -- might listen to the firebird suite in his memory . . .
"friday . . .    and dogsitting.  actually, this is rather a good combination."
not monday any more . . .
"""same thing with <propmale> <propmale>'s charming little metaphor about the commonwealth as a ship; it also has a sinister subtext, namely, that a ship has a captain and a captain's orders are to be obeyed.""   <propfemale> vowell, ""the wordy shipmates,"" p. 56"
"just watched ""singin' in the rain"" . . .   <propfirst> <propfirst> makes his dancing look effortless and like a lot of fun.   what a talent."
"new job scheduled to begin july 20, 2009!   more details later."
"another p. 56, 5th sentence:  ""reassured, he then went straight to the camp of the praetorian guard.""  ""how rome fell"" by <propfirst> goldsworthy."
off to england tomorrow -- 10 days in the <propfemale>'s realm.
working on organizing photos . . . this will take a while
home from england!  it was a lovely trip.
"just got a new album:  ""polyhymnia smiles"" -- the musician is <propfirst> hunt - on amazon, it describes the album as: ""sacred poetry for the slow dance of the spirit.""    this is oddly appropriate, and i can't stop listening to the album."
i understand i am going to have a nephew this coming november.  a cause to celebrate!
another weekend finished . . .   i'm heading to bed to be ready for another workweek.  and i think i am liking the predicability of the whole process right now.
"i'm scheduled to begin monday (july 20) as a ""general attorney"" in the irs office of chief counsel, division counsel/associate chief counsel (tax exempt and government entities), in the <propmale> office."
"i am hoping that there is a gate and and a house where there shall be no darkness nor dazzling, but one equal light; no noise nor silence, but one equal music; no fears nor hopes, but one equal possession; no ends nor beginnings, but one equal eternity . . . ."
"long hike today -- it was lovely to have been in the mountains, and now i feel free to be a couch potato this evening."
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day."
school board this evening.
my profile won't show up.  any ideas on how to fix it?
"well, no update on england yet . . .  but soon.  sometime within the next few days."
"i haven't forgotten the last two days in england . . .  they will be coming soon.  one (hopefully) on friday. . . .  blenheim palace, oxford and lots of rain.    coming friday."
new glasses . . .  and my profile is finally working again!
"just back from visiting <propfirst>, <propmale>, and nephew <propmale>.  they are great -- other than the new-parents-sleep-deprivation thing."
"i am officially an uncle as of today, october 29, 2009!  <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propmale> are now the proud parents of <propmale> nowlan fox!"
"trying to shake a cold, so i can enjoy my friday activities."
"""we all have to recognize - no matter how great our strength - that we must deny ourselves the license to do always as we please."" - attributed to <propmale> s. <propmale>."
"<propmale> nowlan fox's statistics:  born 11:46 a.m. central daylight time on october 29, 2009; 6 lbs. 13 oz.; 20 inches.  and he is as cute as his parents."
"hodie, christus natus est!   . . .  also, i get to spend the day with my parents and brother (not forgetting my sister, brother-in-law and nephew in <propmale>)."
"epictetus ""epi"" was born on october 2, 2009.  i picked him up on the evening of december 9, 2009.  ""epictetus"" is the name of my favorite stoic philosopher and is greek for ""acquired"" . . .  according to wikipedia -- isn't that appropriate for a new dog?  :-)"
"for any who are interested, i've written my first impressions of windsor castle -- the ""crowning"" featured of my trip to england."
mom has been moved to the rehabilitation floor of community hospital in boulder -- she is on the mend!
we had a meeting today -- mom will be released from the hospital on january 21.  i remain encouraged.
mom is home from community hospital - had supper and visited them.
i am wondering how my nephew is doing?
"for all - mom is in the hospital, because she had strange combination of head bleeding and pneumonia on monday.  but as of today (wednesday) she is coherent and ready to come home, thank goodness."
"trip to washington, d.c. tomorrow.  a week in our nation's capital . . ."
"more photos of <propmale> . . .  he is adorable, of course."
sleep well . . . another week starts tomorrow!
epi is a handsome and well behaved puppy.  i am proud to be his owner (pet guardian?)!
"i need to thank everyone personally, which i will try to do . . .  but here's a collective ""thank you"" for the birthday wishes to all!"
"epi got to visit his mom (cuddles), dad (<propmale>), grandpa (<propmale>), grandma (<propmale>), and uncle(s?) (<propfirst>) at the lakes' house -- he attempted to nurse, which made his mother (cuddles) quite annoyed.  otherwise, they ran around in a large pack of happy dogs.  or that's how it looked to me."
i was playing with epi and found a teeny-tiny white chip of what looked like porcelain on my sleeve.  then i realized it looked familiar: i checked his mouth. he had lost a baby tooth!  my puppy is growing!
"epi and <propfemale> seem to like each other - they are playing a wrestling a lot (which means less ""entertaining"" the dogs for me)!   i think <propfemale> will end up about twice epi's size, but it's hard to know yet."
snow.  lots of snow - and yet i get to drive to work!
"pups are simultaneously wonderful and natural-disaster-ish.   just when you think they are under control . . .  something happens.  and they look so cute, you can't remain angry with them."
"waiting for the bus this morning, -9 degrees. . . .  driving home this evening, -9 degrees.  . . .  this day began and ended in a very non-colorado cold snap.  i want my 45-degree days back."
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure only acceptance."
"coming home from work today, it was merely 9 degrees (18 - or 19? - degrees warmer than yesterday) . . .   maybe there is light at the end of the tunnel."
how does one get over feeling stressed about one's family?  i miss my mom today . . .
"watching possibly the cheesiest christmas special of the year on pbs - mormon tabernacle choir, <propfirst> bocelli in a franciscan habit, muppets, <propfemale> braxton, white christmas trees, filmed at the kodak theater in los <propfemale>."
"on a bright, <propfemale>, day in boulder, i'm staying with mom while dad attends church . . .   it's a peaceful day, and the pups are wet but happy after playing in the back yard."
"i got <propfemale> a ""bullystick"" chew toy, which she has managed to demolish in one evening . . .  i guess she likes to chew things."
"ok . . . good music, sorting things to throw out -- works wonders for one's mood!"
"i took my little girl puppy <propfemale> to the vet yesterday evening, and discovered she is not so little: 29 pounds at 4 months and 3 weeks."
two straight days of unrelenting rain on the front range of colorado - how soon does the cabin fever begin?
just got an ipad.
"monday . . . back to work in the salt mines . . .  er, i mean the legal and tax world."
driving home tonight.  mahler symphony no. 5 in c-sharp minor live from boettcher concert hall on the radio - paradise for me!  anyone interested in going to the sunday matinee concert (a repeat) to hear it live?
"ok, ok . . .  touché . . .  i do need to get back in touch with everyone.  now . . .  how?   maybe start with e-mail?"
"i have desired to gowhere springs not fail,to fields where flies no sharp and sided hailand a few lilies blow.      and i have asked to bewhere no storms come, where the green swell is in the havens dumb,     and out of the swing of the sea.g.m. hopkins"
<propmale>!
"hike with <propfemale> & dixon and four pups - epi, <propfemale>, bali, and <propfemale>.  the pups behaved very well!  i'm proud of my two guys."
note to self: keep pups within visual range as much as possible (see accompanying photograph).
"we ate the lemon meringue pie today (saving the pumpkin for the weekend), and it turned out tasty - a great relief for me.  and part of a nice thanksgiving."
"evidently, the chew toy held by your colleague is always more valuable than the chew toy you hold yourself.  this appears to be a universal canine rule."
"if i say, peradventure the darkness shall cover me * then shall my night be turned to day.yea, the darkness is no darkness with thee, but the night is as clear as the day * the darkness and light to thee are both alike."
"just heard a <propfemale> norton ad . . .  she is running for senate on ""repealing obamacare"" and stopping earmarks.  seriously?  . . .  is this going to work?"
wondering if i am being too much of a hermit . . .  do i need to re-connect with friends?
back to co - after a nice week in chicago . . .
"chicago, chicagothat toddlin' town, the toddlin' townchicago, chicagoi'll show you around, i love itbet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in chicago, chicago . . . . .or possibly just attend a tax law cle . . . ."
"well, just cleaned the living room floor (vacuum & steam clean) . . .  it should hopefully smell fresh this weekend!"
utterly content making thanksgiving pies while listening to the <propfirst> warland singers - dogs playing on the floor.
it worked . . . i can update via my phone now.
"even with the supposedly-shifted horoscope signs, i remain a pisces."
test update.   this is my current status.
"quote for the day: ""i want us to live up to her expectations. i want our democracy to be as good as <propfemale> imagined it, i want <propfemale> to be as good as she imagined it.""  - president obama."
"day 2:  ""patris aeterni verbum caro factum."""
"erbarme dich, mein gott, um meiner zähren willen!  schaue hier, herz und auge weint vor dir bitterlich."
