292
ad99d2e84e2fe0affb1c56d926395e9e
15
-
cool i got a left ear industrial today. something i have always wanted.
"after a month and a half of drilling, they finally reached the trapped miners in chile … the first words from the hole: “thank you for not hiring bp.” – <propmale> <propmale>"
"for the last 5 years i have fought to find an undying love like one that would last a lifetime, today i came to a realization that the most important thing in my life is making a difference not love.my number one focus now is my career, and keeping my word to my beloved son that i will become a nurse, and leave my <propfirst> when my time is up. son i love you."
"oh dear, i think a terrible accident has just happened south of whangarei. in last 5 minutes, fire engine, 2 ambulance, 3 police, all at high speed heading south. stupid people driving to fast in the rain again i guess. kiwi drivers suck."
"time for me to quit smoking, wish me luck, it is a waste of money and health."
"if anyone knows anyone, lol, looking for a flattie or boarder in port macquarie, do let me know. :)"
"son my beloved, i am on my way. i promise you i am on my way, and so excited to be on this journey to you.xxxx"
"just wrote another one thousand and twenty one words this morning, so glad to be free from last nights writers block. time frame for this one hour and three minutes.now i need a coffee lolnothing like watching the thoughts flow out in ink, and become something of an uplifting for others."
"ha ha, just cut myself shaving, bugger that hurt. what are the odds of that happening?odds of injury from shaving: 6,585 to 1definitely not my day, ha ha ha. oh well. (:"
if at first you do not suceed ........ then skydiving is not for you!!!
hey trust all my friends have had an awesome weekend. i have mine tomorrow. off to hospice at lunchtime tomorrow. yay
"a big welcome aboard <propmale>, i've signed you up for the next nurturing touch training and encourage you to continue to take one day at a time here - even though you have stirrings of a future profession working with the terminally ill. thanks for all you bring to us.<propmale>, your grandfather's values radiate out of you!j jensen manager of volunteer services, northhaven hospice ipu"
"is thirteen days into his first book, entitled ""a modern <propmale> man"", currently at around twenty seven thousand words."
check out my new video!!!!
"life is beautiful. writers block has finally lifted and my thoughts once again flow freely and this man is at peace.to all my close friends who supported me during this difficult and sad period of my life, coming to terms with the illness and death of my beloved grandmother, i send much love and appreciation."
"haha i may be poor and live from week to week but my life is <propmale>, if i just open my eyes and take a glimpse of my world.my target is set, palliative care nurse, i.c.u nurse or theater nurse, and all my life i never knew until i started at northhaven hospice inpatient unit and found a whole new family dedicated to others.i have great aroha for my hospice family. xxx"
another cop car and another ambo heading rapidly south
"love is roots that grow towards each other underground and when all the pretty <propfemale> has fallen from your branches, you will find out you are one tree not two."
"consider the beauty and innocents of nature, contemplate the statement below and give me some comments. what do you think it means"" a seed must die before it grow"""
there is no good in arguing with the inevitable. the only argument available with an east wind is to put on your overcoat.james <propfirst> <propmale> (1819 – 1891)american poet and essayist
"remember friends, always take so much time in becoming the best person you can,  that you have no time to criticize others for where they fall short.who are we to judge the actions and deeds of another, when we do not walk in their shoes."
"""when ever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. that difference is attitude"" <propfirst> <propfirst>"
"i have had enough of this country, strongly thinking of going to oz, miss my son too much"
another cop car at high speed heading south.
"is so over the <propfemale> happy. i have stood up to one of lifes biggest asks, and gladly say i am starting my volunteer sevice at northhaven hospice, next tuesday at 8.30 in the morning. it appears that the beautiful qualities that were <propmale> <propmale> qualities, my beloved grandfathers qualities, now humbly are mine."
"he that is over-cautious will accomplish little.fredrich <propmale> schiller (1759-1805) <propmale> historian and poet"
"what defines you my friend? is it the errors of your past that hold you captive and punish  your soul? or is it what you passionately pursue in tomorrows, that defines you?remember we all make mistakes we regret friend, its called being human, what we do with those mistakes will either define us, make us stronger, or hold us back from being all life desires us to be."
winter here with avengance tonight.
"7 weeks smokefree today, thanks for all the support, especially <propfemale> for your encouragement, nice to know after 6 years enslaved i finally am free."
"man writing this book is a real big task and has to be done with great sensitivity.in today's society a male author has to be so careful when writing a self help <propmale> for men, that he is clear enough to have the possibility of installing good values into the reader."
"yay, i have sorted out the tax man, he now owes me money. that means immigration australia has no reason now to stop me at the gates when i head over there in a few months."
yay 13 days smokefree and going well
"the planning is well underway, saved half the amount i need for my passport now, got the paperwork, and 2 extra days of work a week now. looks like to do this move, so i can be closer to my son its 7 days a week for the next 3 months, i'll do whatever it takes to see those beloved blue eyes again. im so excited, to be doing something my heart has craved to do ever since he left new zealand."
"<propmale> has found his niche here at north haven - and we are the better for it!this has been a happy union of a young man looking to help people who are vulnerable and soon to leave this life - and hospice who so values having someone with such intuitive understanding of how to be - and work here."
"i think the usual saturday accident has just happened again south of whangarei, 2 ambulance and fire engine heading south.when will people learn to drive slower south of this town?"
"quitting smoking is going ok. have to slowly wean myself off, down to 3 rollies a day now which is harsh, feel sick from the quitting. it makes you feel ill quitting, as your lungs clear out, but i will get there."
"isn't it interesting how ppl can run the gauntlet with cars and then ppl freak when someone gets run over, a guy has just been hit by a <propfirst> right outside our work. and hello we have a pedestrian crossing, which this guy did not use. full road block in place here now. guy knocked out with bad head injury."
"wow my first abusive customer tonight, been here two months so been a good run. lolppl nearing intoxication do not take lightly to be told not to come back tonight, as they wont be served. lol and guess what i no ones bitch lol"
"lol, i really pushed myself outside my comfort zone today and gave myself a military style haircut. i now have a number 1!!"
"doctor said i must quit smoking now. i have developed asthma, and wish i hadnt started smoking. the mistakes we make aye."
"woohoo. after fighting acc since mid feb 2010, i got news today that we beat the bastards today. we won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"over the last two days i have humbly worked 12 hours plus at northhaven hospice inpatient unit, and have had such a wonderful experience.take care my lovelys, especially the ones strong enough to go home today, till we meet again, go in peace.thank you so much for sharing this life of mine."
"has been practicing like crazy his chromatic fingering for his b flat cornet. awesome to have the guidance of <propmale> drozdoff. thanks mate."
remember my friends its not where you have been that matters its where you are going.
"is thankful that a found r and r found a, for in this happening the wheels turn for this man to become real and free. thank you so much with much warmth and affection."
"i tell you what, in the last 23 years i ended up being known as the magnet of bad luck and chaos. the reason for this was ""attitude"" now with being real and true to myself, all of a sudden life has turned, success and blessings are around every corner these days. woohoo"
"love is...a temporary madness.  it erupts like an eathquake and then subsides. and when it subsides you need to make a decision. you have to work out if your roots have become entwined together, if that is the case it is inconcievable that you should ever part.because this is what love is."
"we are thinking of them as who that have been in the past, rather than allowing mental space in our minds, for who they might actually be.as long as one holds a mental image of his partner and someone he is not happy with, she will continue to show up in his eyes that way."
"love is not breathlessness. it is not excitement it is not the premulgation of promises of eternal passion.that is just being ""in love"" which any of us can convince ourselves we are.love itself is what is left over when being ""in love"" has all burned away, and this is both an <propmale> and a fortunate accident."
"whoa reality check lol, what i achieved yesterday, completed nursing application and fixed my car, lol and i know nothing about cars, but replaced distributor cap, rotor and plugs, and rocker cover gasket, cool oj now running properly. yesterday was a pretty cool day, oh and replaced rings in ears with 4 mm plugs. he he"
"to the three kind individuals who put up a good word for me, <propmale> h, <propmale> m, and mum <propmale>, blessings to you, without your votes of confidence, there would be no way i would have been accepted into hospice.much love and <propfemale> to you three."
"right nursing application.two passport photos - checktwo references from persons already in medicine - check, director of medicine and team leader of i.p.u. woohoopersonal statement - checkministry of justice/police check - checkacademic qualifications - checkbirth certificate - checkadditional information form - checkyippeee into the post tomorrow it goes"
"at the same time with the equality of modern woman, he must have a very cautious and open mind, with usage of words so that one does not end up branded sexist.the values of an old society when it comes to being a real man are great but must now be blended into a society where we as genders are both equals."
"had an amazing day yesterday, cementing the 6th of october in my mind and a day to always be remembered and treasured for all my life."
"what do you choose my friend?remember self forgiveness is the path to freedom from everything that holds you back and breaks you down. you only have one life, seize the day!"
"cool, everything falling into place, for me to finally start working in the in patient unit at our local hospice, working as a volunteer, helping make others final days as peaceful and full of hope, as we possibly can, plus support for whanau and friends as well.its a calling i cannot turn away from, i so blessed by this opportunity to serve others in a place where death walks the halls."
"is in a quiet place listening to the corrs and one republic, dealing with a dose of the ""bittersweets"" sigh."
"ha ha nothing like waking up at 3.30 am, writing for a few hours, then go back to bed for a nice sleep in only to be called by your boss at 8am needing a big favour, oh well working till 8.30 tonight by the look of it, by my lonesome self. :)"
"thoughts from the topic ""anger management"" in my book ""a modern <propmale> man""how is anger related to depression?often ones anger becomes ones depression, when we give up fighting a problem, in doing so  one loses the energy of anger, thus becoming depressed, mildly to start with and if left unchecked will develop into deep clinical depression, often needed professional help to get one through."
"thoughts from the topic ""laws of attraction""men if you are in a unhappy ""dissatisfying"" relationship now, stop ""pigeon-holing"" your partner. its a clearly know fact that when we are not happy in our current relationship, we often place our partners in a labelled box, sometimes consciously, most times sub-consciously without realizing it."
"has unpack his 1937 boosey and hawkes b# cornet from its antique box, and after 23 years is playing the lovely thing again."
"an absolutely wonderful moving experience being the first day i worked in the unit at hospice, ainslee and anke would understand why such an event happening today is of such beauty.it was wonderful to bring heaven to one particular dementia patient and see the gratefulness in the eyes of her children."
"cool just recieved my acc payout. halved the money as promised with my dear cobber. have paid for my mining consulting, have done the paperwork for my passport, have penned out dates for <propfirst> to come to nz for christmas, and put the money for his ticket into savings account.surprise son, your coming home for christmas. so excited to see you again my beloved pride and joy."
"men, you must give your partner room to be who she is capable of being , by consciously entertaining higher thoughts or expectations of her.give her the right to live up to or down to your expectations.only in this way can she become someone in your eyes that you understand and can move forward with into a stronger loving relationship."
now lives by the optimist creed
"had an epic day, new tattoo, visited an old fuzzy friend i have so missed, my boy salv, and help cuzzie mow lawns, then an awesome dinner of bangers and mash, woo hoo"
"woohoo, today is a fantastic day, 2 months smoke-free. i can't believe i openly and bluntly told people to their face, i loved smoking, yuck what a pointless habit."
"well buddies. tomorrow morning early i get up and hitch hike my way to palmerston north to be with my beloved <propfemale>, wish me luck for a quick safe journey."
"many depressions therefore, have roots shared with anger - frustration and/or the feeling that others do not care or respect the individual who finds him or herself with a depression."
"what a soul feeding afternoon. i am so happy and peaceful right now. just cared for 3 lovely patients, and am so strongly considering becoming a male nurse. the small things i do at hospice make others so grateful, in turn make me feel so enriched.i think i truly found my calling in life. finally it only took 20 years. lol"
review summary from head of volunteer service at north haven hospice. my home away from home. reads from bottom to top of wall lol.
"we ask that you hold her and this family in your thoughts and prayers at this time.it has been an honour to have shared our lives with this beautiful matriarch, and leader.rest easy our beloved one. love eternal."
"its fantastic to have a birthday without bitterness for the loss of my grandfather 21 years ago on the 4th, as i now am living radiating the one i used to grieve, and am blessed with happiness and peace daily. thank you ganga, love you eternally."
"to our dear friends and family,my dear mother has requested that i post on facebook, that this close family of ours is now all gathered together in palmerston north, at the bedside of our sweet mother, grandmother and great grandmother, as she slowly slips from this life, after a short battle with cancer."
"now all this man has to do, is find a way to keep his promise to his beloved son, <propfirst>, and follow this new passion to do nursing, never had a career path that drove me as much as this.i trust life will lead the way so these two passions of mine can share my world at the same time"
omg its quarter past four in the morning however i got a new tool for creativity and am so in love and such a happy place.
"to any of my friends and family in auckland, i need to find short term stay for my uk girlfriend and her friend while they locate rental accomadation.<propfemale> has been looking for work and secured work in mission bay, required to start work 10am tomorrow but cannot locate rental yet.if anyone can help for accomadation please message me urgently, your help would be greatly appreciated"
"well life, i challenge you to lead the way, it's about time i stood up and do something for others instead if selfishly striving to get something for me, sorry life, sometimes you lose focus on whats really important, like the lives of those who's time in this life is limited, not like my own.cheers for everything in life i have been through that has shaped me into the person i am today."
"we are to all be too large for worry, too <propmale> for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble."
"the next three years are going to be so bloody scary and full on, in my year 1 alone i study, 15 weeks of placement, and have to work as well. the 2nd year, 13 weeks of placement, and the 3rd year of my degree i have 20 weeks of placement.scary stuff especially when a 13 year old is proud of you and tell you he is happy you started working in the i.p.u."
"friends, need suggestions on what second language i should learn this year from the list below.challenge me and vote :)1 french2 spanish3 te reo4 japanese5 italian"
"isn't it interesting how you once again find yourself at another fork in the road, trying to come to terms with grief and loss of ones close to you, and realizing that you have a duty to <propfemale> on and be strong for them, even though you miss them like crazy, and just wish for a massive hug, and reassuring eyes. i miss you both. i promise you that this man is going to make you both proud, rip"
write your name in ninja: a=ka b=zu c=mi d=te e=ku f=lu g=ji h=r i=ki j=zu k=me l=ta m=rin n=to o=mo p=no q=ke r=shi s=ari t=chi u=do v=ru w=me x=na y=fu z=zi
"awesome bidding on a racing bike on trademe, going to get rid of oj, and ride again.i have saved over $700 in the last two weeks, get rid of the car thats an additional $40 per wk.the bikes going to save me heaps, and by july at this rate of saving i can get a healthy car and laptop for studys, yay"
"tell you what i'm glad i went through everything in my live, the trauma the grief and the scars that made me me. without these things in my life, there would be no compassion, no empathy, no intuition, no selflessness that makes me me.my good friend maka told me <propfemale> kaha, my roots go deep like a totara tree and its so so true. onwards a proud man, standing tall and smiling."
"grateful to life, that i have been blessed with sweet company, through tough times and learnt so much on what it means to do ones best for others no matter the price.no greater gift that giving all of ones self for someone elses future.thank you life :)"
"i promise to fight on <propfirst> and find a way to keep my word to you. i love my son and he is one amazing young man who makes me so so proud.i could not wish in life to have a better son, <propfirst> you make me so happy even when you are so many <propmale> away, and i see you so so rarely, wouldn't trade anything for the love and happiness you bring to your father. xoxoxoxox"
"my good friends, think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. <propfemale> <propfirst>"
"cool another week of work over, and still moving positively forward towards my nursing career, advanced training course next week at the ipu, hmmm that means two day weekend then 12 days work straight, bring it on!!!!!"
"well the orbea roadbike is super quick, 12 minutes from el viso place in kamo to liquorland kensington, 19 minutes to otaika, otaika is 9.5km.upgrades done so far, new seat, lights, carbon fiber front forks, carbonpro stem and handle bars."
"is sitting here listening to placebo, thinking of his dear best friend who he misses so so badly"
"life,i never have been one to deserve to ask for anything, as so much of my life has been shallow and selfish....but this morning i ask sweetly one thing..please bring my best friend back to me"
"im so excited!! today at 1300hrs i do my first skydive from 10,000 feet, will upload photos. woo hoo"
"absolutely happy as, thats one less thing on my bucket list!!!!i encourage everyone, write a bucket list, it will make life so much more enriching and worthwhileif i had my  time again, i would have started a bucket list many years ago"
"looking to get a crew together for a team sky jump, three of us so far, anyone else interested?the more in the crew the cheaper the jump price"
"cross ur fingers for me, months of planning has come down to me receiving a congratulatory letter from northtech saying i have been accepted for an interview for bachelor of nursing.interview is at 10.30 am on tuesday the 31st of may"
"well folks. it is official, i'm accepted for the bachelor of nursing july intake, i start my degree on the 26th. i'm so happy. its been 9 months of planning to get this far."
