92
9504dafaba40702cd047f94871b6af59
40
+
i lost my phone yesterday
"well i hate going 2 the hospital, i miss my kids 2 much but when u gotta go u gotta go. a week was 2 long. the new ucla hospital was nice, big 2, u can get loss n there"
"god is good everyday, even when you are trobled and dont think he is there, he is! i have faith everyday, even at my darkest times!"
"im just so tired, i dnt wanna do anything anymore. i wanna leave the properties along and just rest. i dnt wanna answer the phone or text. i need a drink"
to all my fb fam have a wonderful happy thanksgiving;););)
"hey fb, anybody know about the bike giveaway and where it is??? <propfemale> park,  the forum, coliseum i cant seem to find it."
it hasnt even been a mth and i am so fatigued. i am struggling just 2 hold my head up. i fell like i was robbed. there is so much i wanna do and can't. but yes i am greatful 4 what i can sometimes do. i am a perservering type of person all ways pushing myself even when i shouldnt. that might just be a butler thang.  i am thankful 4 life fam bam and all of gods creations.
<propfemale> christmas everyone. hope you all have  blessed day
"mann it has been a long & tiresome 3wks, but i am happy to say my babys surgery went okay, he is doing better and now is at home as of last night.  yeaaa, but he still has a small hump 2get over."
anybody looking or know someone who is looking for a place to rent. i have a 2story 3bed/1bath not to far from slauson and <propfirst> ness for rent email me trariq@att.net
the power of prayer is a wonderful thing...
i love you family
who remembers popping popcorn on the stove?? does anyone do this anymore lol. i did this with my kids yesterday. they didnt think it was gonna pop. it was so funny watching there reactions :)
2 my closest peps plz do not ask me about my friend anymore just dnt...thats all i ask
what's good my fb peps??
u want me come get me full circle  lol
i am <propfemale> over u
well 2day was a good day and everything i set out to accomplish was done :)
if ur in a relationship or married appreciate what u have because if u dnt believe me somebody else will.
well good night every1...im off 2 bed 4 another long day
message part 2 cont: believe again so people u cant always judge people by what u think u no bout a person bkuz u dnt no there story or where there headed. & i have faith and believe again. thank you (clw)
now im goin 2 bed lol
true forgiveness is letting go because you only get what you put in and you can't find peace untill you find all the pieces so how about we just eat pray and love our way to a new beginning.....
there are times in our lives when something can hit you so hard and unexpectedly that it knocks you all the way down to where your ass and face touches the ground but you need to remember if god brought you to it god will bring you through it...keep your head up... there are many who have been where you are now and survived the storm to get to there rainbow <3 <3 <3
im tired now long day 2morrow goodnight
good night all see ya n a couple of days gots 2 get my rest :)
happy birthday lil sis. but u still aint grown lol
i have so much 2 say but just cant say it here!!!!
sometimes when ur mind is in a whirlpool and u dnt no which way to turn just remember 2 always look up.
"day 1 change your fb profile picture to a cartoon pic from your childhood... the goal is to not see a human face on your fb friend list until monday december 6th... join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status to invite friends to do the same"
"when words fail, try actions, they make more sense anyway"
good morning fb what are we gonna do 2day????
wyd fb fam what ever ur situation always try & make the best of it & pray. but there r some situations that u just shouldnt b n & n the back of ur mind u no it well mayb its time 2 move on & keep it pushin & thats whats up!!!!
"insurance companies dnt really work 4 u. they work 4 themselves i have a brand new engine in my car less than 60,000 on it and do u no they totaled my car based on body damage (a front bumper/ oh wee) and want to give me less than $600.00 they r out of there mind. they didnt even do a mechanical analysis. it wasnt even our fault and the driver had no dl, fake name all that plus... im just so upset"
im gone fb. see ya when i see ya. if u got my # hit me up
calling it a night
yesterday some1 told me i dropped my dime had me kinda sad but i still tic and i toc ya heard me
"got new phone, phone company can't sync info. so hit me up so i can put #'2 back in my phone"
vegas here we come. we were supossed 2 leave at 5am but i knew that wasnt gonna happen. lol
i wanna go home & get n my bed rite now:(
so far so good but its gonna b another long day
cont. & tryen 2 figure out y u goin thru so much trial tribulation pain & all the extra extra bs over dumb ass decisions that dnt make no since ask urself this question the question i will not post only those of u who understand will no the question
i am lost and need guidance somtimes i feel trapped but i know there is an open door somewhere i just need 2 find it
sooo bored but dnt wanna go 2 bed
i cant stand when sum1 thinks they no u and try to put u on blast but what they keep 4getten is u always stay 1 step ahead
dust that dirt off your shoulders
she's a sweet and gentle flower growing wild!!
"okay no im really--- gin,tequilla and sprite"
my computer is fixed and im back yall
im home
dam like that!
"love is life's beautiful mystery. it often comes as a surprise filling the heart with sudden joy, sefless and giving. love places the happiness of another before one's own. it inspires with passion, nurtures with generosity and enriches with it's spirit. there is no limit to its magic. love is eternal."
ughhhhh!!!!
"no sleeping here, my baby baby is sick :("
no your worth!!
good morning all :)
been up since the wee hrs of the am and 2day so far is wonderful
let's see how creative my fb family/friends are... leave a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name... it can only be 1 word... then copy & paste this to ur wall so i can leave a word about u... don't just post a word & not copy... that's no fun
good morning fb let's get this day started on a good note u only get 2day once so make the best of it!
"those that no ima empahsis.can can or text pr textr"
10 inches:(
man if it aint 1 thang its another :( what w way 2 start the day
good nite fb
good night facebook
"i dnt thinkl im.gonna say much here anymore just happy holidays say and make sure they say it and you really no (small things ) count 2 all yall yall thirsry b**ches im outro"
good nite fb its gonna b a hard longgg day 2morrow y am i even on fb rite now i dnt no well i do but good nite :)
ohh weee look at that. gooo lakers
lord i need you now more than ever hear my crys hear my heart speak out to you hear me hear me hear me now! in jesus christ name amen
good nite fb
dnt mess wit me...
alright good night fb. hopefully will meet again 2morrow:)
ughhhh i need a new computer
thanks fam for all the happy birthdays :)
rebuttle: u know sometimes people come in and out of ur life and some come back into ur life after a period of time but its up 2 u 2 figure out which 1s need 2 be there bkuz theres some people n relationships(friends/lovers/spouses) with people they were only meant 2 be w/ for a sec so when ur reanalyzing ur life
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good. so, love the people who treat you right. pray for the ones who don't.life is too short to be anything but happy. falling down is part of life...getting... back up is living~re-post if you agree."
got a lot on my mind
change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. we are the ones we've been waiting for. we are the change that we seek!!
anesa love  happy birthday!!
when a man or woman cheats and u know they are cheating what makes you think they are goin to treat you any different? do u no how 2 read between the lines on whats real and whats not?  what's real???
wyd fb nothing like being @ home and in ur own bed but yall dnt hear me thou
dnt no how many more days but just left icu about 10min ago and ready 2 go home
u r 2 funny...ive been here 4 awhile lol
god is good and i am sooo blessed!
we dnt have time 4 those type of games games r 4 kids
there goes myyyy babyyyyyy
"perspective can change challenging obstacles into beautiful scenery...either way, we gotta go through to get to the other side!"
good nite fb gotta get some sleep
why me? the break down.
no kids 4 the wkend... all ready got plans :)
actions speak louder than words
also if you have the opportunity 2 do something or/that can b a change n ur life u should take it that opportunity might not come knocking again!!!
....the storm....
what's good fb? im up feeling kinda good. what's on the agenda 4 2day we shall see :)-
be true 2 yourself
wyd fam lil sis call me
i have this vibe going on just this feeling n my gut that everything is gonna b okay
"it is atrojan worm calledkoobface. it will steal your info, invade your systemand shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! ifsmartgirl15 requests you, don't accept it; it is a virus. if somebody on your list .........adds her ...then you get the virus too! .."
happy new years
relationships need both men & women to work together to survive the key to survival is understanding. and the secret to understanding is compromise. men taking a back seat can give you a <propmale> to see how your woman drives but only the secure men can do that. men & women who solve their life's issues are not looking for unnecessary drama in their lives. keep it simple. ~daryle murrell~
good morning hope every1 has a blessed day now im off 2 church
"u should learn something new everday, and man have i, u no who im talkin 2 goodnite fb"
good nite fb fam
"when you finally get out of the unhealthy relationship. 1. think about what you want and need in the next relationship 2. communicate your expectations to the next man 3. when he tests those expectations and he will, sit and address your concerns. 4. when he violates it again and he will. don't give him another <propmale> leave him alone...you need to establish standards & rules. he will respect you ~daryle murrell~"
"i love me <propfemale> much i no that i gotta do it right, there is no other way"
im callin it a nite got class n the am....good night all
there is justy so much on my mind i havent been 2 sleep since yesterday morning i know im gonna pay 4 it
"message 2 all (u) including myself: u no sometimes people say u r a product(victim) of ur surroundings i am also 1 who oftens says this but u no what i dnt believe that bs. u always have a choice & sometimes ur choices, beliefs and asperations need 2 change.  or god steps n & slows u down in many diff ways and u have 2 make diff decisions reassessing & reevaluating ur life then some1 or something happens 2 make u"
good nite fb im tired had a long day
life is full of surprises but its ur job 2 be prepared 4 them
"some1 asks u a question not any1 some1 close spouse,boy/girlfriend bestfriend and so they deserve a respectable honest answer rite? well u give it 2 them u let them no how u really truly feel about a situation and then they say u coulda lied 2 me or waited 2 tell me truth when i was gone. what the hell kinda shit is that. if u didnt want the truth dnt ask. can some1 any1 help me here bkuz i dnt get that smh"
my babys r sick been up alll night watching over then havent had any sleep yet ive never had 2 get sick at the same time mann
my babys went back 2 school 2 day. yeah lol. 5th & my little warrior started kinder he will n school alll day not that 3hr stuff those that no no what im talken bout. well its time 4 me 2 put my best foot forward & well u no the rest.
wish i could here your voice again i miss our convos
sometimes people do think b4 u speak bkuz when u dnt u never really know how it effects u and those around u until its 2 late. im out
good morning fb fam every1 have a blessed day
my head is pounding...loving the rain... now all i need is a warm body next 2 mine
"men..try sharing your desires, dreams, and fantasies with women be honest with your feelings! trust me this is how we as men can build a intimate relationship with a woman... re-post from (daryle murrell)"
where r u????
<propfemale> arie-theres hope
"my message 2 all including myself:  2 get something u never had, you have 2 do something u never did. 4 ex: just like u have 2 think outside the box sometimes u have 2 get out the box get out ur comfort zone bkuz if u dnt u might have or may have missed out when opportunites presented. dnt b affriad go 4 what u no if u gonna strive strive hard 100% or more bkuz if u cant give it ur all then y strive at all."
"message 4 the day: everyday life throws punches ur way. its all about how u handle it. so pick urself up, dust urself off and keep it pushen!!!!!!!!"
"facebook launched facebook places recently. anyone can find out where you are when you are logged in. it gives the actual address & map location of where you are as you use facebook. to undo: go to""account"", ""accountsettings"",""notifications"", then scroll down to ""places"" and uncheck the 2 boxes. make sure... to save changes and re-post this!!"
"yayy my babys is felling better, fevor gone hope it stays that way and he woke up saying he wanted hamburger's lol"
what it do fb 2 day was a good day
keep it pushen and move on
"acchoo!!!........?(-???•?)?....if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people, keep this sneeze going.........i can't wait to see who all does this...."
good nite fb---im goin 2 bed gotta get my dream on
good nite fb
time 4 change and a new begining
happy birthdayyyy to you happy birthdayyyyy to you happy birthdayyyyy to mahkayla happy birthday to you and many more on channel 4 watch scooby doo on channel 2... i dnt no the rest lol.    may all your wishes and dreams come true. love you aunty taka
yesterday and 2day have been sooo weird 4 me...im ready 2 go out and have some fun
mann this s**t dnt stop does it?? somebody broke into my car this mornen. of all the nice ass cars w/ rims beat and all the above they wanna f**k wit my s**t and outta all the s**t n the car worth $$ all they took was a punk as portable radio and drill. smmfh. that aint no random as job. go figure
sometimes u think u no a person then they do or say something that makes u question everything about them and/or ur thought process
well im tired and off 2 school n the morning good nite fam
danggg everybody on here 2nite...well the kids r sleep and ready 4 school 2morrow
good nite fb
good nite yall
alots been going on 2nite so if i dnt gwt 2 tell ya <propfemale> xp_mas and happy holiday and luv ya well sum of ya lol
uhgggggggg
good night :(.......
"im thru, im done, good nite fb// tired"
"we fly high, no lie, stay focused!"
good night yall gots 2 go
"once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.-- <propmale> lombardi"
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has? or? had ? cancer. ? all ? i ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ?cure. ? 93% ?won't ? copy ? & ? paste ? this. ? will ? you ? for ?just ? one? hour?
listening 2 my dad play the sax over the phone rite now lol 2 see how he has improved :)
i miss my mom i wish she were here so i could tell her whats goin on n my life and how i fill and so she see her grandkids i can still see her smile. dang!!!!! but thats life for ya...
if u can read this u have already been bleesed with another day so make the best of it regardless of any drama that may surround you!! have a beautiful day yall its friday :-)
dang man everybody out and about but me wth this gotta change and soon very very soon im goin crazy i need 2 get out
sooo tired...not sleepy
alright i guess imma call it a night
is what your doing today making tomorrow a better day???
im calling it a nite really tired was a long day good night fam
"believe, trust and have faith"
it was another long day but all is well
well 2day is my 1st borns birthday he is 10yrs old wow where did the time go i remember when he was just tryen 2 walk holding on 2 the couch but the couch was 2 tall lol u could barely see the top of his head
has any1 ever found themself thinkin about any1 person more than u would ever know (not ur child) plz respond
it's early n the morning & i will put breakfast on ur table & make sure ur that ur...
good night fb
always stay positive and surround yourself with positive reenforcements and make everyday a productive day
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this. i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is. i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart. if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best. if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you..i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post"
good night
"men & women forgiveness is a gift you give to yourself - its not about the other person. when breakups, infidelity and divorce happens you must allow yourself to heal, so that we can move on and be happy. stop being bitter and be better! ~daryle murrell~"
good night
resources: there r resources all around u sometimes life can get u downand ur not sure what 2 do or where 2 go well if u open ur eyes and ur ears u will see that there r resources out there willing 2 help those that get off there behind and try 2 help themselves...resources come in many diff. forms...wake up open ur eyes and keep it pushin do what u got 2 do
i can't sleep and i dnt feeeeel good--in my whining voice
"when i pray, i pray for u, i pray for me, i pray for all"
well good night fb
what up fb?
good morning all
"sometimes we find ourselves in situations we never saw ourselves being in.  well, if you find urself in that situation and your mind so clouded and over-whelmed the best thing to do is back up, take some time to clear your mind, so you can actually think straight then make your decisions regarding that situation."
i love my godmom :) and she always know what 2 say!!
good morning every1...so far so good can hope it continues
i like it next to the bed
good night all sweet dreams
......the storm.....
life is what u make it there will always b trials and tribulations it is how u handle them thats shows who u r
dnt let people get u dwn u can only do ur best & if ur best is not good enough like i said b4 dust it off...sumtimes its hard but u gotta do what u gotta do be happy &surround urself w/those that help u up not dwn...goodnite
need energy n cityville can u plz send me some
"still i rise, still i fight, still i might crack a smile, keep my eye on the prize, see my haters tell""em hi----nm"
wow did any1  just see the seattle game?
im here 4 now where r
life is like a box of chocolates never know what you gonna get lol
well i think im goin 2bed now good nite all
"so what u wanna do, u gonna get fired up...lol  this is gonna b a good wkend and im headed 2 moval"
4yes im still stllk here but hopefully ill b com.infg home soon i have 4 who have my.heart. and i have 2.get.it rite. this. time no turming on my what u want...you hear me bkuz i no u can read this /d u no ur initials clm
good morning every1 make the best of ur day bkuz once its gone u cant get it back!!
happy thanksgiving fb fam
ughhhh....ya heard me
have a good sunday everyone <3
good morning every1 2day is gonna b a great day bkuz i say so :)
out here n moval chillin
"post this as your status and see what people want from you inbox only!1. a baby2. a second <propmale>3. sex...4. kiss...............5. friendship only6. chill7. cuddle8. a long term relationship9. a good laugh10. an apology11. a hug12. be minesee more"
well i have 2 say 2day and this wkend was kinda interesting...i have faith that it can only get better...
hey <propfemale> better late than never...happy b-day
whoo hoooo lol
@ lady m...hmu
well im going to be out and about 2day hope all is well
going back 2 sleep
@<propmale> thats the most positve statment ive heard n awhile thks...keep yo head up
i dislike it but sometimes its whats best
"my intentions are always good,but my intuition is always correct"
good morning fb
im <3 it but it can always b better :)
it's been a really long day
you have to feel it in your heart
dinner was off the chain!!! lol :)
i told u that wasnt meant 4 u...im glad to hear u take value in my words and me
ok im starting 2 get sleepy now and im not so irritated at another when im just really upset with myself... good night all
i told u that wasnt meant 4  u...im glad u  take value in my words and me
happy birthday <propfemale>!!
uno mas <propfemale>
"up on a good note, now lets see what i can accomplish 2day :)"
recognition is the first step... what's your next step?
u had a good day now lets make it a great night
cm im rite here dwn the street from u so hmu
watchin the kids play twister...how funny they can be lol
always count your blessings!!
im ya baby
clm//stop telling me and show me!!
gin
who actually knows me? i bet nobody can answer all the questions correctly. first name____ middle name____ last name____ age____ birthday____ hair color____ nickname____ favorite color____ best friend____ the person i want to be with right now____? set this as your status to see who gets it right.... but maybe just maybe 1 person will... get them all right!! ready?? set?? go??
@ my god mom---on 2 the next
omgosh my head just wont stop pounding
good morning fb have a pleasant day
omgosh i think i need 2 update my wireless box...this is crazy
"can't tell you nothing you aint already heardno matter what i say it's nothing but wordsno matter what you say it's nothing butwordsi believe that love is synonymous"
it's been a long day already...but im getting it done so no complaints here trying not to complain as much anymore lol i have alot to b grateful for so always count your blessing
"some…women think after having a sexual connection with a man that he “naturally” knows he's in a committed relationship with her. your wrong with some men but not most of us. if you want a man to know he’s in a committed relationship & understand the things you want in that relationship, you have to communicate with him in clear & direct terms. yeah, that’s right be vulnerable and communicate. ~daryle murrell~"
good morning world have a great sunday!!
"...life is crazy sumtimes...u can say all the rite things thats true n ur heart, even show ur actions come from the heart, have a connection w/sum1 then bam...but no matter u should always b treated with respect!!"
we got to move it move it...good morning fbf have a great day!  keep ya mind on ya grind
good nite
ughhh...so frustrated right now!!!
wyd fb? so who is goin to the all-star game?
he lied... lol   it was all a lie....
good morning fb 2day is gonna be a great day
i miss my ganny
2 the ones who need 2 hear this and ive said it b4 actions speak louder than words so whatever he is saying it is just words and means nothing if he is not backing it up with his actions...hear me loud and cear!!!
"psa-your attention please: everyone's phone number is now on face book!! serious business! real talk! so, go to the top right of your screen, click on account, then edit friends. go to the left side of your screen & click on phone book, everyone's phone <propfirst> are now being published. continue below."
i have an extremely vivid imagination and somtimes it works against me uhgg
idk no y im wide awake and my boys will b up n 3hrs
"please put this as your status if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (lupus, diabetes, crohns, pcos, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, ms, depression, mg, bipolar, m.e, autism/aspergers etc). do it for all who have an invisible illness. it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside"
"short or long hair, big or skinny, light or dark, short or tall, red bottoms or payless. make up or natural, size dd or aaa. phd or ged. it doesn't matter. you are all women and still beautiful and appreciated. ~daryle murrell~"
"while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked. go to account|account settings|account security and click change. check at least the first setting, fb defaults to the non-secure setting. copy and repost"
blueberry
grape
"(woman) why settle to be with him? do you love him more then you love yourself? you know your worth but, he doesn't because your still with him accepting less. men don't treat all women the same. he neglects you and takes you for granted...but he respects, appreciates and is attentive too the woman that (doesn't settle). to damn bad it's not you! dont you deserves more? ~daryle murrell~"
i'm letting my son cook dinner 2nite and he choose bisquits over cornbread and it is sooo funny watching him open the bisquits waiting for the pop...he keeps stopping then goin lmbo
"sum1 made a comment and i want to reply. they said their is nothing wrong w/ being n a relationship if its the right person...agreed... but that same person who they ""think"" is right for them is  in another relationship or married nooo and if your willing to settle and go along with it your self-esteem among other things isnt to high...ijs"
good morning fbf have a blessed day!!
okay im hungryyy good nite fb
between the lines
don't make someone your priority when they make it clear that you are only an option. ijs......lady m
everything in life is a choice. either you make it...or it gets made for you. there will always be options.....being chosen changes the game.
r.i.p--walter
".....i remember now, from the day we meet all the way 2 the day i left early in the morning. i remember you, i remember me, i remember the convos in detail the clothes you wore, where you lived, how you talked to me, how you handled me, i remember the bites and the bark(insider) lmao...the point is i remember......."
"an old man once said... there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good. so love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who don't. life is too short to be anything but happy. falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living ~ re-post if you agree."
good night
"well i was trying to sleep in but my kids have <propmale> up since 6 this morning like they have to go 2 school or sumthing danggg, they dnt even get up that early on school days but they dnt no im about 2 put them 2 work lol"
"if you're not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you.(: (1)= crazy. (2)= i'd marry you. (3)= attractive. (4)= sarcastic. (5)= i miss you. (6)= i`d kiss you. (7)= moody. (8)= smart. (9)= imaginative. (10)= random. (11)= hot. (12)= funny. (13)= fit. (14)= amazing. (15)= tough. (16)= cute. (17)= i'd hit you with a bus.... (18)= i love you. (19)= weirdo. (20)=amazing--re-post by <propmale>"
is long gone missin
"your having an emotional affair with him. he is having sex with you! your giving him your time, heart and love. he is giving you just his manhood! you need to be with him, he just wants to have sex with you, you love him, he likes you and loves his woman or wife! (ouch) ~daryle murrel~"
"omgosh making an appointment for the dmv made a hugeeee difference. i have nvr been in and out of there under an hour lol...but im on the road again, u cant stop this baby"
good night facebook
according to a doctor today the normal iron level in a body is around 25%...so why/how is it that a person can go the doctor's weekly be in and out the hosiptal more than 4 times in a three mth period each time  staying a period of no less than week and have an iron level of 2.5% and this not be detected...smmfh
-trust in yourself starts with being okay with the consequences of your decisions.
whatever    lmao
"life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the <propmale>, a tragedy for the poor....unknown"
wow really so childish!!!
everything will be okay just pray on it. 1luv
"i am so cool rite now, im colder than ice"
"keep this going....heavenly father, walk through my house, take away all my worries, any illnesses, please watch over and heal my family, & comfort my friends in jesus name, amen. this prayer is so powerful . stop what your doing and set this to your status, and watch what he will do!!!! i did"
????????
"it’s hard loving somebody , when you know deep down inside they will never love you the same ."
there is more that meets the eye about you
