416
0de3fb81289774833b1a3ff7e5b86701
41
+
"what the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly."
it's strange how music can make the time fly by.
"one down, one to go just another bullet in the chamber."
"what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i've ever heard, everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. may god have mercy on your soul."
sphygmomanometer... say that five times fast.
"cognitive neurobiology, lets see who understands this term."
"neurocardiogenic syncope, you may suffer from this and not even know what the hell i'm talking about."
"""that is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons even death may die."""
"killing a man with your bare hands says: we're all equals as men except i'm slightly more equal because i'm still alive and your dead. of course dropping a nuke on them from 50'000 ft. is perfectly acceptable, i mean lets face it there's not enough time in this busy world to show everybody the courtesy of a good strangling."
"tattoos...  i'll stick with scars and road rash any day, ink is for pussies."
"just when i think i'm the only one around 3 people walk out of the shaddows with brooms in hand then they stop, strike a heroic pose and then one of them yells thunder cats hoooo! and they all take off running.... its too early for this shit."
today's notable bumper sticker: my bird is smarter than your honor student.
"just won a years supply of toilet paper, think i'll go tp the white house."
"here is a fun fact for you surface dwellers that i encountered after having a flare roll off into a hole near a colony's abandoned roost, guano aka bat shit is highly explosive."
"""you've gotta have a nice rack to bounce the big ones"". only one person on here will know what i'm talking about."
"it's not the height i'm afraid of, falls have never killed anyone.... it's hitting the ground that bothers me."
"that is the last time i run a pair of insanely over sized underwear up the flag pole at work, how the hell was i to know that people were going to stop and salute? i don't know who's worse me for running it up or them for saluting."
the beating will continue till morale improves!!!
funny bone? it's not so humerus once you knock the hell out of it.
"lame duck, chicken crap...  is it me or has the house started using more fowl words here lately?"
don't you hate it when you put on your boots  and only after you lace them up do you realize  there's a big damn scorpion in the boot you didn't shake out.
halt! lassen sie mich sehen in der dokumentation ihres schnurrbart.
"chemolithoautotrophic bacteria.....  proof that life isn't ""as we know it"" who says there is no life on mars?, planets we deem uninhabitable could very well support other variations of this bacteria."
