522
2eedcc9edd76d99e6943095e45fc02e9
39
+
"i kinda wish my hair would grow a little quicker. it's kinda short right now, am i right y'all?"
"getting more hard work done today, then i am gonna chill in the pool :)"
i am going to bed early tonight
i love the movie school of rock. <propfirst> black is so effin hilarious!
i wanna say thanks to everyone that took pics at the reunion! i'm glad i got to see all of you :)
so sad about <propfirst> <propmale>.
bored
is letting her hair grow. no more cutting for at least a month.
"soooooooooooooo tired, wanna go home now."
"can't wait! going to seaworld in the mornin! yay, vacation for <propfemale>!!!"
who all from ths is going to the reunion thing on friday nite? me and <propfemale> are riding together - hope to see you out there!
life sucks and then you die
i want to thank everyone who left me a note. i have been feeling really crappy lately but i am feeling better tonight. i appreciate all of your kind words.
please look at  my sister's pics
cowboys and tampa tomorrow!
"with the luck i have with ""men"", maybe i should turn into a lesbian. maybe one of these ads in the right column actually have some meaning?"
classes 2 of 15 tonight
"facebook experiment...if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you. (just for fun!)"
fixing to start on homework. woo hoo!
it's sad when you have to turn on the ac in order to wear a hoodie.
wish my programming teacher would post our homework that's due tuesday. i hate waiting on other people to do what i gotta do!
"even if you don't achieve your goals, you're better for trying. applaud yourself."
"it's warm outside today, but the pool is too cold.  who wants to go to oktoberfest tonight?"
gettin sleepy. time to go nitenite.
"happiness                    is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in                    <propfemale>.                   ~mahatma gandhi"
i want some mexican food. i need some mexican food. sounds really good.
my new fav song is don't be a douchebag by junk smokers     finally something to make me laugh again
watching frost nixon
"gonna kick it at home tonight. worked too much yesterday, but it was worth it!"
old navy needs to stop sending me coupons. i keep spending money on me instead of christmas presents.
"man, i am up so freakin early on my day off. boo!"
nite nite everyone. busy day again tomorrow.
gotta do homework today :/
broke my toe. boo.
gobble gobble y'all  :) happy turkey day!!!
"<propfirst> vs. saints. wonder who's gonna win that one? of course, my <propfirst>"
im bored
two of the hottest guys in one movie? reckless... with rdj and <propfirst> law? i am so going to see this one!
"urgent! facebook virus alert. an email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra. this is a virus. to fix it, you must remove your bra, then go to settings> enable webcam> record movie>. please repost to your status message."
black
chillin on a sunday afternoon. i am liking this weather.
i hate when other people think they can desyroy stuff i bought with my money.
"where is the snow? i wanna see snow. it's only supposed to sleet though, so i guess it aint gonna happen."
"foreigner is coming to the <propmale> center on saturday, march 20 at 8:00pm. tickets are $30 + fees from ticketmaster. anyone wanna go?"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot. idiots affect the lives of many. there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness. 93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste. will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
lost my job! oh well. more time for me. it's not like i was making enough money to live anyways.
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor, and on 3/27/10 will be doing beer at the cocoa beach pier reggae fest. come out and see a sista!"
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 near the gazebo by dog n bone, and then on 2/27 in the pepsi trailer on brevard avenue. woo hoo!!! i can't wait. i washed my beads already and getting my outfit together. thuper exthited>)"
need to do my homework but i cant seem to focus. ugh
doing homework. woohoo (not)
"explanation of the name <propfemale> from urbandictionary.com: a person who is loving and caring. loyal to everyone important in her life and is easy to forgive, but won't let someone walk all over her. she steals the heart of everyone she dates, because she is real. very few girls often like this person, because they feel threatened or intimidated by her."
"myheritage.com said i look like charlize <propmale>, but also <propfirst> hatfield from metallica. go figure :p"
colts=count on losing the superbowl
"colts need to give it up, lol"
colts=count on losing the superbowl
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor, and on 3/27/10 will be doing beer at the cocoa beach pier reggae fest. come out and see a sista!"
<propfirst>! <propfirst>! gooooooooooooooo <propfirst>! kick them yankees back home boys!
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26 & 2/27 i will be pouring liquor, and on 3/27 will be doing beer at the cocoa beach pier reggae fest. come out and see a sista!"
"<propfirst> your calendars:   mardi gras cocoa village, feb 26 & 27th i will be slangin' dranks so come see me. sorry, not doing beer this time. on mar 27 at the cocoa beach pier for reggae fest, i will be working a beer booth (more than likely). come see me!!!"
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 in the gazebo by dog n bone, and 2/27/10 by the civic center, closer to the river."
"has anyone seen the movie, ""the goods; live hard, sell hard""? this movie is hilarious!!!"
mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be serving liquor. come see me!
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26 & 2/27 i will be pouring liquor, and on 3/27 will be doing beer at the cocoa beach pier reggae fest. come out and see a sista!"
cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor for mardi gras!
"just for one moment.... think about someone special in your life who has passed.... someone who has touched your life and made a difference. honor that person by copying this message and posting it in your status.... remind yourself and others that, as long as we remember.....they will live in our hearts forever ? ?"
"mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10, at the gazebo in front of dog n bone - hollar at me cuz i will be bartending with two of my best girls <propfemale> and angel, find us!!!"
happy birthday <propfemale> sharek and <propfirst> corbin-wardlow!
"whatcha doing next friday night? wanna get your drink on? well then, come see me at the cocoa village mardi gras, i will be stationed by the gazebo in front of dog n bone. come on down!"
unemployed and hating it. ugh. anyone know of someone hiring?
it's a european shoulder bag
"thought of you with love   today, but that is nothing new. i thought about you yesterday and days   before that too. i think of you in silence, i often speak your name. all   i have are memories and a picture in a frame. your memory is a   keepsake, with which i will never part. god has you in his keeping, i   have you in my heart. repost if you have a loved one in heaven."
"thought of you with love  today, but that is nothing new. i thought about you yesterday and days  before that too. i think of you in silence, i often speak your name. all  i have are memories and a picture in a frame. your memory is a  keepsake, with which i will never part. god has you in his keeping, i  have you... in my heart. repost if you have a loved one in heaven.    rip steph  rip <propfirst>"
"via the  cocoa beach pier:                 the naturalistics  have been added to the line up of performances we will all see at reggae  beach splash at the cocoa beach pier. these men consist of a few of the  most talented musicians on the east coast of florida who have come  together to form a fresh new blend of reggae, jazz, funk, and rock! get  your tickets now to make sure you get to see them perform live!"
boooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrred
cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor for mardi gras!
has cabin fever because she doesn't have to go to work...  this sucks!
r.i.p. <propfirst> roberts. tonight we lay you to rest.
<propfirst> roberts' funeral information: tuesday at the indian river methodist church on hwy 50 in t'ville. 5:00pm  viewing with funeral directly afterward.
"not working mardi gras tonight, the weather is gonna be sucky. sorry y'all!"
is bored so i am installing thunderbird.
"mardi gras parade tonight! come out and get you some beads! $12 @ the gates, which is cheaper than last year. i will be bartending on brevard ave, find me!"
"i have a beer cart scheduled for the cocoa  beach pier's reggae beach splash! come out saturday, 3/27 and see a sista, big  time!"
"thought of you with love   today, but that is  nothing new. i thought about you yesterday and days   before that too. i  think of you in silence, i often speak your name. all   i have are  memories and a picture in a frame. your memory is a   keepsake, with  which i will never part. god has you in his keeping, i   have you... in  my heart. repost if you have a loved one in heaven."
and mardi gras cocoa village on 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor with <propfemale> on brevard avenue by the civic center!
"mardi gras parade tonight! come out and get you some beads! $12 @ the gates, which is cheaper than last year. i will be bartending on brevard ave, find me!"
worried about payton...
"<propfirst> your calendars, mardi gras cocoa village on 2/26/10 & 2/27/10 i will be pouring liquor, and on 3/27/10 will be doing beer at the cocoa beach pier reggae fest. come out and see ur gurl!"
we all look so purty when we're faded...
new laptop! woo hoo!!!
"while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked. go to account|account settings|account security and click change. check at least the first setting, otherwise fb defaults to the non-secure setting. copy and repost..."
"terms used by women: 1.fine-this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are right and you need to shut up. 2.nothing-this means something and you should be wary. 3.go ahead-this is a dare, not permission. don't do it! 4.whatever-is a woman's way of saying f*you! 5.that's ok-she's thinking long and hard before deciding how and when you will pay for your mistake!repost, and save a life."
"<propmale>'s first day of work today, 2nd shift. which means i am now on 2nd shift. this is gonna be kinda hard because i wake up at the butt crack of <propfemale> everyday."
"a real woman always keeps her house clean and organized, the laundry basket is always empty. she's always well dressed, hair done. she never swears and behaves gracefully in all situations and under all circumstances. she has more than enough <propfemale> to take care of her family, always has a smile on her lips, and a kind word for everyone. post this as your status if you, too, suspect that you might be a man."
osama used one of his wives as a shield in the firefight. what a piece of shit.
"today is soooo much better than yesterday. man, i feel fabulous :)"
"welp, we aren't going to <propmale> anymore. glad i could cancel the reservation!"
things are lookin' up for me!
"thank you to everyone who has been there for me! i really appreciate it! good things are coming to me, and it seems to happen every time i talk to one of y'all. i now have the faith to be successful again. thank you loves!"
"so, i am gonna paint the floor in my bedroom at my momma's house. i'm thinking a dark purple-y-brown? the walls are sand color and everything else i am going to stain purple. any thoughts/ideas?"
"a comment from a smart man i know:""so...im loving the profile pic! hot mama....hubba hubba!""<propfemale> cute."
"men. i'll tell ya. they are either awesome and you aren't attracted to them, or they are confusing as hell but magnetized to them."
momma made fried shicken! yum :)
going to bed early tonight. i needs my beauty sleep!
"had a very productive day today, and feel like i am accomplishing things again. well, some things. most things i still just mess up <propmale> lawandales, christian wiedmann"
"did you know that those who appear to be really strong..really are the most sensitive? did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others...sometimes really need someone to protect them? did you know that three of the hardest things to say are: i love you, i'm sorry & help me.."
"women's ass size study: there is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses, the results were pretty interesting. 30% of women think their ass is too fat, 10% of women think their ass is too skinny, the remaining 60% say they don't care, they love him, he is a good man, and wouldn't trade him for the world..."
"tommyboy is on comedy central right now. one of my favorite movies. rip <propfirst> farley"
day 2 of workout regimen - legs :)
who of all my girl-friends is single? potential group outing tomorrow nite with some single guys...
i'm sorry i bombed all y'all with mgg pics. he's just hott. what can i say?
"so i skipped today at the gym cause i was soooooooooooo tired all day at work, and now, of course, i have all the energy in the world. what a bunch of crap."
"it has been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship. these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges. they understand that life is busy and...u will always love them.    thanks <propfemale> meier"
my guns/lats/traps are killin
ready for my eval at work!
payton berres will be here at 10:17 tomorrow mornin! can't wait!
"1. open google maps - directions2. type directions by car from <propfemale> to taiwan.3. read number 484. when you finish laughing copy and paste for your friends."
"i might not be someone's first choice, but i am a great choice. i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me. i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i am proud of who i am today. i may not be perfect.... but i don't need to be. take me as i am, or watch me as i walk away!!! post this if you're proud of being you :)"
"3 yrs old: ""mommy, i love you."" 10 yrs old: ""mom whatever!"" 16 yrs old: ""my mom is so annoying!"" 18 yrs old: ""i wanna leave this house!"" 25 yrs old: ""mom, you were right."" 30 yrs old: ""i wanna go back to my mom's house."" 50 yrs old: ""i don't wanna lose my mom."" 70 yrs old: ""i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me."" you only have 1 mom. post this on your wall if you appreciate & love your mom ?"
"5 deadly terms used by a woman ~1. fine: this is the word women use to end an argument when she knows she is right & you need to shut up.2. nothing: means something & you need to be worried.3. go ahead: this is a dare, not permission, do not do it.4. whatever: a woman's way of saying screw you.5. that’s ok: she is thinking long & hard on how & when you will pay for your mistake.re-post if you agree!"
don't you just love when your boyfriend's family hates you? since when did i become the damn monster?!?
"may i ask a personal favor? if you know someone who fought cancer and won, or fought cancer and died, or is still fighting cancer......please add this to your status for 1 hour as a <propfirst> of respect and rememberance."
"in <propfemale> - the homeless go without eating.in <propfemale> - the elderly and disabled go without needed medicines.in <propfemale> - the mentally ill go without treatment.in <propfemale> - our troops go without proper equipment.in <propfemale> - our veterans go without benefits they were promised.yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first.have the guts to re-post this. 1% will re-post, 99% won't."
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear. while you humiliate, offend, & insult her, there's a man wanting to remind her how beautiful she is. while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away. while you make her cry, there's a man wanting to steal smiles from her...post this if you're against domestic violence & mental/emotional abuse"
"thanks, <propfirst> hendrix...""you don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. you develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity."""
"my adversaries crumble when we rumble it's a catastrophei pull revenge on these bitches that blasted meplus my alias is <propfemale>a loaded water gun with hot pee to a bitches bellybust her to see if she bleed, he shoulda' never messed aroundwith a sick-ass bitch like methey call my name out and bitches run, best be preparedfor the outlaw, here i comethanks tupac. you've always helped me explain how i feel."
"please copy & paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face. people who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many. there's still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face, except, a punch in the damn face. 93% of people won't re-post this. why? because they probably need a punch in the damn face."
"put this cat and dog on..../\„,„/\......... //^ ^\\ your wall...( =';'= ).......(/(_•_)\) to show.../*??*\........._/''*''\_ that you are..(.|.|..|.|.).....(,,,)^(,,,) against animal cruelty???????•*¨*•:*????¨*•:???"
"salary of retired us presidents .............$180,000 for lifesalary of house/senate .......................$174,000 for lifesalary of speaker of the house ............$223,500 for lifesalary of majority/minority leaders ...... $193,400 for lifeaverage salary of a teacher ................ $40,065average salary of soldier deployed in afghanistan $38,000i think we found where the cuts should be made! thanks, <propfirst> wolking"
"omg, scary movie 2 is on...  laugh fest begin! sooooo stupid, i love it."
i gave myself a temp tattoo; it says i heart mom. so dirty dirty!
"i gotta search the 2tb ehd for more pics from the good ol' days...  give <propfemale> time, give <propfemale> time..."
nite nite yall!
"special request to all you kids returning to school in the next few days: if you see someone who is struggling to make friends or being bullied because he/she doesn't have many friends or because they are shy or not as pretty or not dressed in the most ""in"" clothes, please step up. say hi or at least smile at them in the hallway. you never know what that person might be facing outside of school. your kindness might just make a big difference in someone's life!"
"stupid cancer... we all want a new car... a new phone... freedom... a person who has cancer only wants one thing... to survive. i know that a lot of you ""who think you're too cool"" probably won't re- post this. but a very little amount of my friends will. put this on your wall in honor of someone who died of cancer, survived, or who is fighting against it now!"
i hate people who have no compassion for others. my ex <propmale> wienand is one of them. eff them haters! read a book u dumbasses.
"gd facebook won't let me remove him from my ""friends and family"". uggggggggggggggggh, i'm ready to blow a gasket."
"we are not human beings on a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings on a human experience."
"dangit, facebook still wont let me edit my profile and edit my ""friends and family"" section. this is not right. ain't right at all y'all."
i am no longer in a relationship. i'm doin' me now.
wonder if anyone is seeing what i have posted in the wee hours of the morn'...
"the economy is so bad that i got a pre-declined credit card in the mail. ceo's are now playing miniature golf. exxon-mobile laid off 25 congressmen. <propfemale> <propfemale> adopted a child from <propfemale>. motel six won't leave the light on anymore.a picture is now only worth 200 words.they renamed wall street "" wal-mart street"" and, finally, i called the suicide hotline. i got a call center in pakistan and when i told them i was suicidal, they got all excited, and asked if i could drive a truck."
finally going to go to bed. maybe my mind will shut down soon.
"if you don't love me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best."
"thank you <propfemale> <propfirst>!according to a recent survey, men say the first thing they notice about a woman is their eyes, and women say the first thing they notice about men is they're a bunch of liars."
twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. so throw off the bowlines. sail away from the safe harbor. catch the trade winds in your sails. explore. dream. discover. ~ <propfirst> twain
"never talk logically to an intellectual moron. instead, just fart in their general direction. same end result without the waste of time."
"thoughts are running through my mind, voices in my head. nothing is worth fighting for, i might as well be dead. but i have so many fb friends, holding me so tight. telling me it's all okay, and everything's all right. at times i want to curl up somewhere, never to be seen. so many of you feel the same, you know what i mean. so to you my fb friends i would like to say. thanks so much for being here, every single day:)  thank you <propfirst> sears"
i deleted so many people from my facebook lately. about 250 or so. only one has requested to be my friend again. thanks <propfemale> martinez-villa :)
"wow, some people are so immature. i can't believe i even wasted my time with <propmale>. i feel like such an idiot for thinking that he was actually good for me. just another man to let me down and make me feel like crap."
"we hunt ducks in duck season, deer in deer season. so why not stupid people in stupid season? oh wait that's year round.   thanks <propfemale> campbell!"
i'm four weeks and craving twix!!!
"gosh, the weather is like, perfect right now. <propfemale>, cool...  love it."
"does anyone want a blonde, short-haired dachshund? her name is sugar and she is 6 years old, up to date on her shots for the next year, and is free to a good home. she has been fixed and she's housebroken. please let me know if you are interested! she's a cutie but i am not allowed to get anymore dogs. i have 3..."
"a study has revealed that the kind of face a woman finds attractive on a man can differ depending on where she is in her menstrual cycle. for example: if she's ovulating, she is attracted to men with rugged and masculine features. however, if she's menstruating or menopausal, she tends to be more attracted to a man with duct tape over his mouth and a spear lodged in his chest with a cricket bat up his backside while he is on fire. no further studies are expected on this subject."
"for all of you waiting in heaven:i thought of you today, but that is nothing new. i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too.i think of you in silence, i often speak your name. all i have are memories and a picture in a frame.your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part. god has you in his arms. i have you in my heart.put this as your status if someone you miss is in heaven ? ?"
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. ~ <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>
going to millikens w/diane k.  hit me up or meet up!
"hey everyone, my phone went for a swim in the pool. please private message me ur number and when/if my phone works again i will save it :)"
ordered my new phone :)  should be here in 3-5 business days. talk about annoying!
"today has been 4 years to the date since my little, big sister <propfemale> koerner passed away.  if you knew her, please take a little bit of time to pray for me and my momma. time flies so quickly, but it still hurts like it was yesterday. :*("
"thanks <propfirst>!warning:there is a <propfemale>rus going around. it seems to be spreading all over the internet and the mainstream media. it may have started in washington dc, <propfemale> ave, hollywood, or langley <propfemale>, but it seems to be spreading like wildfire in the minds of men. it's called 'poverty consciousness'. there is only one way to avoid this virus. it is through 'controlling your thoughts' and only thinking about 'prosperity'. deny all thoughts of lack and limitation from this moment forward."
"thanks <propfirst>!the american flag does not fly because the wind moves past it. the american flag flies from the last breath of each military member who has paid the ultimate sacrifice protecting it. american soldiers don't fight because they hate what's in front of them, they fight because they love what's behind them. so while you're grilling this weekend and celebrating...remember to thank a soldier. re-post and show your support!"
"at 2yrs, ""mommy , i love you"". 12yrs,"" mom, whatever"" , 16yrs ""mom is so annoying"" , 18yrs "" i want to leave this place "" , 25yrs "" mom, you were right"" , 30yrs ""i want to go to my moms house"", 50yrs ""i don't want to lose my mom"", 70yrs ,""i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me"". a mother is irreplaceable , post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom."
"cousin war!!! copy this if you are the smartest, most well behaved, best looking, and funniest of your cousins. if this stands an hour without a cousin protesting, you are the winner! i dare you. it's on!!"
"friends are like panties... some crawl up your butt. some snap under pressure some don't have the strength to hold you up. some get a little twisted. some are your favorite. some are holy. some are cheap. some are naughty. and some actually cover your butt when you need them to. re-post for all the friends you know and love, give them a laugh today!!!!!"
nyc policemen and firefighters are not invited to the 10th anniversary of 9/11 at ground zero..... the mayor claims there isn't room for them. they weren't invited on that day in 2001 either. they just showed up and did their job ! please re-post if you think they belong more than the politicians!
"hey everyone! does anyone have tuxedo shirts (white), black bow ties, and black vests they want to get rid of???  i need this stuff by monday 7am...."
"medical alert!!!a highly dangerous virus called ""weekly overload recreational killer"" (work) is currently going around. if you come in contact with this work virus, you should immediately go to the nearest ""biological anxiety relief"" (bar) centre to take antidotes known as ""work isolating neutralizer extract"" (wine), ""radioactive unwork medicine""(rum), ""bothersome employer elimination rebooter""(beer) or ""vaccino officio depression killing antigen""(vodka.)thanks <propfemale>!"
"if you asked me if i remembered what i did last tuesday i couldn't tell you, but if you asked me if i remembered what i did 10 years ago on tuesday, september 11, 2001 i could tell you exactly what i was doing. repost this for our fallen heroes and let's never forget."
"ok, all i have to say is dumbass.reposted... artist soulja boy, has released a new song that includes the phrase ""f@#k the army troops"" he continues on to say how ""hard"" and ""real"" he is and how ""fake"" our military friends are. let's test the power of social networking and see if this reaches him.anytime he wants to defend his statement i know of a lot of people who would gladly oblige to differ :)spread the word people his record label: interscope"
"warning: if you see tweets offering free clip of the new nickelback album do not click. it links to a free clip of the new nickelback album.thanks <propfirst> (<propfirst>)"
"such a sad day today, but it's still my momma's 58th bday. happy birthday to my momma!"
"my mom taught me:religion ........ ""you better pray that comes out of the carpet""logic .............""because i said so, that's why""irony.............""keep crying and i'll give you something to cry about""wisdom......... ""when you get to my age you'll understand""justice ...........""one day you'll have kids, i hope they turn out just like you!!""repost this if your mom taught you well...and then some:)thanks <propfemale> !"
"<---  will be working oktoberfest in cocoa village on saturday 10/8/11! serving some kind of alcohol, but won't know until closer to the date. will fill you in in the future!"
"how to treat a woman:wine her. dine her. call her. hold her. surprise her.compliment her. smile at her. listen to her. laugh with her. cry with her.romance her. encourage her. believe in her. cuddle with her. shop with her. give her jewelry. buy her flowers. hold her hand. write love letters to her. go to the ends of the earth and back again for her.how to treat a man:show up naked. bring chicken wings & beer. don't block the tv."
"we are what we repeatedly do. excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.-aristotle"
"one day, you'll want me; like i wanted you. one day, you'll need me; like i needed you. one day... one day, you'll love me; but i won't love you.thanks <propfirst>!"
"anyone know of a ladies night tomorrow night? preferably cocoa bch, port, mi, cocoa village, rockledge..."
fb needs to stop trying to compete with google+
adapt or die people! change isn't so bad...  it keeps things interesting!
"an email receipt from <propmale> <propfirst>:thank you for contacting governor <propmale> <propfirst>.due to the volume of emails sent to the governor, there may be a delay in responding to your email. please know that the governor's office is making every effort to respond to your inquiry.  in the meantime, you may wish to view our online information database, which provides information on current issues and frequently asked questions. you may visit this source by clicking on get answers.thank you again for taking the time to contact governor <propfirst>.lmao! wonder what all of those emails are about?! he's scared to respond because he doesn't have the answers!"
so i have oktoberfest postcards.the postcards have a buy one get one free offer so it is like a free ticket when you bring a paying friend! who wants some?
"when you play, you must pay."
"i'm bored. meds haven't knocked me out yet. hmm, what to do?"
obviously not going to be a fun day today... i just woke up and am already bored. guess i gotta do chores instead of something fun. boo.
"ummmmm, where can i find me an <propfemale> male?"
chores suck.
"<propfemale> koerneri cried when you passed away. i cry today still. although i loved you dearly, i couldn't make you stay. a <propfemale> heart stopped breathing, hard working hands at rest. god broke my heart to prove to me he only takes the best. .... put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss."
"tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow <propfirst> zuckerberg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a grapefruit spoon. to stop this from happening go to: account> home invasion settings> cannibalism> brains, and uncheck the “tasty” box. please copy and re-post. it will save lives.thanks <propfemale> meier!"
fixing to watch some dudes beat the fuck outta each other
"the ac guy comes to fix the unit today!!!  not until 2-6pm, but at least it's today!"
what if you had a pet possum? and it would play dead? that would suck!
i found out today that i have lost 27 pounds since i lost my job at wonderbrains. woo hoo!!!
willkommen! oktoberfest is tomorrow night and i am bartending! serving beer in the beer garden from 5-?. come holla at me :)
"its friday, i aint gotta job, aint got shit to do...  going to the beach on sunday so i don't want to get all my sun today. went shopping yesterday. still can't think of anything to do. good news! had an interview yesterday and have one tomorrow morning :)"
"has an interview at 10, but i'm already ready to go... i hate waiting!"
waiting patiently...
has anyone ever tried the gratitude journal method to happiness? i'm just wondering...
a true friend can go long periods of time  without speaking and never question their friendship. repost if you are  lucky enough to have at least one.
thanks to all of you that wished me good luck! i am just waiting on a call back now.
wish i coulda gone but i couldnt drink so i wouldnt have had any fun. plus no one would go with me.
i have an interview scheduled for 2pm today! woo hoo!!!
nap time!
can you tell i am bored?
"berderderderderder, they say it's my birthday, berderderderderder"
"i'm watching i love you, man for the umteenth time. love this movie!"
"i got me 2 new pairs of shoes :) i'm a happy gurl!"
"had a kinda rough day at the new job today. i gotta get back into the swing of things. just like riding a bike, right?"
will be working for the 2010 census starting 5/3! i can't wait to work!
you know what really sucks? getting scam phone calls about job offers that match my resume. some people must have a lot of free time on their hands.
here's to another day of sitting in the ac and doing absolutely nothing.
anyone going to the port tonight? i'm thinking i just may...
"repost if you have someone in heaven. i  thought of you today, but that is nothing new. i thought about you  yesterday, and days before that too. i think of you in silence, i often  speak your name. all i have are memories and a picture in a frame. your  memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part. god has you in his  arms, i have you in my heart ?"
bored. go figure.
"attention!!!!!!!!!! please all parents be   warned... do not join the group currently on facebook with the title   ""becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life"". this is a   group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos! please   copy & paste this to your status before people start using your   pictures."
i think i will take a nap now
"ah, another year older. glad i made it!"
waiting on a letter to come in the mail
we be steady mobbin..
im going to pick up my hunni soon! yay!!!
i love <propmale> <propmale>
"<propfirst> cowboys vs. <propmale> texans...   my team is the cowboys, but i'm from <propmale>... such a dilemma, how do i choose???"
"tell me, am i a hard person to get along with?"
"my ex just broke his ankle, on his birthday. oh lord."
"i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have a perfect body. i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice. i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at beingme! i might not be proud of some things i've done in my past, but i'm proud of who i am today. take me as i am or watch me as i walk away! post if you're proud of being you!"
wishing payton the best of luck is hard to do when you can't even talk to her. i miss my lil sis. why did <propfirst> take her away from me and mom? what did we ever do wrong?
say it wit yo chest!
"with time, women gain weight because we  accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there  is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our bodies. so we  aren't heavy , we are enomously cultured & educated . beginning  today, when i look at my butt in the mirror i will think, good  grief~look how smart i am~ if you agree with these words of  wisdom...repost it"
"ok, now i am sad. my friend is in jail and he's not gonna be here for my bday next week. damn stupid sh*t! ughhhhhhhhhhh"
is up so freakin early today! ugh
we be at coconuts again! ya mon
can't wait to go see christian on sunday then head to the beach afterward with my girls. i need to get outta this house!
waiting as patiently as i can
wishing i had the energy (and money) to go do something this weekend...
"man, i'm bored. i would drink some beer but am on antibiotics for the next 19 days. this sucks."
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!!!
on the coffee table
take the knife off the ak and cut the bitches
"if your mother is your hero, copy and paste  this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your  mom..? ? i love my mom."
friends come and go - watch out for the scandalous and ungrateful. and the whores. you are who you associate yourself with.
drinkin heini lite
"going to coconuts! yup, on a thursday afternoon :)"
working for the census starting 5/3/10... have you sent yours back yet? or will i have to make a phone call...
going to nkf surf fest with my besties (most of 'em)!
im bored
"well, ac still isn't working. boo! this sucks. guess i will have to do things outdoors today. it's actually cooler outside than it is in here."
my life officially sucks.
"saturday night - the mix - cocoa village, ladies nite (that's right - we drank free)...who's coming with me???"
up so early this morning! uggggggggggggggh   what am i gonna do?
"me me me me   that's what's on my mind. don't worry, that will change soon."
i would love to <propfemale> out with a transformer
"now, what to do today? already went to the dentist and got my toofs cleaned. wish i had some money to go spend."
on the shelf
i'm bored.
nap time
i am ready to go out tomorrow night!
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense responsibility & very little authority. nurse's make a difference. some bless you, others curse you. you see people at their worst & best. you see life begin & end. you see people's capacity for love, courage, & endurance. ? it's nurses appreciation week. repost if youlove a nurse and/or appreciate a nurse."
going to take my cousin to coconuts for his first time! this should be fun!!!!
going to the beach!
omg all these political ads are driving me crazy!!! (like i needed any help)
"ok, got the word from themix in cocoa village that sharaz's bday party is on saturday! hootie hooooooooo!"
what a rough weekend!
too much on my mind to display on here
should i go to milliken's tonight? it's so hard to even make the simplest decision these days...
just got home. now what do i do?
payton is coming home! too bad she has to leave monday...
here's a question for all my friends: where does happiness come from?
my gunz r huge!
"and...since he insists on referring to me as his ""ol' lady"", my ""ol' man"" is laying in bed with a sour stomach and a case of the grouchies. my ""<propfemale>'s belly betters"" should make him feel better. secret ingredient: luv. it's hard to find, but i got some. is it wrong if nurse <propfemale> gets to drink while on the job? cause you know i am."
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now..."
gonna go to work at <propfemale>'s and then we are going out tonight! i haven't been out on the night before thanksgiving in over 10 years. this is gonna rock!
i just applied for a position with parrish urgent care center in psj. wish me rots of ruck!
"can someone actually die of a broken heart? depending on how many times it's been broken, i guess."
"well, didn't get the job with parrish. at least they were quick about saying denied."
rip <propfemale>  3.13.01-12.13.10
working at macys at the butt crack of <propfemale> tomorrow. finally some work!
cause i'm a mofuggin renegade...
"interview went well, i really hit it off with the doctor. now time to celebrate a little :)  lunch on the beach somewhere and a couple of dranks."
so confused. what's new.
anyone know of anywhere hiring?
my poor dog bubba is sick. he has a fever and an ear infection. good thing i took him to the vet earlier. now i am broke again but he's worth it.
"sometimes things just don't turn out the way you expect them to. know that you are where you are supposed to be in your life, there is a reason for it. only you can hold yourself back."
nationpam is on your... <propfirst>.
soooo bored. aint <propfirst> squat on tv. aint got no money. boooo!
praying that <propfemale> can get better. we go to the vet today. poor babygirl.
coconuts here we come!
"ion is showing the best episode of criminal minds, starring <propfirst> muniz. ooooh is it good!"
supposed to start training at waffle house in cocoa on monday.
"please add: pedigree adoption drive (see below)message to our fans: pedigree will donate more than 1 million bowls of food to shelters across the country. while we’re humbled to reach this milestone, we will not stop here. please continue to spread the word that for every new facebook fan/like, we’ll donate a bowl of food to shelter dogs."
"finally! it only took more than a month for my prospective employer to call me in for an interview, but i am sooooooo ready for monday at 11!"
"still lookin for a job...basic training? for the air force? it's like, the only option out there and i am not in shape."
"ahhh, finally some ""relaxation""..........."
"coconuts tomorrow! cant wait to <propfemale> with all my besties, i love my friends!"
"well, went to the interview... wondering if i will get a call back."
is downloading beat boxin
"man, some people really piss me off. selfish, uncaring and disrespectful, i could go on and on. what  happened to the <propfemale> rule?"
"the ac isn't working dangit! damn, it's hotter than a mofo up in here..."
"ugh, for not drinking for about a month, to drinking a 12 pack last night...  i am feeling pretty good! i'm even up before noon :)"
"ok, now the ac guy isn't coming cause ""they received the wrong part."" what a bunch of bs. now we have to wait until thursday..."
"what a boring day. so hot in here with no ac, this sucks."
payton's on her way back to nc now... really depressing. i miss her already.
anyone know of any online stores selling dresses for not much $$? my friend is getting married in november and i need a new dress!
"please add: pedigree adoption drive (see below)message to our fans: pedigree will donate more than 1 million bowls of food to shelters across the country. while we’re humbled to reach this milestone, we will not stop here. please continue to spread the word that for every new facebook fan/like, we’ll donate a bowl of food to shelter dogs."
"not so bored anymore, grandma's boy is on!!"
i have my interview tomorrow at 11! anyone have any advice they'd like to give me?
only 4 more days of this...
nkf surf fest this weekend at the pier. who all wants to meet up???
finally gettin my hair did
"i never thought i would watch lifetime, but since <propfirst> brody is in a movie, i guess i will have to watch... :)"
"at the age of 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything. at 14: mom doesn’t know anything. at 16:mom doesn’t exist. at 18: she’s old fashioned. at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom. at 45: i wonder... what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this. post this if you have a great mom!"
"what to do today? we are going out tonight, but i have 11 hours until then..."
i don't know if i like my haircut. maybe i am just in shock. at least i didn't cut it all off this time.
is playing with her new phone :)
"today, steph has been gone for 3 years. we miss her so much. seems like time goes by so fast and we still haven't really gotten anywhere. still seems like she died yesterday. i love my sister! i wish she were here so i could tell her."
coconuts on sunday... who's coming with us???
"went to coconuts today, had a blast with my besties. too bad it started raining... the yard needs it though!"
some people will never change. get used to it or get the hell out of it.
the cable guy came by to finally fix our signal and of course schatzy and topher wouldn't shut up. he said he has a mini doxie and it's name is banana! lol!!!
gonna babysit the nephew tomorrow morning for the first time. going to bed early tonight so i have energy for him tomorrow.
"the weirdest thing just happened. i got a call for my business i was trying to get started, the cleaning business, and ended up getting an interview to do seo. craziness! tomorrow at 1 in mi. am i a lucky girl or what???"
nap time?
i think i'm gonna go to bed early tonight. <propfemale> sleepy.
"going to bed early tonight, tomorrow will be a better day."
is gonna take a nap
done thrown out my back doing yard work today. im gettin old.
today's my mom's 57th birfday!
give em hell alabama!
going to the beach today!
"coconuts tomorrow, yippee!!!"
"waiting patiently for my cousin to get home...  i use the term ""patiently"" lightly."
okay i am gonna go to bed now. nite nite yall. <3
the poop that took a pee...
"cocoa village oktoberfest - i will be serving beer in the beer garden on saturday, 10/9 from 5-?, and sunday 10/10 from 12-5ish. all cash, no tickets! woo hoo! come see me!!!"
"""keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. small people always do that, but the really great, make you feel that you, too, can become great."" ~ <propfirst> twain (1835–1910)"
i need one of my beer drinkin buddies to go with me to oktoberfest on 10/9. i won tickets!!!
"kill whitey!!!ha, this is one of my favorite movies..."
"we are not human beings on a spiritual journey. we are spiritual beings on a human journey.       - <propfirst> covey"
"i'm gonna be bartending on 10/9 (oktoberfest, cocoa village). tell everyone u know thats going to come see me serving liquor in a coke trailor in the bank of <propfemale> parking lot. i will be dressed for the occasion :d"
"homeless go without eating... elderly go without needed medicines...mentally ill go without treatment... troops go without the proper equipment... yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first!!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to re-post this.....will you?"
"thank you everyone for adding my business fb <propfemale>! i appreciate it. if you know of anyone with a website that needs optimized, or someone who needs a website, let me know!"
"i can't believe that mom and <propmale> are still sleeping. i am always the first one up dangit! i used to go wake steph up and she would get up with me, then mom would hear us out in the living room and come out, make coffee, and sit in her fluffy robe. we were spoiled rotten! i still am. i am going to make the coffee this year and wake them up!"
"is gonna get some new pics tomorrow night when i go to the dnb with my homegurl and her bf, dressed in our halloween costumes. it's on like donkey kong y'all."
"rest in peace, <propfirst> keyes.you will be greatly missed by many people.<propfemale> kleinknecht., i am here for you when you need help. i'll do anything for you.you can bite my nails off, since you already bit urs off. xoxo"
"i am fixin to do a partial dye job on my hair... the color i picked: manic panic vampire red. holla!gonna look goooood, ok?"
woke up too early this morning. gonna take a nap now :)
"so, my momma is in the hospital, recovering from a bowel obstruction of 16cm, nearly died. thank god she finally asked me for help. she never asks and my <propfemale> ball is broken..."
"for the first time ever i have laryngitis and the worst cold ever... the worst part is i can't speak! and when i do talk, i have to yell and only a soft whisper comes out. i'm gonna have to start walking around with a tablet of paper and a pen... i'm pretty sure everyone else in the house is happy i can't talk too, that's fuddup."
my poor dog <propfemale> is dying. we are waiting on bloodwork to get back before we decide whether to put her to sleep or not.
"sick sick sick sick, cough cough cough and then.... cough some more. ugh. that's all i'm gonna say about that."
have a funky christmas everyone!
i really wish my bf's baby momma wasn't so weird toward me. she hates me and doesn't even know me. how can people be like that? i do not understand.
"ok, tonight starts the party for the mardi gras parade tomorrow night, come <propfemale> with us in the streets of cocoa village. we will be right by the gazebo by good ol' dog n bone. hope to see you there!"
"r.i.p. <propfirst> ""<propfirst>"" <propfirst> roberts iv. you will be missed."
