24
cd35474fa3c10b9a5eb16c1e7d825fcc
19
-
is just laying there
"is feeling of a trance is mersmerising, neither awake or asleep, dont feel alive or here, its awakening"
needs some abuse... come on i know you've got it
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! i fuck everything up without even knowing how! fcuk!
if i sleep during the exam tomorrow i get more hours to revise now..
"has seen the abyss and nether, the wide emptiness of it, a rage is growing"
must have stabbed her 50 fucking times!!!!
like a nightmare
bird in the house=death
"the word is my expense, the cost of my <propfemale>, jesus blessed me with its future and i protect it with fire so raise your fists and march around dont dare take what you need i'll jail and bury those committed and smother the rest in greed crawl with me int"
"may have permentantly lost his goggles, hmm this isnt a 2 weeks looking back, i mean its got moments redeeming it but on whole its been pretty shite"
it ends tonight
and time to go back to endure the heat of the hottest day of june like some sort of <propmale> god
too late to go back to sleep (or is it?)
fucking awesome!!! there is might and magic group on here!!!! 7 ftw!!!!
upcoming megadeth album soon!!!
time to kill the builders with blasts of sonic recreation!!!
i went to the youth centre to try and be a big brother. 'why you do something stupid like that? you're not big and as for being a brother pah-hahahaha'
"returns to a lot of emails, and feelings of exile, disillusionment and dispair"
"is going to make a silent pact that no-one knows, but anything causes consequences, just to see what happens"
"my response to having a cake thrown in my face, eat it"
quite likes the cave
i got a need and i'm wanting to please it
"loves itv4; highlander and now conan the barbarian, its epic 80s fight films! ftw!!!"
<propmale> is trying to grow himself a penis by using a dildo and miracle grow
what qualities do we want in a fire? up the nose!
"hey mr dream seller where have you been? tell me have you dreams i can see, i came along just to bring you this song can u spare one dream for me, you wont have met me and your soon forget so dont mind me tugging at your sleeve, i'm asking you if i can fi"
actually beat bubble shooter!
"going round the world gotta find my girl, on my way, been this way 10 years to the day, i gotta ramble on"
is shite!
"saw advert for <propmale> almighty, its like someone has seen my life and made a film"
needs a masseuse
"needs something, but if you are stupid to ask what i will lash you"
choice; spout crap or spout charm?
<propfirst> smith ftw!!!!!
"you will wear leather clothes which will last you the rest of your life, you will hunt deer through the abandoned and overgrown shopping complexes the drean"
boom!!!! brain implosion!
"is just some guy, wandering a path"
cheer the shit on as then at leat your be on the winning side and have something to celebrate
"oh the drudgery, if only if only"
dont be my friend i'm not a fool
feels like flying the black and red flag and beating the shit outta rightwing fascist nazis
ohh theres a coin in fast traffic!! mine!
"there  is something very ''special'' about the us right wing, whilst attacking free public healthcare in the us, ( the rightwing magazine us investors' daily claimed that if <propfirst> hawking was british, he would have been allowed to die at birth by its 'socialist' healthcare system. hawking then replies with a polite cough that he is british, and 'i wouldnt be here without the nhs' ) from wednesday independant"
"time for a proper full blown shave, i love the smell and feel of blood in the morning, well frankly anytime"
"broken nose and bloody clothes, better send me to the asylum"
who can make flat packs turn into beds?
watching life of <propfirst> and remembring true awesomeness o' <propmale> python!
so long and thanks for all the fish
week of the crusader:- charge forth and slay your enemies! zealous fury and righteousness will give <propfemale>!!
fuck!
needs another fight
"to them you're just a freak, like me"
"hitchhiking is good, towels are good too"
"apparently has to bring in a box of chocolates for ppl at swimming next week,, of course their not going to be eaten on the way over..."
enpf..... ftw!!!!!
god i love the feel of leather
; it aint gonna be alright on the night
"isnt sure if the the neighbours as knocking on the wall to get him to be quiet, but screw them i'm in a bad mood they can come round and i'll tell they to 'op it"
"should really stop playing with knives, well one more time"
"'<propmale> you're just a wanker', well we all have our little roles in life dont we?"
bring on the dinosaurs!!! its london time! love being back home
break open this casing and the warcry will <propfemale> around these walls
"i be walking god like a dog, and he shits right in my path"
"i'll wait here, you're crazy, those vicious streets are filled with strays, you should have never gone to hollywood. they find you, two time you, say you're the best they've ever seen, you should have never trusted hollywood."
<propfirst> is in cambridge- and he dont know ppl he talks to me but i'm limping dead
"woohoo some people have actually moved in next door, now i'm not the only one in the kitchen!"
is gonna shop for present
finally gets to swim tommorrow!
cambridge its just like london
"all woaded up, but seriously how am i gonna get this shit off?"
apparently we're in the age of aquarius at the moment
we apologise for the inconvenience
has got this cambridge knife!!!!
"everyone says aww when i say i'm going on tuesday, but inside i can hear the woohooo!!!"
"apprechiate what you got, and i'm pretty fantastic"
hmmm i need a drink
love wearing my dinner jacket and love the look on random peoples faces as they wonder why i wear it
i'm always stuck with being the guardian angel/bitch looking after people
"is going to rum (i may have spelt it wrong but who cares its scottish) <propfemale> out in a castle, look at some deer and endure epic rambling!!!"
"<propfirst> gogh says to go out, should i listen to him?"
"somethings even alcohol cannot tame, a melancholy so foul it ruptures the body and the soul evaporates through its newly created pores, the eyes become truely dour and grief stricken, pain is a constant in mans life, but emptiness and void are worse than ritualistic precise science of torture of the catholic church in the middle ages upon heretics,"
"oh my ankle is bad and i mean fucking bad, perhaps i should upload a pic or is it too sad?"
"oh dear, a bloke strips for a prize and he has a wankstain on his underwear, well done you tard, funny as fuck mind"
loves bring a force of terror! <propmale> military brand ftw!
do you know how many forms you need to fill in when someone calls you a sexist? 8
gotta love captain <propfirst> sparrow although my life is still like <propmale> almighty
loves a good fight and loves getting a bit of blood spilt only shame is he cant remember the details anymore
"who was that absolute walking behemoth legend going through town? aside from hughuesy i mean, oh yeah me with dry cleaning over my shoulder"
had an amazing swimming session!!!!  chlorine cant burn eyes when alcohol nulls it!!! and feeling a detached heart beating away within a core of a being who isnt you yet is close is amazing
needs a hammer for msn
busted his ankle!!!
"is gonna have to beat his punkass cambridge uni friends for that txt prank u fucks!!! was brillant and if u left the cripple girl outta it i would have gone along more lol, u cunts epic"
is it wrong waking and wanting to kill?
"wants to go to the cave, the echoes of stillness and roar of water, the bright of night, the chilling bone, the feral hunt, the sophiscated barbarism"
"getting back to thanet late tonight, and quite tempted to go out as i arrive"
"feels like a genesis/phil collins rave around somewhere just say the word, su su sussudio, just say the word, oh just say the word"
grim determination to nothingness
wonder if they take blood at cambridge?
fuck!!! and i thought today might be a good day
according to tv i can adopt a polar bear!!!! fuck little little kids who are homeless and unloved i can adopt something which can ruin someone!
hair going properly blonde again!!!!!  i love cambridge for this if nothing else!!!!! take that martyn i get blonde hair not yellow from the gift of the sun!!!!
"he needs a quiet room, with a lock to keep him in, its just a quiet room, and he's there, he plays an old guitar with a coin found by the phone, it was his friends guitar, that he played"
failed!!!!!!!
"/<propfirst> with c and a small m, who everyone thinks is a wanker"
"wow i actually seem to have a real room at last, now i just need a bed"
fuck me inside out i need to think of something terrible
pay people the old fashioned way=cash
should have brought his alcohol and ps3 games as he brought ps3 and films but not any games!!! although apparently oblivion was hiddened inside fightclub
like <propmale> pitt but english
its like dying except we keep getting kicked in the balls as we're down
we apologise for the inconvience
<propfirst> is a jew and on facebook on my ps3
"ahh drunken blackouts, i love them but i just wonder what i did"
"you don't have to leave the lights on i'm so used to being blind no more goodbyes or yesterdays so it's i'll see you tomorrow, i'll see you tomorrow"
i feel in the mood to have another goggle related photo session..... or is it too early?
"fucking rum is the shit!!!!! rum for the win!! hellboy for the rutting champion!!! mouse02/monty is nothing, but i did miss urban settings! glasglow reminded me of thanet blud!!! shank you!"
as they dont have a course in drinking spirits i took my other passion wildlife
no reading week so not going home now
"quite enjoyed his day, and gets to play the innocent party on both accounts of being wet as he didnt start them,"
is in a kitchen with stereo listening to music after the s&u bar closer
"apparently not going home this weekend but next, at least i'll have stuff brought up"
a jog around <propmale>'s piece and a cold shower is just a great way to revitalise
it seems my leaf is losing its carotenoids shame
has said how his ankle has happened too many times!!!! stop bloody asking!!!! twonks!
when u run out of tissues and have to start using all those stolen napkins u know its a fucked up cold
you're not really here are you? i'm totally delirious and strapped to a bed in rehab arent i? well can you do some jumping jacks for me then?
ah check and mate....... i lose
"the benefits of a day off; cleaning your room, cleaning that kitchen that your officially part of but dont use, cleaning your adopted kitchen, cowering in terror at the thing in your toilet as it has developed higher intelligence and is now trying to join the eu, looking for that all important squirrel costume for halloween and other amusing purposes, studying mail order bride catalogue, make a load of bullshit"
ahhhh interesting my hair is insane
test of faith
"ah morose mornings lovely, such a joyous enactable infection of the empathic pathways leaving the soul just the correct correlation of dead and rended, ah well; smile"
"had a good night, although most upset that doorman wasnt sure if my passport was me...... cunt still the plan is good and i see a swim coming up"
at the moment i wouldnt wanna be in a not me place if i was someone else
"we're going down in a spiral to the ground, no one, no one's gonna save us now, not even god, no one saved us, no one's gonna save us,"
lets get that swim-swim on! booya!
"there are no impossible dreams, there are no invisible seams, each night when the day is through, i don't ask much i just want you, i just want you"
"i have a choice pretend to be stupid to get you off guard, pretend to be stupid as i cant be asked to work something out and i want you to do it for me, pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact i dunno whats going on or being geuinely stupid."
"ah home, a place to be ignored by friends remaining at home who dont recognise you at all anyway, ah well i get to use my evening watching <propfemale> with family"
"woooooooo!!! feel the adrenaline pumping, its go time baby!!! hoo-rah!"
"you'll grow to loathe my name, you'll hate me just the same, you wont need your breathe and soon you'll meet your death, not from the years, not from the use, not from the tears, just self abuse"
its like fucking owww
i'm on a boat!
"if this is a rom-com, kill the director"
ahhhhhhhh i keep zoinking!!!
"is back in the shithole of thanet, ah its like going to glasglow and seeing filth on the streets and getting homesick all over again"
"i'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my. she's scared i'm gonna take her away from there,  dreams of her country left with no one there"
"you're gonna wreck my mind, and i hope you do it all the time, you better give it your best shot, you know i'm crazy, crazy like a fox, don't you turn your back on me, you just make it worse, you look just as beautiful, when you're movin' in reverse, come on, be nice, oh babe, you're gonna wreck my life, make me crazy, make me jump all night, you must be an earthquake, 'cause i'm shaking in my shoes,"
its odd when you dont want to drink but still wanna break out the whiskey as its your 'go to' object
and i just wanna sleep.......... with your sister
ah if only i was allowed
"is actually going st andrews for petes 3rd year for raising weekend, it actually sounds absolutely brillant!!! hammered at 1 on a sunday!"
"has lost my phone so dont text or ring it, oh and dont ask either"
is it bad that wearing a crown feels so right?
woohoo name approved!!!
qotd: mike: watching you eat is like watching a caveman learn to eat. me:what like captain caveman?. mike:no as he can eat
"hmm i'm now too poor to do anything good, arent i lucky?"
i hate <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> ferri for editing my facebook at times
''it was a dark and <propfemale> night''
"just one little glass, makes the night go fast, you can have what you want, if you pay the girl cash, i said girls,  girls in black"
meet me in the summertime we can move the air sweet <propfemale> countryside i will meet you there
i'm not worth the effort
'excuse me but does this smell like chloroform to you?'
never a frown with <propfemale> brown
oh if only i had money i'd go to a masseuse about my neck and shoulders
"hope dies and you wander, the otherworld it makes you, dreams they rip asunder. the otherworld it hates you, free now--ride up on it, up to the heights it takes you. go now if you want it, an otherworld awaits you."
i see faith in your eyes!
"you stare at the ceiling and wait, you maneuvre around your crappy box room in the dark bored, you sit on the floor of your shower room in the dark with the 30oc water pouring over you, you just think fuck it and dont care anymore"
(sf)
"i know you've decieved me now here's a surprise, i know that you have cos there's magic in my eyes, i can see for <propmale> and <propmale> and <propmale> and <propmale>"
"ok i need to think of a way of giving up thinking, any suggestions any at all?"
why'd you have to go and let it die? do you ever think of me you're so considerate
enjoy the pagan festive everyone!
"i got a head full of ideas, that are driving me insane"
if i see any apis mellifera i will kill them
"this is not for others, this is a declaration of my thoughts so i dont lose them"
"if i've forgotten someone's card i will just take it out on them, screw it its their fault somehow...."
wonders how many ppl actually have a good knowledge of comics
"some things we dream of, some things just happen, we just have to be lucky enough, sometimes i wish i was more lucky"
what can i trust?
"ended up with blood all over him, thank christ i took my top off, else it would have gone on my shirt, although it did go on jeans.."
blacked out!!!!
ahhhhhhh foam hurts eyes!!!! and i may have a rash from it! lol!
when strength counts for nothing
"crack pipes, needles, pcp and fast sharks, kind of mix real well in a dead floating <propmale>"
apparently there is a lunar eclipse tonight
none of my friends are annoying. oh and i'm like spiderman
"''the greatest danger today could be your stupidity'' that sounds like everyday, how is today any different, and yes i did write this before with danger instead of stupidity, wasnt i smart?"
"old, weak, and feeble,  but the lesson taught to me,  to stay away from evil,  she doesn't care for me."
"i’m your dream, make you real. i’m your eyes when you must steal. i’m your pain when you can’t feel. sad but true."
someone help me find my keys please? i'm thinking like me and its getting me nowhere!!!
i may be like a leopard but hell you're still nowhere as cool
i drink while i wait for my <propfemale>
"has been looking at the photos on ''in my day used to suck blood not cock'', fucking epic and funny"
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer. amen. ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you for just one hour? (it may look girly but fuck it, its trying to raise a point, and raise awareness)"
"christains knock on my door to convert me, i talk philosophy and they run scared"
damn you disney!
"had an amazing 12 hours and didnt want it to end, i miss uni for staying out til i want and hanging out with those i want endlessly"
maybe i should get a haircut...
sur-viv-or!!!!
qotd: <propfemale> 'i cant be a lesbian i'd miss cock too much'
<propfemale> <propfirst>; also comes in braile....
is apparently tuxing/dinner jacketing it tonight at petes behest as its my last night
today got better
you can take a sugar frosted fuck off the end of my <propmale>!
i'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my girl!!!!!!!
ok i'm gonna be real lazy some people think of new years resolutions for me
"somewhere within the sleepless nights, alcohol fueled smiling, music pumped dancing, there is an empty nothingness consuming all we know"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> has had its wireless decomissioned, my wired connection is shit and i could really punch the hell outta someone at the moment, this hasnt been the best day,"
"do ya think i'd be able to fool my mum into thinking i've had a haircut as i can see my hair getting blonde again which is freaking awesome as its returning to godhood, so you think i can?"
i got a haircut and i look in the mirror like 'who's this motherfucker?'
ah if only i had the heart of gold
is sickened at anyone who likes filthy crumpets
may be a cunt(its ok i'm english) and a villain but at least i'm a gentleman and good guy
"the game is afoot ladies and gentlemen, if bested then the forfeit i will face with honour and jovial pleasure, with success i will think of something.... intriguing"
may be in love
"it's airline policy not to imply ownership in the event of a dildo. use the indefinite article. a dildo. never your dildo. never, ever say the dildo accidently turned itself on. a dildo activated itself and created an emergency situation that required evacuating your baggage."
"cant sing cant run, what can he do?"
"i can just about appreciate/ will tolerate hearing about/ watch/ talk about (if i have to) twilight for one person only and  that is as she means so much to me, even if i did a bad thing about her status..."
"right new idea so i dont get tricked again (although they were epic for doing so), remember which girls u give your number to, remember their names and dont hope it was that swedish girl u were talking to without further proof it was her"
i am a worm before i am a man
"i like veins, lovely lovely veins, along my arms and hands,"
anyone else feel like their brain is corroding their head? ah well at least my back is fixed cos of that uber massage chair
"so i suppose now you want to ravish me? ..in a moment, (to the side) the woman's insatiable"
may go for a jog at somepoint maybe 2ish
"if you & i woke up in jail together...using only four words, what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say....(and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status. fair is fair.)"
how bout i drink a mug of shut the fuck up?
"ah joy sneezing blood, the lesser known song by slayer"
livy; how do you dispose of batteries? as i get through them quite fast...
rum!!!!!!
after 4-5 pitchers of vodka and redbull i still fucking ghost 2 pro pool players! yeah <propfirst> blud we shanked them and they were sober as fuck!
is in a half good mood
you know your ill when its hard to lift your head properly
"soon i take my leave, bugger i best get my shit together"
"one does not simply walk into mordor, its black gates are guarded by more than just orcs, there is evil there that does not sleep"
blue
i have internet at last!!! now what?
i actually swear if someone takes mjy new stockpile of food without asking i will murk them
theoretical ecology- oh yes its like god just told physics to fuck off this is how the universe runs
"'look <propfemale>, i'm roadkill ha ha' love the <propfemale>sk such a classic"
am i the worlds dream or i am dreaming of the world?
do you do requests? what kinky stuff? yeah i'm game
fucking snow!!!! its absolute shite!
"something's odd or maybe afoot, interesting; tally-ho!"
"got all dressed up, black suit, black shoes, black shirt and then we went to eat in subway..... didnt i feel like a silly bugger?"
dont feed the narcism
"really hopes we have reading week, will blantantly going back to thanet"
"there's a girl thats been on my mind, all the time, sussudio oho. now she dont even know my name, but i think she likes me just the same, sussudio oho. ah if she called me i'd be there, i'd come running anywhere. she's all i need, all my life, i feel so good if i just say the word, sussudio"
i'm too poor to live
"i am writing my life to laugh at myself, and i am succeeding"
"god i love playing football, yes i may maim, yes i may be absolutely psychotic but it is amazing"
"great so i'm poor, in love, unemployed and have alot of work to do in a small amount of time, is it just me tempted to go out tonight?"
"i can't get to sleep i think about the implications, of diving in too deep and possibly the complications. especially at night i worry over situations, i know i'll be alright perhaps its just imagination"
wait for it
its filthy down there
today was a good day
has no free texts or credit.
ah if only i could compose i would sing and write a song about the greatest of religions; jedi
no just a wild stab in the dark which is exactly what you will get in a minute
at times i feel like spiderman
"seeing kiss from a <propfemale> video in a takeaway shop has cascaded a romantic music night, keyplayers being <propfemale>"
tick without tock without tick without tock with tick without tock
"but the only brew for the brave and true, comes from the green dragon!!!"
i would love to say these heart twangs i get are as i miss you so much but in reality i think its colesterole
define what you feel life is
i think my subway had an enema in it
"'i got a call from my girlfriend. ''things aren't working out'' she said. ''what do you mean?'' i said. ''i dunno its not you, i'm in a funny place right now.....''''you bitch! you went to the joke shop without me?'' 'now why can't i think of something that witty and brillant at a time of clear disparity,"
openning my birthday bottle of jd!!!!
"<propmale> <propmale> you absolute treat, it was bloody beyond great"
day 1. it begins
ba-da-da-da-dum-dum-dum-dum my sharona!
why are koalas stealing my socks?
"oh squirrels you little buggers what fun would we have if i was allowed an over-extravagant pistol and enjoyed pointing it at you and boom, splatting you over the foliage"
sickipedia the place where i get my news and relaxed attitudes towards everything
24-fucking-hour library my white ass!!! how the hell can i do work which my mum is expecting tomorrow now?
"'everybody wants to be a cat, cos the cat's the only one who knows where its at' oh i'm so killing the last person who made me watch aristocats and got that song in my head"
shit my arse!
"chuckle-chuckle vision, chucklevision! ba-bum-bum, bum bum ba bum."
why not bazaar?
stress!
"if you watch mr. bean without the laughter track, it's a very moving drama about a man with severe learning difficulties who struggles to cope with simple everyday tasks."
"shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people.  ~andré dubus"
bop-bop-de-do-wop
"i have a stalker. she follows me everywhere shopping centers, restaurants and the pub. texts me and calls me all day no matter how many times i tell her to leave. i wouldnt mind, but i already have a girlfriend.damn marriage"
"i love my mum, she proper gets me"
should i start my assignment or should i make some dinner and play on computer games for a bit more?
what? where are my friends?
"its black books' status day! customer: look, there's no other way to say this, but i didn't come in here to be insulted. bernard: well, i didn't ask for the job of insulting you. in another life, we could have been brothers. running a small, quirky taveria in sicily. maybe we would have married the local twins instead of wasting each other's time here in this dump. but it was not to be. so hop it."
''solitary!!!'' why? ''for protection'' i dont need protection ''protection for them''
sees typhoons overhead and automatically thinks of cod style shooting them down with a rocket launcher
when you're telling to your computer to let you poke your girlfriend you know that it hates you
just had the single most painful experience of his life
"<propmale>'s not in at the moment, you could leave a message, but it won't do much good he aint coming back"
"but i, being poor, have only my dreams; i have spread my dreams under your feet; tread softly because you tread on my dreams."
is disgraced at the number of swastikas he's seen around ramsgate if i catch someone spraying one they will regret it
got falcon punched
"ah i have no ability to texanyone so i'll use this instead, a erry easter t' all, no wait"
"i will smash your face into a car windshield, and then take your mother, <propfemale> mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again."
"we saw these girls, they were wasting away dying, they've been away from the kitchen for too long!!!"
die? its the last thing i shall do
i like wearing suits
i know the chances are low but has anyone seen my passport? on nights out or something?
hopefully this name change will work
you ever tried a pan-galactic gargle blaster?
"new doctor who... i think that wasnt bad, jury is still out on the new doctor but good episode i feel"
"woohoo cod and fable work on xbox, now i wont go out or do anything else with my life"
has just cooked 4 steaks and is eating them
"made snow angels in the graveyard, hardest bit was getting them out of the ground"
yeah there were horses and a man on fire and i killed a guy with a trident!
tvrs the way to not be able to sleep and endure great mind-numbing boredom
"just gave blood with shiny happy people on the radio,"
does anyone know the reference for the field guide for the plants for ecology?
loves a little bit of <propfirst> goodman and <propfemale> may kenison on a thursday night!
one- nothing wrong with me...
red army!
has multiple copies of the book 'wild animus' and may be distributing these amongst people or throwing them for comical reasons
"champion!!! watched the races, made a gorgeous meatball dinner for the family, and ate in the region of 35-45 meatballs by myself, ladies and gentlemen i am <propmale>"
not a good day
twist
"massive invasion of insects, one is about 2-3inch wings, instead of running like a girl (like some people shame on them) i'm hunting it, and if even if its a bat it aint got a right to invade my room its clobbering time"
i'll give a conservative estimate of like 200 years until population dynamics are severely affected and that the distribution of the world is much more sparse and independence of individuals and abilities will have to be increased and create co-operative efficient groups possibly within a wider network to allow information transfer and advancement. alas the inability to see it.
"ah the hilarity of my life; i drop my keys into the gap in the lift, and it will cost 48quid for a new set, ah life truly does just use me its cosmic joke ah-ha-ha-ha"
god i do love motorhead
too long
"ecology essay, the words oh buggering crap come to mind when i think how to get a computer to do a diagram for a line transect if anyone knows dear god please tell me"
"all the love in all the world, is not enough to save my soul tonight"
"good morning boys and girls, hope you're all fantastic, keep smiling"
"time to alleviate the situation with quotes from cockney gangster films, and then to cover it with bellydancing"
"ah doctor <propmale>, what a lying bastard, gloucester was <propfemale> and warm as anything.alcohol, mates, tunes, more alcohol and burgers, was hilarious and brillant."
"i am sexy, beautiful and have the perfect body. i am everyone's first choice, but i'm me and i don't pretend to be anyone else. you may not be proud of you but like me you are proud of who i am today and everyday!! i may not be exactly where i want to be, but thank god that he made me. copy this and post it to your profile if you are proud to be arrogant and perfect."
ah if only i was smart at using computers and maybe engineering sort of things
and a man who fancies himself a god felt a very human chill crawl down his spine
"i'm going to stop playing who dies first in my head and go for what feels natural. i think i'll start with me, then its you"
"has a plan for his birthday, lol jk i'm not doing anything (yes i'm that low to use jk)"
"but everywhere i go, i keep her picture in my wallet like...."
"doctor <propmale> went to gloucester, good thing too as i plan on a kidney transplant up there when i'm getting ruined with the lads"
"never mind that twilight crap, there's a real eclipse round the corner"
is now 3 times world champion of foxy boxing
apparently on steroids....
"could someone fill me in on what happened past 11 last night? as i remember playing pool with <propmale>, and then i wake up, and eventually notice everything has been moved and i have a bucket next to me, i guess it entails a good night"
what time is the exam tomorrow and where is it?
"when someone accuses me of not wearing underwear, i should ignore them. attempting to prove them wrong is indecent. especially if i can't."
great i almost have a cardiac arrest on my birthday and i've not even drunk any alcohol yet
watching <propmale> in the middle like a badman.. christ is he young in this
"ah that was a good night out, its always good destroying a tshirt and getting drawn on, does anyone have any pictures mind? as i quite liked the tiger look"
persian wife finder.com..... yes
"should maybe stop listening to the police, as it seems to talking to me"
on a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero
r.i.p. its a shame i can't be there.
"its not like i really miss it, i just miss what i got from it, how it made me feel, maybe it was love but i'm better off without it, i know that now, its taken me a while to realise that"
ding <propfirst> dobby's dead
"the diary of hermione granger age 14 wednesday : 10:30pm can't sleep & very bored.all i have to keep myself occupied is this magic wand thing with its stupid bloody vibrating tip and.............. hold it a second !!thursday busyfriday busysaturday busy"
"oh jumper you go back to your hometown and expect the girl to still be there, its like me coming here and ... oh wait i see what you did there"
"lol at the girl who plays <propfemale> in twilight. can she only play moody lovesick characters? as her character in 'in the wild' is just the same, just without the pussy vampires"
note to self: build a fort when back in cambridge
sexism: just another complaint by women.....
clearly has the best friends in the world and only wishes that there was more time and less work so they could all go drinking and play pool to celebrate how awesome they are
if you don't hear from me after 20/01/2011 i'm either a hostage to terrorists or sharkbait
needs a drysuit to stroll along the street in
come on saturday!! <propfirst> <propmale> at the o2 and i may get to be a contestant on a gameshow pilot!
"boy: did it hurt?girl: did what hurt?boy: when you fell from -girl: heaven? awwww :')boy: no, when you fell from the whore tree and banged every guy on the way down.girl: ...."
got hammered for the third time in my life and the next day is absolutely amazing
