224
68b50824845251e42f7d4855d580c646
38
+
was in the process of solving the keychain cube when it exploded.
"just got a keychain rubik's cube. highlight of my week, this."
doesn't really use facebook anymore.
"doesn't really use facebook anymore, but still receives email alerts when other people do."
"used a clutch for the first time ever.  handy little thing, that."
"realizes the sad truth about discussing politics and why it can be so dangerous.  oh, <propfemale>."
is all kinds of confused.
finally..... finally..... got a new phone.  htc is the shiz.
forgot how much he loves the fellowship of the ring.
just donated to <propmale> grayson's campaign fund.
"so, i just heard a brilliant speech.  on the other hand, i wonder if brilliant is an overstatement when one of the most impressive things was to see an adult finally jump into the conversation when, thus far, we've only heard the shouting of silly little children in suits."
is taking the fastest crash course in webdesign ever.
"on second thought, a mustache on anyone under the age of 40 makes you look like a scumbag.  hoping for better news in manuary.  on a brighter note, happy v day, everybody."
"well, an interesting situation has arisen.  i can do one of two things: actually read my work contract and fight a guerrilla war within its bounds against this laughable new manager, or get myself fired by saying a few quick, albeit very gratifying, mean and profane things to him.  i just can't decide."
still can't sleep.
i'm with coco.
is a recent fan of ayaan hirsi <propfirst>.
is reading at starbucks.
"so because of, uhh, i guess it would be the dress code at work, we can't have facial hair.  this totally clashes with no-shave november.  in response: mustaches all around!"
went to the gym today for the first time in about a year.
has been readmitted to eiu.
just splashed himself with molten tin.
"finally got some soco (from illinois, just out of spite) and is now enjoying delicious eggnog."
is just now falling in love with bach's cello suite 1... because of a tv commercial... and wonders if that's actually as blasphemous as it sounds.
feels like a million bucks.
is here to help.
finds it quite inconvenient that indiana has a law against buying booze on jesus day.
"just saw avatar in imax 3d.  i can't say it for certain until it really sinks in... but it may well end up being the greatest movie ever.  no, really.  ever."
"finally (finally!) got his registration stuff in order, and emailed the admins for approval and such. here's hoping they check their work email over winter break."
space heater
has returned.
wants to get a sewing machine and then learn how to do alterations.
"conan's finale was a bit sad, but funny and overall very entertaining.  here's to september and his next gig."
"just attempted a very, very stupid thing. or a necessary one. or simultaneously clever and very, very stupid... but still necessary.  tonight will be an interesting night."
"to set the record straight, yes, sustained sleep deprivation is torture.  fml"
"just learned that ""aforementioned"" is really one word.  interesting night numero dos..."
"was unpleasantly reminded today about what frozen facial hair feels like.  on an entirely unrelated note, i like how the facebook logo displays a lower case ""f,"" but its own spelling checker would have you capitalize it."
"""most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it."""
it feels like my mind is melting.
"the math <propmale>?  talk about a scary thought, but that looks like the direction i'm headed."
really loves thinking.
finally... a breakthrough.
"""knowledge is power,"" huh? that's a load of misleading bollocks, right there.  it should say ""particular knowledge is particular power.""  though, even that is a kind of paradox.  you have to understand it before you can understand it."
i'm just lost in the sea of knowledge and only occasionally come up for air.
"any other time, i might think forgetting <propfemale> <propfirst> was ridiculous and stupid, but being 2am and having just watched an hour of the <propmale> gervais show, i can't stop laughing."
note to self: do not try to reinvent epistemology.
"i'm like the annoying little kid who won't stop asking ""why?"" except now, instead of being limited to an adult, i have the collective knowledge of humanity from which to draw my answer.  there's just that small matter of understanding it..."
really loves philosophy club.
"is even more impressed by how graciously <propfirst> lysacek is handling his victory than by the performance he gave to earn it.  whatever emphasis typical americans place on national pride in olympic competition, i hope they take note of this guy's attitude.  then maybe we can move closer to living up to all those grandiose titles we give our country."
"<propfirst> brand, <propmale> gervais... is there some specific cockney category of british comedy that i'm not aware of?  i love it."
"oh, all the comrades e'er i had,  they're sorry for my going away, and all the sweethearts e'er i had, they'd wish me one more day to stay, but since it falls unto my lot, that i should go and you should not, i gently rise and softly call, good night and joy be with you all."
is a marxist?
is suddenly feeling rather sentimental.
"aww, you guys are sweet."
"""ah, women. they make the highs higher and the lows more frequent."""
happy holiday!
these ideas are getting more revolutionary by the day... and my mind is still melting.
"really, really, really, really, really wants to learn some kind of individual sport."
stranger than fiction makes me giggle like a little kid.
wiki is down!  nooo!!!
is back home. again.
saw right through the <propmale> of illusion.
did not realize that a night on the bare mountain was rimsky-korsakov's.  what an awesome piece.  youtube it; you should recognize it right away.
is trying to destroy television.  or at least give it a swift kick to the balls.
is listening to npr on the internet.  best. idea. ever.
needs to not post a status ever again.
needs more endurance.
question of the day: suppose you were to dual boot windows 7 and ubuntu 9.10 and you're deciding partition sizes.  would 25gb per os be enough for you?
just realized that he can set up pandora for his car.  so much for satellite radio.
is going back to eastern for a week.
winamp > itunes.  no contest.
has been saved by the power of the dual-boot.  ubuntu 10 ftw.
"tiger < newegg, this is old news. but now newegg < fry's?  i'm totally shocked."
temptation eyes
wonders where the line is drawn between self-discipline and asceticism.
ubuntu 10 is absolutely stunning.
more sunburn
"""you are a super player!!"""
apparently really wanted to shake hands with a lawn mower muffler.
happy egyptian liberation day!
just stormed the donut plains and left no survivors.
is pretty sure the dragon has been slain... bah.
has color in his eyes for the first time in a long time.
is sick of the country being run by old people.  i propose an upper age limit for politicians.
"forgive the reference, but i totally pulled a harry-and-ron-invade-aragog's-lair today. i even wielded a wicked awesome wand."
"can't stand the phrase ""in this economy."""
controls the spice.
loves free software.
needs to figure out this hair thing.
... tailor in the making?
"is, after this year's camp, pretty sure that he needs some kind of monumental change in lifestyle."
how terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise.
burned the roux.
a yes-man does not a good employee make.
"just watched <propfemale> mononoke pretty much for the first time.  quite strange, but rather good."
butterscotch is too sweet to put in pancakes.
has the best friends in the world.
"a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is grading and preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television. in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are using their ""free time"", and often investing their own money, for your child's literacy, prosperity, and future. re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher or appreciate our teachers"
first biking day of the season
the spiders... they are back.
got an interview.  chea!
"""they're coming in too fast!""""you're all clear, kid! let's blow this thing and go home!"""
"loves, loves, loves a good thunderstorm."
interview numero dos.
