80
74013e82812ab01a19624acd2eb5e7a6
28
-
"dont be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good."
rip marshal <propfirst>!
"i just gave my dog <propfemale> a bath.  i guess she thought my other dog <propfemale> was responsible cause as soon as i was done drying her, she jumped on <propfemale> and grabbed her by the throat.  now i have a nice puncture wound on my hand from breaking up a chihuahua fight."
listening to scanner.  suicidal female attempting to ram police cars.  she just went by my sons school at 100 mph while school is letting out.  i hope the police thump her ass good when they catch the bitch!
"out of the mouth of a man, ""<propfemale>, give her a good tip. she had nice boobs!!"". at the restaurant in grafton."
"i loved you the minute i heard you were coming.  i loved you the minute you were born then i saw your face and fell in love some more.  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would.  when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body.  put this on your status of you have children you love more than life..."
"just had the worst time ever at cloud 9.  flash flooding, evacuations, people trapped on the other side of the river, camper swept away in the campground, severe weather, flooding, rain and more rain.  coming home a day early in more severe weather.  hope we make it.  :-/"
i know i have mentioned this before but people in florida can't drive worth a shit and they are rude!
"excited to go to the everglades tomorrow.  as many times as we have been to florida, i have never been on a airboat ride in the everglades."
prayers go out to the nugent's on the loss of their son.  i cant imagine...
control your own <propfemale> or someone else will!
"call of the night....""911, where is your emergency?""  ""yes, there is a he/she assulting my car!""  ""so, is it a male or female?""  ""you know, a he/she?  its a transvestite."""
"i ask my 20 year old if he is dating some girl.  his response, ""i guess you could call it that.  we're not exclusive.""  lol!"
"im so ready for a vacation, i can hardly stand it!"
"ahhh!  now i know why the economy crashed.  the securities and exchange commissionn were suppose to be policing the financial system.  however, they were being paid to watch porn on government issued computers."
"nice and relaxing evening on the boat..then we get the call...""mom and dad, whats for dinner?"""
i cant find my husband.  i wonder if he is on his way to kick jones and burgards asses?
my husband on the roof hanging xmas lights is making me very nervous.
"i am in no way making fun of mentally challenged people.  but i did get a good laugh out of this.  my friend who works at dor (and has a mentally challenged sister) was telling me that one of our local residents (who the police deal with on a regular basis) says to her when he gets his i.d. picture taken, ""when you take my picture, dont make me look anymore retarded then i already look ok!"".  bless his heart!"
congrats to <propmale> who is now in honor society.  im so proud of you!
"would like to make a public apoligy to my hubby.  had him do 4 <propmale> around the lake with me and i almost killed him.  sorry!!  and no i am not ""trying to kill you."""
excited about spending the day on the boat tommorrow fishing and hanging out with the othet number one man in my life!
"is at the lake enjoying my alone time, then everyone decides to show up at ruin it.  not fair!!!"
i was just making fun of the citizens who call 911 and want to know why the tornado sirens are going off.  guess who the first caller was?  one of the officers on duty.
"my husband seems to ""think"" he is working both nights this weekend.  think again mr. dolan!"
"<propfirst> has moved back in which is wonderful.  however, i have to work days tommorrow and there is a rock concert going on downstairs in the family room.  i guess i will lay here and look at the ceiling fan for awhile.  ugh!"
"14 years ago today i married my best friend.  15 years ago this month, <propmale> smith introduced us.  i love you with all my heart and happy anniversary sweetie!"
"3 year old nephew jumping off our boat says, ""one more time, and thats it aunt <propfemale>!!!""  after about 500 xs of catching him we had to stop because arms were sore."
who can i pay to clean the 30 plus fish we just caught??  anyone?
thanks everybody for wishing us a happy anniversary.  hope to have many more.
"the fireman say ""the reason the cops are winning the softball tournement is because they are all on steroids.""  i dont know what cops they are talking about."
"my husband is in kansas city on business.  you would figure he would be out drinking and having fun.  no...he is shopping at bed bath and beyond, kohls, and tj maxx.  very ""girlie"" thing to do!"
"possible tornado hit 3 homes 4 <propmale> away.  i tell the 20 year old not to leave to go to work until it passes.  what does he do, he sneaks out the front door.  i will have to beat him."
"when you <propfemale> with bad people, don't be shocked when bad things happen to you!!!"
"went looking for swimsuits yesterday and bought a one piece.  told my husband that i tried on some two pieces and they just were not looking too good on me.  his response, ""yeah, i have been telling you that your old!""  thats it...i want a divorce!!!"
thank you everyone for the b-day wishes.  i really appreciate it.  i am truely blessed to have wonderful family and friends.  tommorrow i leave for bull shoals lake for some r and r.  see you all on tuesday.
"<propmale> meine who was wanted for murder in <propmale> county gets life in prison in texas for shooting at 2 police officers.  several deputies, desoto officers, and my husband get shot at multiple times for several hours and in <propmale> county and the jerk gets 7 years.  what the hell?  i think the judges and prosecutors in missouri need to take lessons from the texans!"
"im pretty sure im enjoying my vacation so much, im not going back to work!"
"is wondering why my 14 year old son's relationship status is ""married""?  just askin...."
"im thinking next time i will pay someone to clean and detail the boat.  ugh! = \"
my husband does not like my purse and told me to get a diff one.  i really feel he needs to get his own purse to <propfemale> if he doesnt like it.
"just wanted to say what a awesome son i have.  came home from work yesterday evening to a cooked dinner, clean house, and a cleaned out frig.  all this and he is only 14!  thanks son for all you do!  i love you and i am so proud of you."
was beginning to think my deer did not have babies this year.  i look out my window and see <propfemale> twin babies with her.  i guess the deer are having their babies late this year.
my husband just bought me a gun for xmas.  just what i wanted.
"happy birthday to my wonderful husband!  work til 2:30 and then taking him out for dinner.  family, if you interested in going with us, let me know.  should be heading out around 3:00"
"my conversation with the asian lady at the chinese buffet. me - ""i want a sweet tea and a regular tea. her - awwwkay, 2 sweee teeee?"" me - ""no, one sweet tea and unsweet."" her - ""awwwwkay, 2 sweeee teeeee?"" me - ""no 1 sweet and 1 unsweet!"" her ""awwwkaaaay, 2 sweeeee teeeees!""  me - ""okay whatever!!!"""
"on my way to work this morning and saw the perfect bumper sticker.  it read, ""your driving pisses me off enough.  keep your politcal opinions to yourself.""  as i was getting rear ended at a dead stop.  isnt that ironic?"
"just so everyone is clear, <propfirst> is not the boss of me.  thank you!!"
my 13 year old just cracks me up.  he is the love of my life and makes me smile everyday.  <propmale> is the most precious gift god has given me and i am thankful for him every day.  i love you son!
"watching a documentary on homeless children in orange county ca.  really sad and i am thankful i have a good job to give my son a good life.  holy crap these poor kids!  i had to laugh at a 6 year old when the interviewer askes him why he wants a home and he responded with, ""why are you asking me stupid questions?"""
"so proud of my <propmale>.  he has been volunteering at the food pantry everyday witg one of his friends.  the juvenile delinquints are being brought from the juv detention to do communitty service and have to be monitered at all times.  they keep asking ""why does <propmale> get to walk to to mcdonalds and we cant?""  um...because you are in jail!"
sitting in the lake today and going to soak up the sun.  happy day!  :-)
at bass pro wondering how much this trips going to cost?
prayers and hugs to both city officers that were shot last night.  :-(
is going to ask the hillsboro football team ift <propfirst> can design the football helmet next year since he is obviously p.o'd that this years helmet is all white.  he is a fashion icon!
boat and lake time with the hubs before he leaves.  :-(
highway patrols helicopter just went down in clarkso valley.  say a prayer.  one confirmed deceased.
put the boat in storage this weekend.  guess its officially the end of summer.  booooo hissssss! :-(
kudos to a officer i work with.  he found a homeless mother with her 2 small children sleeping in her vehicle behind a business.  he took them to a motel and paid for a room for them out of his own pocket.  really makes me appreciate everything i have including a job and a roof over my head.  i could not imagine being homeless with 2 small children.  makes me sad. :-(
"storey of <propfirst>'s life~while outside cleaning the the ""small"" <propmale> <propfirst> killed this morning, a big 10 point runs past him in our yard.  and, he got a flat tire on his truck and guess what was in the tire?  a deer horn."
tornadoes on new years <propfemale>??  seriously??  poor fort leonardwood and rolla.
i have forgot what it was like to get up in the middle of the night with a sick and screaming 1 year old running a fever.  thanks uncle <propfirst> for going out at 330 in the morning for infant tylenol.  you rock!
"when my son <propfirst> was about 8 years old, my uncle gave him a signed <propmale> musial baseball.  one day, <propfirst> decides he wants to play catch with his dad.  <propfirst> was throwing the ball for about 10 minutes before he looked at it.  guess which ball it was that <propfirst> brought to play catch?  needless to say, i could here <propfirst> yelling and cursing from inside the house."
