396
a63396fac9fe42a18667ce7c4683cb83
23
-
"'letters to god' is an amazing movie, if not sad. if you haven't seen it, consider doing so. :)"
"i didn't know facebook had tetris! :d makes me sooo happy. ^^happy thanksgiving! :)"
"if you click 'like' this status i will post onyour wall something i like about you. make this your status if you want achallenge :)"
"pickone word that describes me, and the word must start with the 3rd letterof your name. then repost this on your <propfemale> and see what answers youget in return."
"the woodpeckers are coming! the woodpeckers are coming!they're pecking on the side of our house. o.o"
"thanks for making last night awesome faith, <propfirst>, and <propmale>! you guys rock! :di never thought i could have so much fun watching the aristocats. xd"
"so pure. so gentle. so amazing.i love snow."
"no youth group tonight cause of snow! d:i still love snow though. :)"
"like my status and i'll tell you:1) -something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds.2) -the color you remind me of....3) -my first memory of you/a memory of you4) -the animal you remind me of...5) -ask something i've always wondered about you.6) -my favorite thing about you.7) -give you a weird nickname.8) -what's written on my shirt now9) -challenge you to post this?"
the twisp mission trip was awesome! had lots of fun building relationships with the people in my youth group and learning to feel the holy spirit a little more. thanks to all of you that encouraged me and helped me through the week. lots of unforgettable memories and unforgettable people.
"hilarious experience at <propfirst> myers yesterday at the dressing room.no employees around. just me, my mom, and another lady waiting for someone.there's a phone that has ""please pick up for assistance."" written on it so we pick it up and the phone on the desk two feet behind us starts ringing. we all look at each other, shrug, and wonder how that helped. then we laughed. never did find an employee. xd"
i love how in every yu-gi-oh show no matter how much abuse the cards take they seem to manage to stay in mint condition. xd
"click 'like' if you're glad you met me, then put this as your status and see how many people are glad they met you. :)"
"if your not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you1 ) crazy (2) i'd date you (3) attractive (4) sarcastic (5) i miss you(6) i'd kiss you (7) i like you (8) smart (9) energetic (10) random(11) hot (12) funny (13) fit (14) amazing (15) tough (16) cute (17) beautiful (18) nerd (19) adorable (20) i love you"
"but when i am afraid, i will put my trust in you. - psalm 56:3i need to learn to do this."
"they say it takes a minute to find a special person,an hour to appreciate them,a day to love them...but then an entire life to forget them.you're all special to me. everyone who can see this. :d"
"i have an amazing boyfriend!thank you for one whole year of happiness, <propfemale>, forgiveness, and love.it's been awesome and i hope it continues to be that way.i love you <propmale>! :d"
"what's on my mind facebook? lots of stuff.do i wanna tell a wall about it? not so much.so instead i'll just write this."
"lets:)? play the color game(: copy this into your status and see whatpeople rate you. *red =i love you * pink = your cute/pretty * green =your funny * orange =i like you * white = i use to like you * yellow =your amazing * black =i hate you * blue = friends 4 ever * purple = i...dont ...know you ...that well *multi-colored= your crazy!? (:"
"confession time , inbox only . that means messages only . 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me but have never had the nerve to . put this as your status && you might be surprised"
"super late happy new year! :dbut i was camping, so i had no internet...hope 2011 will be filled with lots of new memories. :)"
"6 don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything. tell god what you need, and thank him for all he has done. 7 then you will experience god’s peace, which exceeds anything we can understand. his peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in christ jesus. - philippians 4:6-7one of my favorite verses. :)"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!hope it's great for all of you! :)"
"2010 is almost over, so like this if i've made you smile this year. then post this as your status, you'll be surprised at how many people you've made smile"
"i'm not sure i'm gonna have any fingertips at the end of the semester....thank you stained glass and mst. hello band-aids."
"saw a double rainbow on the bus ride home today! was awesome.but on a sad note, please pray for our <propfemale>. she's not doing well. :("
"i had a little bird. it's name was enza. i opened the window, and in flew enza."
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me. but i want you to lie. that's right, just make it up. after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same."
zoey(our <propfemale>) is all stretched out on my lap right now. i feel bad i'm gonna make her get up soon. she's so cute. <3
