435
aca91dc8c3b221f152687b3766370af5
27
-
g.u.a.t.e.m.a.l.a now.
"you make plans, but you never know if they're ever gonna be achieved. plans can change any time, you better not make too much hope on anything."
"""some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. if you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore."" - lady gaga"
"ayer estaba en el camión 24 y <propfemale> subir <propfemale> chico super guapo quien se ubicó donde estaba yo. yo, ansiosa, intentaba decifrar lo que él decía a su amigo. pero algo estaba muy raro. él me miraba, pero no <propfemale> algo de, no sé, como lo digo. y después él alzó su mirada a alguien que estaba a la par mía, la cual <propfemale> mi hermano. de pronto oí a él mencionar de blackcherry... y así me di cuenta que él <propfemale> <propmale> otro bando. xd"
c'est glauque!
christmas shopping is always fun!
@church
hoy probé jícama por primera vez... parecía manzana sin sabor.
"for this christmas, i'll be home alone with <propfirst> mccallister!!"
saturday spirits.
and life goes turning upside down.
"i get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me, or even smile, because i know even if just for a second, i crossed your mind..."
gravity always gets me down.
"trust, is like a paper. once it's crumbled, it can't be perfect again..."
i feel like a piece of glass shattering away
"“it ain't those parts of the bible that i can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that i do understand.” - <propfirst> twain"
being different does not mean it's better. :)
i didn't know that detentions were this much annoying. blessed be ias
smiley men are not to be trusted
i have no idea why these days i have an urge to hug some people... by the way galaxy s is awesome! thnx @<propfirst> arias!
why are there people that are so rude? like they didn't have home education at all.
la envidia mata.
"heads i win, tails you lose."
i am in a serious need of a love counselor.
daze in the maze.
life is like a book; everyday is a new chapter.
cogito ergo sum
athco.
:)
maldita hipocrecia.
"bobadas, bobaditas, bobadonas, bobadillas, bobadonadas."
"loving those who are hurt, who are afraid, who are hiding... in the name of jesus"
abeunt studia in mores
"""i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman, but i have the heart and stomach of a <propmale>."""
love is not love which alters when it alteration finds.
"not one, nor another..."
bendita migraña.
lluvia en guadalajara.
i hate how medicine and money are so closely related these days. hate it
<propfirst> claiborne is awesome. and unknown is a super cool movie.
saturday nights at chapultepec. <3
going rouge this time
knowing and not doing anything about it.
and my heart keeps on beating...
por tanto reirme cuando estoy enojada me voy a volver loca...
all i want for christmas is you.
"""la <propfemale> es muy traicionera, y cada uno se las ingenia para mantener a raya el horror, la tristeza y la <propfemale>."" -<propmale> pérez reverte"
"qué hacemos, más que sonreir y pretender que todo está bien?"
the joy of cooking
y hoy chillé.
stop making a fool out of me.
"""do not weep; do not wax indignant. understand."" -baruch spinoza"
lost appetite.
"""when god closes a door, somewhere he opens a window..."""
learned how to hack internet... ha!!
hateeee daylight saving time... dang it
mi gatita mata cucarachas pero no ratas... :(
"""choix et conscience sont une seule et même chose."" - jean-paul sartre"
haciendo todo lo posible...
ridikulus!
my rainy busy days just begun...
don't even dare to eat an american burger. especially those costing $1.
"the greater you expect, the greater your disappointment will be."
"if you want to get the man of your dreams, first you must become the girl of his dreams..."
esas cancioncitas que oyes en cualquier lado y que te recuerdan a esa persona en especial.
el que viaja sabe que algún día debe partir.
<propfemale> tarde con el cielo gris definitivamente provoca nostalgia...
"¿hola, quieres ser mi amigo(a)?"
"""i always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but i am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter."" -walt disney"
"“i love you, but i don’t dare tell you i love you before you tell me you love me.”"
people mistake me for my sister all the time...
“the single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.” - <propfirst> <propmale> shaw
"“though all society is founded on intolerance, all improvement is founded on tolerance.” - <propfirst> <propmale> shaw"
"you know it by instinct that your internal spring has come when you can feel a little light striking your dead heart, claiming for love..."
“i threw love at the wall and it bounced back and slapped me in the face.”
i seriously missed you today.
watching the <propmale> wedding on live
"happy 10/10/10, that is, october 10th, 2010. i really thought the world could have ended today, i really did. just another day."
amarte para perderte.
moonlight jellyfish
why is re-adding people on fb not so easy? haha.
i hate misunderstandings. i really do
i tried to play the nice korean girl but i drifted.
don't you dare!
"""man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future."" -<propmale> rivarol"
"you just gotta ignite the lightand let it shinejust own the nightlike the fourth of july"
ilusiones y dolor.
"querida enfermedad. esfúmate o algo, me estás matando y ya me tienes harta."
"""cheers to a new year and another <propmale> for us to get it right."" -oprah winfrey"
"my left eye is incredibly red right now, any suggestions to get it back normal again?"
"ya no voy a guatemala para navidad... :( alguien de guadalajara que <propfemale> gustaria compartir su pavo navideño con <propfemale> pobre chica coreana me avisa por inbox, p<propfemale>ase??"
it's official. i am one dailybooth user.
"tal vez, tal vez vaya a pasar algo no esperado."
"this machine will will not communicate these thoughtsand the strain i am underbe a world child form a circle before we all go underand fade out again and fade out again"
rainbow colored shampoo all over my feet
my new year's resolutions: 1. eat better. 2. do exercise. 3. never give up. 4. read more books. 5. take better pictures. 6. spend more time on myself. 7. stay positive. :) [happy new year everyone.]
red red red lips. <3
"en xela... y bajo <propmale> parque manana, o si no pueden, me inboxean sus cels plz ;)"
"a veces tomamos las decisiones más incorrectas, pensando que son las más correctas."
here comes your favorite most attractive unattractive person.
weekend in guatemala (city)
"y este corazón, está latiendo,cada vez más lentoy estoy sintiendo en mis adentroscómo el fuego no se apagó..."
"will you love me tomorrow,like you love me today?otherwise, as i see the sunrise,shed a tear, i may."
