294
e763eda9206d93e0b0c407bfc2504757
17
-
colts rocked it last night! holla
"something i heard today stuck in my head, don't ask for permission ask for forgiveness."
it's the weekend!! let's get ready for football! yea baby!!! oh yeah vols could you stop sucking?
begining to think people take mcdonalds breakfast way to serious! my car has been hit 2 times in 6 months and i'm just trying to get a biscut just like they are geez!!!
at the end of the day the only person you have to live with is yourself. quotes to live by
"yay, it's starting to look like christmas in my house! my cats love it! oh-no.......lol"
who will win tonite payton or <propmale>? we shall see! i love my colts!
looking forward to a football weekend!
dang it vols!! you got to play the same in the second half too!! come on.
"if you get a <propmale>, take it. if it changes your life, let it. nobody says it will be easy. they just promise it will be worth it!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"my in-laws are in, yay! they're treating us to a condo on the beach with an awesome view! wow, so sweet of them!! love it!"
it was great to see my family! it has been too long! i promise to keep in touch! remember that i love you! i made it home safely!
"i never look back to see where i've been, because where i'm going is more important!"
can always count on american idol for a good laugh....
"love me without fear, trust me without wondering, love me without restrictions, want me without demand, and take me for who i am"
love my colts!! sorry <propfemale>!
happy birthday to my son <propfirst>! omg he's 17......
"don't sweat the petty stuff, and most definitely don't pet the sweaty stuff!!:.."
hey virginia..wake up! i'm on my way!! can't wait to see my family!!
"never let failure get to your heart, and never let succes get to your head. quotes to live by......"
"wow, i just love the way you train your body to get up for work! and, even on your days off, you still wake up!! love it!!! not!!!"
happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open. <propfemale> <propfirst>
"it sucks being a ""cancer"". i hate my moody self!"
who made up the stupid celebration penalty rule! find another job loser!!
i want my own reality show........
"fb remembers birthdays, my phone remembers <propfirst> and dates, my dvr remembers my favorite shows. no wonder i can't remember anything!"
"i just wanna say to payton manning, ""come on man""!"
thanks to all my friends for your special thoughts and prayers!
love the people who treat you right! forgive the ones who don't! life is too short!!!
"how sure are we that there is no such thing as a stupid question? if you work at an animal shelter and someone walks up to you and asks ""do you have any animals in need of a good home?"" hmmm"
how richlands are you?? -- my result: you been parking at the <propmale> kone for years!!. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/124933/referrals/status?aid=100001560292864
there can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do. freya stark
"never say you can't do something. remember, experts built the titanic, but an amateur built <propmale>'s ark!!!"
hey <propmale> and <propfemale> love you guys!!!
happy halloween!
"when everything seems like an up-hill struggle, just think of the view from the top!"
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could talk to you again. i thought of you today, but that's nothing new. i thought about you yesterday and days before that too. i think of you in silence. i often speak your name. all i have are memories and a picture in a frame. re-post if you have someone in heaven you miss. i miss you mommy!"
i can be changed by what happens to me. but i refuse to be reduced by it. <propfemale> angelou
it does'nt matter where we plant our roots just as long as our branches reach toward the sun.......ruth <propmale>
"don't grow up, its a trap!!!"
"everyone has a crazy side, i just show mine more than normal. lol"
is so mad right now i should'nt speak!!!!!
the more i learn about people the more i love my my job!
they may forget what you said but they will never forget how you made them feel. <propfirst> w. buechner
"you can't control what happens in life!! but, you can control what you learn from it!!!"
learn to live in the moment.........
love is stronger than hate! family is for life! xoxo
"life is about learning what's worth fighting for, and realizing when strength is more than muscle."
"you never know how strong you are, until it's all you have."
there are some things we may never understand!!
"taking one step at a time, great things can happen!"
......it's all about taking chances!!
"okay! it's official, i'm tired of being a grown up!!"
i'm stuck with eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich cuz i'm a bad friend...
"if you don't like my honesty, then don't make me use it!!!"
"i really believe <propfemale> is no joke, especially for the ones that play the victim when they deserve everything that comes their way. so glad i have grown up!!!"
"you cannot force someone to show you respect, but you can refuse to be disrespected!!"
"omg.......enuff of <propfirst> sheen already..aka ""<propfirst> estevez""....shewwwww"
"today's special: a generous portion of attitude, smothered in a quick temper, with a side of sarcasm....lol"
"dear people in line behind me at the grocery store, taking steps toward me won't make the line move any faster. so, back up, and get out of my space!!!!!!"
who loves <propfemale> white? holla
letting go does'nt mean giving up.....it means moving on~
sorry vol fans! we did play better this week! see ya next year gators!
"ok if there is 10 fish, and 5 drown, but 3 come back, how many would there be...stop counting fish don't drown!:) lol"
ready for football weekend!!!
let's win today vols. beat those gators!!!!!
"just wondering..... if toast lands with butter side down and cats always land on their feet, what would happen if you buttered the back of a cat and dropped it? lol"
let's go vols!!!!!!!!!
dang!!! football gets my blood pumpin'!!
i have bite marks on my tongue from all the things i should've said but did'nt!!!
~ happiness is the ultimate revenge ~
a person who never makes a mistake is a person who does nothing!
"a special shout out to makenzie, i'll keep looking for the moxi doll house!!!"
a man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. <propfirst> barrymore.
"hey <propfemale>! the next time you feature zoom, he wants you to mention he likes to sing the blues. lol"
"fall is my favorite season! still waiting for that chill in the air! but, at least i have football!"
to all x's in the world....hell hath no fury like a woman scorned!! hahahaha
did you know female spiders eat the males after mating?? smart creatures...lol =^.^=
boo hoo those pictures of judas are really hard to look at!!!
bye bye buckeyes!!!
what are you watching on tv tonite?
"don't underestimate the impossible, life just might surprise you!!"
...mistakes make me human. failure makes me stronger. love keeps me alive. but its you who keeps me smiling...:)<3
decided to lay in the sun today by the pool. needed to relax! had to remind myself it's october!!!
i love those random memories that make you smile no matter what's going on in life<3
the size of your next step doesn't matter as much as your direction!!!
"""if you don't have time to do something right, where will you find time to fix it?"" ~ <propfirst> <propmale>"
is sleep over rated? wish i knew! ugh........
"to the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world!"
"a vol victory!!!! oh yea haters, that just happened!!! go vols!!!!!!"
i'm lovin <propfirst> <propfirst> as a judge on idol!
"it takes 3 things to succeed in life- a wish bone, a back bone and a funny bone!"
spiders.......natures little way of reminding us we can all scream like a little girl...haha
"life is not always as it seems, neither are people!!!"
miss you more sunshine!
i would love to meet chef <propmale> ramsey!
"i believe our finger prints never fade from the lives we touch.....""remember me""."
your future happiness may very well depend on your ability to leave your past behind!
you haven't failed until you quit trying.
"everyone is capable of brightening a room; some by entering, some by leaving..."
loving the cold weather.......my favorite time of the year!!!!
tired of being sick!!!...........
"yes i'm wrong, in all the right ways! thanks pink........."
yay football weekend !!!!!!!!!
"when life gives you lemons, cut them in half and squirt life in the eye!!!"
every survival <propfemale> should include a sense of humor!!!
"i'm an un-apologetic <propfemale>n! i pledge allegiance, to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>! and to the republic, for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible with <propfemale> and justice for all. i grew up reciting this every morning in school. it's. a shame we no longer do, for fear of offending someone. let's see how many americans will re-post this and not care about offending someone. god bless"
"life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.............unknown"
i've had a freakin ear ache for 2 days!!! and i'm sick of it!!!
life is short. pick your battles wisely. some are'nt worth fighting!!!
"your past is not who you are, it's who you were!"
hope everyone has a blessed <propfemale> christmas!!!
"all that you say, all that you do will become someones memories....make all memories of you good ones!!!"
you can't keep a good man down!!! i love you peyton and the colts!!!
"dear facebook, please make a slap button!"
"i believe the longest and hardest road you will ever take, is the one that leads you back to where you should be in life."
"find a man who says your beautiful instead of hot, stays awake to watch you sleep, who kisses you on the forehead, who turns to his friends and says ""this is her"". i love my hubby!"
"don't live by what you can accomplish, live by what you can overcome......."
therapy is too expensive! popping bubble wrap is free!
i can't believe south <propfemale> is going to beat florida at the swamp!!!!!! sorry hubby
they say nothing in life is impossible-- well you try nailing jelly to a tree! lol
boohoo!!! frosty melted!!!
"every night should close with a fresh, warm, homemade piece of chocolate cake, yummmmmmmmm........"
to be yourself....is a beautiful thing!!!
i don't have a husband i can live with; i have a husband i can't live without! i love you hubby!!!
"give everything, or nothing at all, be honest, or don't speak,be there or don't be seen, be faithful and trust worthy, or let go and fade away......."
"as this day closes, the memories we made, still make me smile!!"
"love your life, cuz it's the only one you get!"
ringing in the new year with strawberries and champagne....yummy!!!
i am who i am. your approval is not required!
"it's 'i love my sister' week. a sister is a friend forever. if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this on your status. i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!! thanks......"
"every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day!!"
"strangers think i'm quiet. my friends think i'm out-going. but, only my best friends know i'm completely insane!:..."
"today i may be a lump of coal, but soon i will shine like a <propfemale>!!"
my bf is in town can't wait too see you......yay!!!
playin fetch with my cat snoop. man he's good!
"love me or hate me, both are in my favor. if you love me, i'll always be in your heart. if you hate, i'll always be in your mind....william shakespeare......"
