9
8364eb7ffc6fd539336436ead20aa0ff
21
-
is really jealous of a guy named klaus.
i would like to thank my uncle for giving me the most ridiculous speakers ever.
did a good thing today.
we will never forget.
agrees with <propmale>
"rip indy, we'll miss you."
just discovered the interrobang. why is this not on keyboards now?
done with class for the decade!
sledding ftw!
just experienced hate in a shot glass. wow...
is done for the decade!
"1 class into the semester, and i already know it's gonna be a killer."
i love me some texas toast.
wildcat fans living up to our title. gotta love it.
"i would like to take this moment to tell all the gloating ku fans to shut the hell up. it was a truly great game. the fans brought so much doom, the octagon was overflowing. go cats!!"
it's (college) gameday! happy franksgiving everyone!
is not hating this weather.
"holy shit!! <propmale> aldrich fouled out of a game! oh, and <propmale> morningstar = free throw fail!! hahaha"
"is proud of the wildcat nation.  we don't wave the wheat, we wave good-bye."
story of my fucking life.
the swat! team is gonna do work tonight! go state!
this pisses me off!
my give-a-damn is broken. meh.
feeling like a grown-up.
seriously kansas? snow? make up your mind.
well...that's that.
murder night = awesome night
just got served...again.
done with class. forever.
last first day of class. go!
2500 <propmale> and i'm back where i started. only colder.
elite 8 baby!!! go cats!!!
nothing like a 6 mile hike through the konza to clear your mind.
in the lab at 4 am and sitll goin' strong.
doesn't know what to say.
honda saves the day.
i will forget this date when i forget my own name.
never thought i'd be so happy for it to be 5:30 on friday.
1 hour until pure epicness! the storm is brewing!
to whom ever took my kraken bottle: i want it back. please and thank you.
i saw the light at the end of the tunnel...then the tunnel collapsed.
today quickly turned into the worst day imaginable. fml
enjoyed his impromptu shower leaving work today.
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
hale storm = epic
just learned how to play snake on youtube. now i can be unproductive while being unproductive. it's the inception of unproductivity.
"how many uses before a key becomes too worn out to use? i don't know, but my car key does."
it's hard to believe i only have one more year of school left.
epic lightning on the way to work this morning. very cool.
"motherfuckin' wildcats!!...oh, and my tits were on espn"
"when life gets tough, it means god is afraid of your progress."
"""the stakes were high, but he did not back down."" -<propfemale> masters"
"i ain't gotta wait for no one. if i wanna fly, i could fly for freedom."
is done waking up at the ass-crack of <propfemale>!
as <propmale> stinson has said many times: suit up!
1500 yards. my shoulders are going to hate me.
what have i done to deserve this? damn it.
i control my own life. <propfirst> was never in charge.
"see, things do come around and make sense eventually. things do come around, and some things still trouble me."
done with finals...in 24 hours. lame
enrolled for the last time today. weird.
management term paper done. now what?
snow?! seriously?
my car picked the perfect time to become completely fucking useless.
tonight was...eventful.
layout is bullshit!!!
