231
cffd6180183ab090d47796b4e85028d5
27
-
i am hungry
<propfemale> värld är gelé.
"class cancelled i don't like unstructured time, when i am supposed to have scheduled time, because i know nothing will be done"
mitt namn på frågesport från http://oxie.com är nu: <propfirst>
vit som snö
"i am sitting by the computer, 6 feet behind me is a guitar, and it just made  a a-flat sound. weird. i'm going to bed before i start hearing more things."
"urgh curvy typefaces, pain in the a**"
need to dye my hair or something
"smått uttråkad, jao"
what now!?
"men jag fann ingen ro i <propfemale> led, inget skäl att dela med mig meroch jag fann ingenting som höll mig sövd, ingenting som släckte längtans törst"
"i just want to make music, not do homework.."
"he's in line! god is everywhere that is crazy, he's ten years old, isn't that ogo - jazzy in the car(don't ask me what ogo means i have no idea, and apparently neither has jazzy, i asked)"
"i type in f in my browser, i was thinking of going to flashback.org but i ended up on facebook, screw you facebook"
"i felt a cleaving in my mind as if my brain had spliti tried to match it seam by seambur could not make them fit. the thought behind, i strove to joinunto the thought before but sequence ravelled out of sound like balls upon a floor. <propfemale> dickinson"
what us everyone doing?! i want to do something!
felt like i spent sunday afternoon in greece.
must stop falling in love with jgl.
took the longboard out for a date.
http://pressanykey.com/cgi-bin/jquiz.cgi
"multitasking: watching caprica, reading with the light, on wikipedia and on facebook and then all the things going on in my brain..."
"i move from place to place, a life of nameless faces,looking for some place that i'd call home,i'd always be moving on;always trying to find some place i could call mine,but that never came my way and the feelings was there to stay,not knowing who i used to be.i look in the mirror, in the face looking back i see.  .  .""don't know. who is me?""- <propfemale> <propmale>"
i always start feeling awesome when the sun goes down..
in my beginning is my end.
"brilliant one weekend left to work in the darkroom and i haven't even started shooting yet, hopefully the guy i asked to model for me pulls through. i've got awesome pictures in my head over how i want it to look, now i have to execute it."
had an awesome photoshoot with s. from now on i will always use him as a model. hopefully the two rolls of film we shoot will turn out decent.
urg the photo-lab closed early today :( i was really looking forward to develop and work on my prints.
