44
43c23fca08e5c0b06069d50e7f9c4fe8
21
-
"oh no, weekend is almost over!"
"wow, busy day, so glad its almost bed time!"
do not click the candid camera prank.  it is some sort of spam or virus.  it will automatically send to all your friends!
i am very lucky to have such a wonderful bunch of friends and family in my life.  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes.
beer
happy easter everyone!
"my backpack is packed!  my son zach and i will be heading off early in the morning to the <propfemale> lake loop in the ansel adams wilderness.  3 days of pure nature, no cell phones or internet!  have a great weekend everyone."
is it monday already?  ?
happy earth day everyone!
happy christmas to all my family and friends.  i am so glad to have you all in my life.  may all your holiday wishes come true.
"made it back safe and sound from backpacking.  my son zach and i had a great time.  it was beautiful, i am sore and exhausted.  it's a good think i have time to recover tomorrow before going back to work wednesday!!"
"wine tasteing in napa last night, had a great time.  off to san franciso to visit <propfemale> town."
"went to the air show today, <propfirst> had a great time.  getting ready for the last episode of lost!!  i am going to be so sad when its over.  :("
is waiting for <propmale> dunham to get on stage at the save mart center. :)
"it's daughter's week! if you have a daughter that makes your life worth living & your heart skip a beat,then copy & post to your profile."
"well i am off to go camping early in the morning, hope everyone have a great memorial day weekend.  see everyone next week.  :)"
finally made it home!!!
lol!  just passed a piggly wiggly on the way to the airport!  had a great trip!  i will feel so much better once the six hours of flying are behind me though.
is so glad it's friday!!!!
happy valentines day everyone.  hope your day is wonderful.  time for chocolate!
"just took a tour of the sorrel weed house in <propfemale>.  it was featured on ghost hunters acadamy and is known as one of the most haunted places in <propfemale>.  i got to use an emf detector and everything!  didn't see any ghosts though. :(this is such a beautiful city."
is officially a certified veterinary practice manager. :)
"my goals for the next year- live in the moment, enjoy each day to the fullest, make sure each of my loved ones know how much  they are loved and be the best person i can be.  happy new year everyone."
