6
beeb68b947eaec4a55a9d8d20a7c5b52
33
+
i'm in whitehorse for 6 weeks
i'm back home and have a new baby brother
i miss camp!!!!!!!!!!!!!
motley crue january 23!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is at monica's. <propfemale> <propfirst> ogden to be exact.
avatar was a horrible movie
i dont get y people are afraid of the unknown becaues the unknown is usually way more fun than the known
"<propfemale> christmas,  happy hanica happy kwanza and whatever other celebrations there are today"
happy christmass <propfemale>
it's christmas break!!!!!!!!!!
only 2 more years till the world ends! i'm stoked
it's alot of peoples birthday today so happy birthday
73%! highest in my corps
just saw a pink <propmale> tribute band :)
stoked for motley crue on saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!
crue rocked!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhh i cant think of what 2 write 4 the next scene of my play im freakin out d=
nsce phase 1 tomorrow
2nd place!!!
improv south island cup!!!!!!!!! vic high ftw
motley crue!!!!!!!!! stoked 4 saturday :p
eating chilly... yum =d
everyone in <propfemale>! go to the improv south island cup finals tonight at 7:30 at vic high to watch some awesome improv and hopefully see vic high win. tickets are $8.00 for students and $10.00 for everyone else outside the auditorium in the foyier
"you'll have to excuse me i'm not at my best, i've been gone for a month, i've been drunk since i left and these so called vacations will soon be my death, i'm so sick from the drink, i need home for a rest"
too much popcorn... blaaaaaaaa
i need your cloths! your boots! your motorcycle!!!!!!!!
goin to see the wolfman
doing a novel study which is due tomorrow :(
my computer is fubar
stoked to direct a play!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<("") we lost hocky! y did they use broduer instead of luongo? our team is dum"
evryone audition for <propfemale> and my play thursday feb25 at lunch and at lunch and after school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oooooooooooouch my thumb!
watching serenity
cast list posted tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats to evryone who auditiond today u all did an excelent job! i hope most of u get the parts u want :)
of course canada wom they put luongo in net this time:)
"for goodness sake, i've got the hippie hippie shake :p"
"i'm walking by the memorial arena with hilevy and <propfirst> when some chick stops beside us in a <propfirst> chick: ""where's shelbourne and mcdonalds"" us: ""shebourne and mcdonalds?"" chick: ""don't laugh at me i'm a tourist, im not from here"" us: ""there's no mcdonalds street"" chick: ""where's the nearest mcdonalds. fuck you lucky charms!""  {throws lucky charms at us and drives off} fun times =d"
that deaf dumb and blind kid sure plays a mean pinball
"s a f e t y   safety dance, we can dance if we want to we can leave your friends behind cause your friends dont dance and if they dont dance well they're no friends of mine"
ozzy in 4 hours
"this is our decision, to live fast and die young, we've got the vision, now lets have some fun"
"two of us riding nowhere, spending someones hard earned pay"
itetete (that means ouch ouch ouch in japanese) ;)
going to chill with <propmale> and <propfemale> today :d
my spoon is too big
set the controls for the heart of the sun
listening to great gig in the sky :)
going to see nazareth sunday :d
way too tired for life
didnt get to go to the zombie walk because of an ftx :( lame
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo <propfemale> got a higher average on nsce than me and school tomorrow d:
<propmale> halford opening for ozzy osbourne in 5 hours
only 3 months till summer!!!!!!!!! i'd better get into ld&c
"i dont need no arms around me, i dont need no drugs to calm me, i have seen the writing on the wall, dont think i need anything at all, all in all it was all just brics in the wall, all in all you re all just bricks in the wall"
the weekend is over :(
headed to vancouver tomorrow morning to see <propmale> waters tomorrow night :d goin on a musical journey!!!
"all i can say is that my life is pretty plain, i like to watch the puddles gather rain, and all i can do is just poor some tea for two, and speak my point of view but it's not sane :d"
would u believe me if i told u i was being followed by a yellow submarine?
"i could use a good laugh: you and i wake up in jail together. using only 4 words, what would you say? (note if you comment you gotta post this as your status. fair is fair..... play along.)"
"for goodness sake, ive got the hippy hippy shake"
has returned home!!!!!!! :d
rehersals rocked today!!!!!
this weekend was the first time in over 2 months i've done absolutely nothing :d it was pretty great
watching godzilla :d
"got 4 hours of sleep last night and 3 friday night,... put together that is exact amount of sleep the average person should get every night :o"
"got that rainbow feel, but the rainbow had a beard"
hakuna matata :d
proper preparation prevents piss poor performance
fml co's parade
how did we meet? (copy this to your status and see who remembers?)
"my chanter <propmale> flew across my room, bounced off the wall and is now lost forever :("
there is snow falling from the sky d:
"you can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice.if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.you can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill;i will choose a path that's cleari will choose freewill."
only 4 weeks till school's out... then camp soon after :d
"<propfemale> road= the greatest album ever created by any man, mortal or not"
and in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make
"had a very strange night with geoff <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> <propfemale> bégin, <propfirst> j auger-langejan, <propfirst> elder, <propfirst> morin, and jenn geranium neufeld"
i'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade
one acts rocked and i dont think im sick anymore so its been an awesome start to the weekend. good job cast and crew
"anyonecould seethe road that they walk on is paved in goldand it's alwayssummer, they'll never get coldthey'll never get hungrythey'll never getold and grayyou can see their shadows wandering off somewheretheywon't make it homebut they really don't carethey wanted thehighwaythey're happier there today"
has just made a resume and decided that he will [gulp] apply for a job
school's starting again :( i call shinanigans
"s how i wish, how i wish you were here, we're just two lost souls, swimming in a fish bowl, year after year, running over the same old ground, what have we found, the same old fears, wish you were here"
ozzy osbourne in 1 week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propmale> raccoon checked into his room only to find gigans bible, <propmale> had come equipped with a gun to shoot off the legs of his rival"
toy story 3 is awesome!!! especially in the imax :d
i want to be under the sea in an octopuss's garden
"<propfirst> played guitar, <propfemale> played bass, name of the band is the human race, tell me everybody have u heard, pop goes the world"
bloop! wtf is this bloob!? facebook should not bloop! it should pop! aaaaaaaah >:(
is at <propmale> mountain cadet summer training center from july 11th - august 22nd
"we are, we are the saints, we sold our lives away, doesn't matter what you think, we're gonna do it anyway, we are, we are the saints, one day you will confess, and pray to the saints of losangeles"
"rejoice, rejoice, we have no choice"
"random guy by save on foods arena: ""excuse me, could you do me a favor"" me, <propfirst> <propfemale> bégin and <propfirst> morin: ""sure""guy: have a <propfemale> christmas, and if its not too much to ask could you do somethingh else for me?us: okguy: have a happy new year, and if its not looking too far into the future have a happy valentines dayguy: and i'd like to ask one more thing, do u have a smoke i can buyus: no sorryguy walks away"
"if wishes were trees, the trees would be falling, listen to reason, reason is calling, your feet are going to be on the ground, your head is there to move you around"
"i hope this old train breaks down, then i could take a walk around and see what there is to see, time is just a <propfemale>, with all the people in the street walkin fast as their feet could take em i just roll through town and though the window's got a view with the frame i'm lookin through seems to have no concern for now"
yet another excellent weekend completed :d
stoked for camp
"hey mr.tambourine man play a song for me, im not sleepy and there is no place im going to"
his is a call to arms to live and love and sleep together
we are the sultans of swing
"and i dont wanna say i told you so but i told u so now you lost control, and i dont wanna be the rise and fall give me more or nothing at all"
omnom thanksgiving :)
why are there so many happy birthdays
im fixing a hole where the rain gets in and stops my mind from wandering where it will go
"look at them yoyo's that's the way you do it, playin the guitar on the mtv, that ain't workin, that's the way you do it, money for nothin and chicks for free"
"strangers passing in the street, by <propmale> two separate glances meet, and i am you and what i see is me, and do i take you by the hand, and lead you through the land, and help me understand the best i can, and no-one calls us to move on, and no-one forces down our eyes, and no-one speaks and no-one tries, and no-one flies around the sun"
"i remember when rock was young, me and <propfemale> had so much fun, holdin hands and skippin stones, had an old gold chevy and a place of my own, but the only kick i ever got, was doing a thing called the crocodile rock, while the other kids were rockin around the clock, we were hoppin and boppin to the crocodile rock :d"
"due to the events that have occurred this weekend, i now have an undying hatred for gnomes"
time to cram 4 history :)
there are 33638400 minutes in 64 years and one minute is a long time...
just experienced the greatest weekend of my life. fuck yes <propmale> waters the wall live in vancouver!
svrn thinks <propfemale> is awesome
anyone perfect must be lying anything easy has its costs anyone plain can be lovely anyone loved can be lost what if i lost my direction what if i lost sense of time what if i nurse this infection maybe the worst is behind
fuck hamster cages
"all the lonely people where do they all come from, all the lonely people where do they all belong"
"today is probably the best day of the year, groups of people dress up in rediculous costumes and go door to door, only to be  awarded with large quantities of <propfemale>. how could you go wrong with something that awesome :)"
loving this island air so much better than <propfemale> :)
"i dont need no arms around me, and i dont need no drugs to calm me, i have seen the wrighting on the wall, dont think i need anything at all, all in all it was all just bricks in the wall, all in all u were all just bricks in the wall"
is sick :(
"bang bang <propmale>'s silver hammer came down upon her head, bang bang <propmale>'s silver hammer made sure that she was dead"
6 hours till the greatest show i will ever have the <propmale> to experience
ftx this weekend...
"dr.jones dr.jones calling dr.jones, dr.jones dr.jones wake up now :d"
"today is far too ridiculous for me, i just came home to homeless people on my back porch stealing cans"
0<(:o)
"everybody open your mouth, everybody just say ah, everything will be alright this wont hurt at all, everybody get in line, everybody turn and caugh, everything will be alright if you just lay off"
:o there is no microsoft office yet on my moms new computer and i need to write lesson plans :o
looks like im not going to the och concert :( i gotta teach tonight then wake up early for paintball!!! :d
is one cool cat
"put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone,who has been eaten by dragons. dragons are nearly unstoppable, they breathe fire and belch lava. 93% of people won't copy and paste this,because they have already been eaten by dragons. 6% of people are...sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, while the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this."
"so ya', thought ya' might like to, go to the show, to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow, tell me is something eluding you sunshine? is this not what you expected to see? if you wanna' find out what's behind these cold eyes, you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise!"
happy kwanza!!! :d
ozzy osbourne tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d
has floor tickets to see the <propmale> of darkness on nov12!!!!!!!!!
ozzy osbourne!!!!!!!!!!! best concert i have or will ever see!!!!!!!!!!!... unless i see rush
is very hungry but is lacking snacks to munch :/ this is a terrible dilemma
we are the priests of the temples of syrinx
does anyone have any ideas for a play i can write
"money, so they say, is the root of all evil today"
"went and saw easy a and resident evil 4 with <propfirst> j auger-langejan last night, and discovered that a majority of victorias population is in his corps' band, which is lame because practice is on monday and people could have been watching movies instead of playing instruments, even those who are not in <propmale>'s corps."
yippey kayey motherfucker
"there is snow in my city,... that doesnt belong here :("
is now wo crawley!!! :d
is starving
"he's a real nowhere man, sitting in his nowhere land, making all his nowhere plans for nobody"
"if you should go skating, on the thin ice of modern life, dragging behind you the silent reproach, of a million tear-stained eyes, don't be surprised when a crack in the ice, appears under your feet., you slip out of your depth and out of your mindwith your fear flowing out behind you, as you claw the thin ice."
"here am i floating in a tin can, high above the world, planet earth is blue and theres nothing i can do"
"so ya, thought ya, might like to, go to the show, to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow, tell me is something eluding you sunshine, is this not what you expected to see, if you want to find out what's behind these cold eyes, you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise"
ozzy osbourne exactly one month away!!!!
dont worry about it
"open up the gates of the church and let me out of here, too many people have lied in the name of christ, for anyone to heed the call,so many people have died in the name of christ that i can't believe it all, and now i'm standing on the grave of a soldier that died in 1799, and the day he died it was a birthday, and i noticed it was mine, and my head didn't know just who i was, and i went spinning back in time"
just completed about 48 hours of cadets
"we are the priests of the temples of syrinxour great computers fill the hallowed hallswe are the priests, of the temples of syrinxall the gifts of life are held within our walls"
"according to urban dictionary, a severen is a super sexy god of sex xd"
"im so glad, im so glad, im glad, im glad, im glad"
"north korea launched a missile at south korea on tuesday. now obama announced that americas got south koreas back and sent over an aircraft carrier like yesterday. if north korea attacks south korea, <propfemale> will probably help them out. wtf"
is out of halloween <propfemale> :(
"<propfirst> jennings  has now officially los status as a 90s kid, she has not done any of the awesome things us 90s kids got to do and therefore is no longer from the 90s, may god save her soul"
"i am a rock, i have an island :)"
"b est music ever!e? verybody loves them!a ll the time, we listen to them!t hey are just awesome!l? osers are the people who hate on them.e verywhere? you go.s o, listen to them!"
"all movement is accomplished in 6 stages, and the 7th brings return"
has decided to play donkey kong 64 :d
"living in the limelight approaches the unreal, for those who think and feel, in touch with some reality beyond the gilded cage"
"look around, leaves are brown, and the sky, is a hazy shade of winter"
ow owns the osbournes season 1 on dvd xd win
"suddenly misses 1 platoon in whitehorse alot, i wonder why *cough* <propfirst> <propmale>'s status *cough* :("
first place <propfemale> high!!!!! improv is amazing :d
"theres only us, theres only this, forget regret, or life is yours to miss, no other time, no other way, no day but today"
echoes :d
"the line it is drawnthe curse it is castthe slow one nowwill later be fastas the present nowwill later be pastthe order israpidly fadin'.and the first one nowwill later be lastfor the times they are a-changin'."
really hurtin to climb a mountain or canoe down some waterfalls right now
"im sitting here calmly watching ""the wall"" when my mom bursts into my room: ""the world is coming to an end!!!! <propfemale> palin has her own reality show and its on 24 hours a day!!! and shes going to become the next present because people are that dumb"" then leaves. i love my family :d"
<propmale> oj's mom's a bitch xd i feel sorry for u man
