415
303066399db48792c8f0eefcc6eaa4fa
35
+
"did not mean ass, ment add them. god it's hell gettiing old."
my farmville tree is full of all the wonderful gifts my friends have sent me. i thank each and every one of you. may your christmas be filled with family and friends and the  new year bring happiness to your heart <propfemale>
"<propfirst>, where do i find note???? i guess i'm not the sharpes tool in the shed. love you"
<propfemale> how have you been? what.s that old saying you can run but you can't hide
where do i find note??????
"i'm thankful today for my family and friends, because without them where would any of us feel the love and kindness that is sent our way."
"today i am thankful for my grandchildern,  they have all made there own path in life and are reaching for there dreams"
today i'm thankfull for - my puppy <propfemale> of the valley did not chew up my good pair of shoes. as i left them laying out on the floor. lol.
happy thanksgiving to everyone.  may your day be wonderful and filled with love
today i'm thankfull for getting myslef out the door and off to my fun day :)
if any one out there can tekk me why i can not get  on farm town  please let me know. server says link not found. click link but nothing happens. help please <propfemale> from farm town
today i'm thankful for the little puppy that has come in to my life. makes me laugh untill it hurts
i'm thankful for my sisters and love them all so very much
to all my familey and frioends a very  <propfemale> christmas and a safe and wonderful new year
i sent out a friend/neighbor request formy sister-in-law <propfemale> beazley for  countrylife if you have room to add her as a neighbor and friend i will very grateful thank you <propfemale> ohman from countrylife
thank 's to all that helped me raise my tool shed.   i don't have room for a barn yet.  soon i hope i will find the room for one. again thank you one and all <propfemale>
i did the macarena with a ninja on your car because i'm sexy and i do what i want
"<propfemale> whatley warning: i received this two hours ago..''do not accept the friendship of <propfemale> rivalta nor <propfemale> mainardi nor minal nitesh nor cherita walters barnett . they are hackers. . copy this text into your profile, do not be lazy, do it((only passing info along))"
seahawks are going to make it to the top this time around
röd
"well all the farm fields are plowed,  the chickens are put to bed, and the cows are in the barn.  the fish have all been sold. the lights our out in the café and i will miss my missions on hunting for egg. but my good friends and neighbors  i’m out of here> on my way to hawaii to sit in the sun sad to say it’s only for a week  but a week of sun is better then none. <propfemale>"
back from hawaii and wish i was still there. had a great time with the family. will post pictures.
thanks to all my great neighbors for there help in biulding a bigger chicken coop:)
once again i would like to thank my great neighbors on farmville for helping out in making my  barn large. now i can save more stuff lol.  you guys are great. :) your neighbor <propfemale>
just got home and a glass of wine was waiting. how sweet is that?
"news flash according to zynga's <propfirst> g, the problems that we are experiencing with being sent to the farms without our gifts, bonuses, or rewards, are platform issues that they are working on and hope to resolve. you might pass this on so that your friends are not blaming you for the problems"
i have everything for my farm house except clinging vines. i need 6 more. if anyone can help me that would be great. a big thank you to my neighbors for getting me this far. <propfemale>
"mad dog 20/20 just kidding. red wine and i  can""t spell the name all i do is drink it that's  why i can spell ."
mad dog 20/20 just kidding  can't spell the name all i do is drink  it. that is why i can't spell
to all my family and friends   may the peace and joy that you have been sherching for be your in 2010 love all of you <propfemale>
<propfemale> ohman i think i got what is going on. they put up a copper butterfly and all the farmers think they can get one if they share not true. they just have us running after the little guy and in the end we the running farmer get nothing. great excesies i have lost 10 lb.
i can't get farmville to load. is anyone eles having the same kind of problem?
"""today i stand with the teachers, nurses, and all public employees of wisconsin who are fighting for their rights. if you do too, change this to your status for the rest of the day."""
"today i stand with the teachers, nurses, and all public employees of wisconsin who are fighting for their rights. if you do too, change this to your status for the rest of the day."""
"by ap washington (ap) - capping a decade of delays and embarrassing missteps, the air force on thursday awarded one of the biggest defense contracts ever - a $35 billion deal to build ... to the boeing co. best news ever."
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals....yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are disrespecting gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to express your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future."
"dear congress, last year i mismanaged my funds and this year i cannot decide on a budget. until i have come to a unified decision that fits all of my needs and interests, i will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes. i'm sure you'll understand. thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow. repost if you agree pay our military!!!!!!!"
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour. i know the ones who will. think of someone you know or love who has had cancer. my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all who have fought and are fighting. i hope to see this in my status of all my....friends!!
"if u were raised on cornbread & beans,your crib was covered with lead based paint,rode bike with no helmet on gravel roads,parents had no child proof lids or seat belts in cars,got a switching when u misbehaved,had 3 tv channels & got up 2 change, school always started w/the pledge of allegiance, stores closed on sunday, if u drank water out of the creek & a water hose and still turned out ok....then re-post this"
"the application ""horse contest"" is temporarily unavailable due to an issue with its third-party developer. we are investigating the situation and apologize for any inconvenience. so no horse"
"to fix the new 'show similar posts',go to your profile, click the button below ""share"" and then click on settings and then in the 'stories posted by friends' section simply uncheck the ""combine posts"" box. that's all there is to it. the posts will come back like they used to be. pass it on since what you have done affects your posts only so it may take a while for all to uncheck their box"
happy easter to my family and facebook friends.  may your day be kind and peacefull ........:)
"god bless our men and women in the military.now and in the past.god bless there families and keep them strong"
"life is too short to wake up with regrets. ? so love the people who treat you right. ? forget about the ones who don't. believe everything happens for a reason. if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands. if it changes your life, let it. nobody said life would be easy; they just ...promised it would be worth it. (post to your wall if you agree:)!!!"
i only need 4 nails to compleat the baby barn. if you can help out that would be great.if you need anything please post and i will send to you. thank you so much <propfemale>
"mafia family appreciation day ! if you appreciate your mafia friends for all their help & moral support they give you, then let them know by posting this on your wall. i truly do appreciate my friends ... without them this wouldn't be nearly as much fun. i have a great mafia family thank you all -- you are the best!  (thanks kora-lyn-girlfriend) you have made it a lot of fun as well as all my mafis friends ."
thanks to all that help out on the co-op. great team work
i have been trying to send gifts but none of my neighbors names are listed. is this a mess up or what????
"sensitive and conscientious ones.... you are the vital conscience the world desperately needs!you are a key to balancing the greater world of humanity toward humility and compassion in this way. thus try to consider that your sensitivity is purposeful and needed in a world, without which, the world would be void of compassion and consideration."
thank you to my great neighbors for helping build my baby barn. if you still need stuff  for your barn please gift to me if you can and i will send back to you. i don't mind at all. or just post what you need and i will try my best to help you all out.  again thank you for all the help i have the best neighbors.
"let tears take out all the agony that is hidden inside you, and let laughter ignite your contagious joy."
good night all  and peace be with you
good night  and my peace be with you :)
good night. may peace be with you.
"memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it. put this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer. many won't copyand paste. i did. will you? show love to those who are in the fight and...their family."
"i loved you the minute i heard your heartbeat. i loved you the minute you were born; then i saw your face and fell in love some more. you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would. when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around....outside of your body. put this on your status if you have children you love more than life."
please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer. ? my ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found. ? will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ?
"cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt. i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do. in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour ? miss you <propfirst> :(  sorry for anyone's lost due to cancer. my sweet husband has been fighting cancer for a long time and every day every minute  he is still here is a blessing."
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n !i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !i grew up reciting this every morning in school. we no longer do that for...fear... of offending someone !! let's see how many am......ericans will re-post this & not care about offending someone !!see more"
<propfemale> christmas to all my family and friends. may god bless you and your.
