580
0846a688fabc9c78c9bef2d0787ad5c8
39
+
im sooooooooo bored!!!
these quizzes r addicting
happy thanksgiving!
<propfemale> christmas and happy new year!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!
would you rather destroy twihards or find <propmale>??
"if <propmale> hanks was a boat, he'd be <propmale> cruise."
"........ oh right. i never did say yes. forgot about that part, didnt you?"
:p
"life is like a penis. its short, but it seems so long when it gets hard ;)"
"there are 4 things i'm not good at: faces, names, and <propfirst>."
"believe that person when they show you who they are, not when they tell you what they're about......."
"pretty good march 5, considering it's significance :)"
peru...... boredom.
home finally :) definitely don't mind spending a day in miami :)
eccedentesiast. there are enough people who fake smiles for there to be an actual word for it.
<propfirst> vanderender is the best and i loove him
im a lesbian and i think <propfirst> vanderende is the fucking best
thx <propmale> :p it's very much appreciated :)
would you try a burger with donuts for the bun?? only in <propfemale> would they eat that with a diet pepsi
new phone!! text your name 905 550 6927
realized: the tooth <propfemale> encourages us to sell our bodies.
i miss you so much already <3
2 days left. cant wait <3
toniiiight <3
remember: having the mondays is still better than having crabs.
beiber nail polish? wtf is wrong with us?
"in texas, there are no laws. there are only <propmale> <propmale>' rules."
"<propmale> brothers, then <propfirst> beiber, then <propfemale> black. 2012 must really be the end."
"if you watch bin laden's life backwards, it's about an ocean zombie who builds skyscrapers out of airplanes."
marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.
there are 3 types of people in the world : the ones who can count and the ones who cant.
why do they say opposites attract even tho people break up because of their differences?
maybe ufos aren't aliens...... maybe they're future humans who managed to create a time machine.....
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
"when you decode your own dream and it turns out to have some strong message, you feel psychic. this is fact."
"fuck, my mouth hurts....."
anyone know what time everyone gets back from wonderland?
"if i was in a room with <propfirst> beiber, bin laden, hitler, and a gun with 2 bullets, i'd shoot beiber twice."
"twilight is like soccer. they run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and it's billion fans insist you just don't understand."
i hate when people say to drink lots of fluids. what else would i drink? solids? ionized gasses?
"""slutface"" ""my face is not a slut, my vagina is. oh wait nvm, my mouth is too."" interesting...."
what number confuses stupid people? 82
lets see if this actually works.... ;;) me gusta.
=d>
"if nothing is impossible, is impossibility possible?"
realized: the human race kills people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
"""i'm positive i'm missing an electron....."" that's what taking chem in summer school does to your brain. keep an ion that."
"dear horton, does it go for penis's too? a penis's a penis, no matter how small....."
"if you try to fail and succeed, which one gave you done?"
your wall on g+ is heretofore called your g spot. people who won't add you into circles are called circle jerks.
stop saying you just had a newborn baby. the newborn part is assumed. no one thinks you just pushed a 12 year old out of your snatch.
done with school ! now summer can actually start :)
"if life gives you lemons you make lemonade, so if life gives you gators can you make gatorade?"
am i the only one who falls asleep after having caffeine?
"if watermelons are full of water, what are kumquats full of?"
if she still writes like this shes too young for you bro.
boston pizza!! :d
only 12% of people can solve this in 30 seconds. write the opposite of each word: 1. always 2. coming 3. from 4. take 5. me 6. down :)
"""i feel really bad for tampons. they visit the best place on earth, but only during renovations."" random guy walking by my house....."
"oxygen hydrogen sodium sodium, what's my name?"
"no woman will ever be fully satisfied with any man, because no man has a 15 inch chocolate penis that shoots money. sorry guys."
"twinkle twinkle little slut, you like <propmale> inside your butt. sliding in the hole so high, feeling good you can't deny? twinkle twinkle little slut, you like <propmale> inside your butt."
"""needles are for sewing, not for putting into people!!"" cala a-f"
never. again. ever.
twilight or <propmale> potter?
its not easy to get close to anyone. everyones afraid of everybody else...... maybe because were all afraid of ourselves.
was hacked by <propfirst>!!!!! muhahahahahahahahaha!!!!! <3
apparently my new nickname is the partier....... lol monisha pathak :)
damn phones broke dont text
"""flight attendants are..... overpaid vending machines."" oh google (:"
why do people say life is short when its the longest thing anyone ever experiences??
"""but lollipops are junkfood!! omg, chocolate pudding!!!!"" cala alfonso-francis this is why we love you <33"
"say no to drugs, because if the drugs are talking to you, youve probably had enough."
trees hate me :(
ice cream!!!
wtf there was an earthquake??
happy ninja day!
-__-
christmas music has gotta be the most annoying thing......... but <propfemale> christmas anyways :)
"i havent texted you back in months, ive never replied to your inboxes, and i blocked you on msn. im not gonna fuck you. when are you going to give up??"
h a p p y h a l l o w e e n !
all i want for christmas is you <33
"one good thing about coughing, it gives you abs :("
its quicker to count the things that aint wrong with you than to count the things that are.....
....
"you can ask me any three questions you want, but only inbox(: and i'll answer no matter what. put this as your status and see how many you get :p"
sick :(
"today, i ran into a door. it was open."
"type your name:megan rogerswith your elbow:,mdehgswnj tfrolhgretrfdsdwith your nose:kj34tywqn rogersewith your eyes closed:megan rogetrsput this as your status and dont erase mistakes and put your name not mine!"
gahhh
"""if i cant run, i want to scream. i want to scream,but i cant find my voice, hidden somewhere in the indigo sea that has swamped my brain. blue. blue. deep dark blue. the blue that fills me with <propfemale>, the <propfemale> to find a small, sharp blade and watch the blood run, red.""- <propfemale> hopkins"
wow
<propfemale> krumma is a pyromaniac :)
hair smells like fire......
<propfirst>'s bitchy friend texting me lol :)
"""the earth is big!!!!"" xd"
<propfemale> krumma you make my life :)
"when a smurf is choking, what colour does it turn??"
"""he goes to church?!?!?!?!"""
hmmm.........
"""mr.mccallum, i think <propfemale> has problems. shes been laughing for 20 minutes straight."""
is bored to death
"dad, no one cares if you dont like my clothes. shut your face."
my bestest friend in the whole entire world is sky-la peterpan marr !!! :d<3
cala alfonso-francis sky-la peterpan marr teagan a-f i like pigs :)
really wants to try chocolate covered bacon now........
"""thats how you show love in my family. we throw balloons at each other."" gotta love 60 year old guys who made magic and balloon animals into a career."
<propfemale> -__- dont text
omfg its magical :)
thanks for hacking me sky-la peterpan marr <3
rip <propmale> <3
single liiiife <3 <3
its way too hot outside :(
why you like the way regrets taste??
how could they remember something... that theyve been forced to forget??? loooool the fourth kind (: cala alfonso-francis <propfemale> krumma teagan a-f dont get abducted by aliens xd
buskerfest w/ cala alfonso-francis sky-la peterpan marr and teagan a-f was goood <3
is failing english
dont take shit from no one.
september......... thats depressing.
fuck
"cows, horses, and windmills. what state am i in??"
my life has been made xd
"cala alfonso-francis , shooting arrows in a floor length white skirt is not smart....."
"i dont give a damn what you think, im doing this for me........."
why did the condom fly across the room?
im fucking going crazy.
whitewater rafting with cala alfonso-francis and teagan a-f :p
:)
"dear society, how have you managed to make girls feel bad for being virgins and for losing their virginity? sincerely, what doyou want from us?"
happy condom day!
"2nd sem:english- lundysci-radovichistory-lyonscom tech-vandendool"
ninjas or pirates??
vampires suck was amazing xd <propfemale> mangos
"""laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired."" best fortune cookie ever."
"""isnt march 3rd in february this year?"" whoever that was, you fail. like, epically."
just found out february 14 is national condom day xd
m&m= <propfirst> mathers. just realized.
got a fucking knee brace.......
"exam week, im so looking forward to you."
"just realized that the main chip company in england is walkers, but in <propfemale> its lays...."
happy birthday proof. rest in peace <3
trick or treating was siick :p
"just gonna stand there and watch me roar, but thats alright cause im a dinosaur :p just gonna stand there and eat you alive, but thats alright cause im a carnivore inside xd"
got a fucking knee brace.......
"""why does this train stop at every station!!!"" ""..........because thats what trains do......."" <propfemale> krumma cala alfonso-francis pinja a-f"
"looking happy and being happy are not the same thing. open your eyes, you just might save a life."
potato
"on this status: smash head into keyboard, post results xp"
happy new year i guess. why is it such a big deal??
"im not creepy, your just retarded."
new msn add megan-rogers1@hotmail.com :)
how do the people in a bubble wrap factory not pop the bubble wrap?
caramel coffee werthers originals actually taste like coffee.......
*insert thoughts*
so pissed i'm shaking....
"3 blondes, eating ice cream cones. ones sucking on hers, ones biting, and ones licking. which ones married??"
"it's not about the length, it's about the special characters ;)"
