497
d2e6d4c09985aa3eab632c6e592a7c99
24
-
im back!!! well at least for now lolxxxhi to all friendsxxx
"ive been ill for a few days,got worse yesterday! ive got ruddy swine flu and its retchedxx"
"im on tamiflu,feel like eating the packet...xxx"
watching celeb bb and thinking <propmale> is kinda lovely...hope i am not losing me marbles lol
"one down,just me 2 go..........2 sleep lol"
"feeling cool,and gonna make sure this year i keep regular contact with me ole matesxxps cath and batty im down yr way end of month so look out ! lol"
"<propfemale> could easily shot the dog at the mo,he crying and whinging like a big baby..."
had a great day with me boooxxty xxhunnyxx
"just going to put her new black satin bedding on,and climb in yummy lolxx"
god dam we cant sleep! so were playing silly buggers on facebook lol
"finaly got some kip,but at 5am! so only just got up grr day  gone"
"just got hubby a facebook account,watch out all lol"
"am enjoying a lovely evening off,yeyxx"
"just got home after nipping out 4 fish and chips,and in shock as pranged me brand new car ooops,we r fine,just shook up,doh,first prang since ive passedc me test so not bad in years i guessxx who put that brick wall there i ask!!!lol"
off to bed and carless sobxx
"well they say it happens in 3s bad luck that is,and although everyone said i came across well,im feeling a wee bit downxxjust had loadsa texts <propmale> all,<propmale> 4 yr lovely compliments abt how good i look  now to <propfemale> that was filmedxxlove ya allxx"
playing on her ds lol
"getting so nervous i could throw up,tonights the night bbc2 9pm horizon,all those who know me,know im self concious,so friends pls note,this was filmed 8 months ago <propfemale> i was at my worst,since then my weight dropped 2 sizes,and my teeth and hair done lmaoxxx"
having a real chilled evening.......im sat in fridge lol
counting the days til im down in <propmale>.......
11 days tol im in my home town yeyeyeyeyeyeyxxxxx
"omg only 10am and ive,got kids up,got <propfemale> ds breaky 4 em,took them and dog up park! phew.....and worse of all me car not going to be back 4 <propmale>! so we are now  14 days till we come down booooooooxxxxroll on 16th!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrxxxbetter late than never ehxxx"
cant sleep again! how many more nights before i can officialy call myself an in somo maniac!!!
sincere forgiveness isn't colored with expectations that the other person apologize or change. don't worry whether or not they finally understand you. love them and release them. life feeds back truth to people in its own way and time.
if it snows im killing snowmen 4 revenge
"omg im aching all over,bloody health! need a good doctor and some real tlc"
"in less than 24hrs <propfirst> will see batman,and in less then 72hrs down there will meet up here,or is it up there gonna meet down here lmaoxxxxxx"
4 days and counting yippppeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee xxxxxxxxxx
"is in deep thought about her futurexxxxxty to all my beautiful family and friends,this week made me realise,just how much i need you allxxxxxxxxxx"
cant sleep>>>wont sleep>>>grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"got the cold bug! sob sob,ache all overxxx"
yey im coming home in september xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"is feeling a wee bit better,bear with me all,be bk on top tomorrowxxx"
"im not having much luck,thought i was over the cold!!! tissues and vicks galore this endxxx"
thought it was time she wasnt camera shy and updated her profile pic to a current took today photoxxx
"hasnt worked spiritualy for a while now,so if any one of you would like a free reading,just ask and ill book you inxxxxxxx"
a few more days and i see you all--------god im wetting myself lmao
"if any one can find any energy,pass it this way xxx"
"yippeee,just a teensy winsy bit betterxxbut not sayingit too much,incasei tempt fatexx"
"oh dear,got up and bruised and battered,guess the bread bin felt it too <propfemale> we slipped over yesterday...ouch xx"
"how much more can go wrong eh,why cant i just have simple flu! nah this gal goes the whole hog,and allows the virus to attack her lymph nodes and immune symstem! g8!doc said i may come out in shingles!xxlovelyxxright any good news welcome lmaoxx"
"soz i havnt been around,busy busy busy,see ya all tomzxxxxx"
"omg,is it only 8.30,weve been out done shopping,come home starting housework! ill be feet up by 11.00...................and snoring lol...ty becksxxxxx"
"i will love like i never loved before,i will keep on trying harder,i will be devoted and loyal,and cook food from the larder,in the end i can truly say. i was the best i could be,i can hold my head up high..for it wouldnt have been through me! xxxxxxxxxxxxx"
"well got 3 hrs <propmale> in the  end, after 48hrs of none,is extremely unwell with this severe cold,and in desperate need of someone feeling sorry 4 me lolxxx"
"is sick and tierd of feeling sick and tierd,and letting ppl down whom she cares 4!!!xxxplz health come bk soonxxx"
"managed to get out today,first time in 6 days,but only lasted a few hrs,now back and shattered! why do colds take it out of you!"
"knakered and feeling like i will sleep tonight yippee,another night of relaxing,yeaxxx"
nitey nitey  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"is pleased that finally i have true support from the medical field,they have given me my life back,but most of all the <propmale> to finally live a long happy one with my husband and gawgus childrenxxxxxits a long road ahead,but one that every step i make on it,will be a positivexxxxty to my family and friends for there unconditional love and supportxxxlove u allxxxx"
up 2 early! must ave pooped me bed!
yawn...coffee and ten cigs 2 get goin lol
"wow day gone already,guess reading 4 books in a week,has made time fly! now where was i....ah thats it <propfemale> 371..."
"made a lovely change to go out last night,was a great time and above all else caught up with familyxxxx"
offf out with the boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooby ddddddddooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo today lolxxx
"stuffin a huge big brekie,with the beck,ne one want our sausages or tomatoes?"
omg dentist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ouuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccchy!xxxx
"dentist was grrrrrrr,another op on the horizon,phew....another good day with the boooooby doooo,tyxxxx"
self inflicted state of awfullness today lol
"oh i love this weather,bbq meat and salad again.yum...down scooby!"
my very big girl is currently driving her little ole self  200+ <propmale> to be with her mummyxxxxxwell done zoexxx
"woke up 2 a lovely cuppa.....ty zoe,love youxxxxxxxxx"
"such a wonderful feeling being a mum,but the worst thing is letting them go..oh yes i love em enuff to do so,but counting the days till we see her again...a breakthro was needed,by christ i have had so much fun these past few days,and thank the lord for my girlxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
happy! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"is snuggled up on sofa with the doo,blissfully content with a magical and hysterical few days camping in cornwall.........achieved so much,and feel on cloud 9"
"busy busy busy day....but oh how nice it was to see my lovely niece,blooming at 27 weeks expecting and looking so radiant...oh and the guinea pigs,rats and <propfirst> lmao"
"off tomorrow yippeee,if i dont get round to you all i'll apologise now,just got <propfemale> much too do guys,but be down as usual b4 xmas so catch u then if i dont nowxxxc u all <propfemale>nxx"
"got headache from study,so going to go out have a browse around town,and get a bite 2 eat with hubs....."
"my dearest friends,who know me,know im suffering and very ill,i <propmale> 4 yr love & faith in me.howeva 2day agen i got malicious report,and will soon b goin in to defend my side again!!  ppl & i know who! makin sum stupid allegations 2 mke my life unbearable, well im innocent once agen,,but u hav to live with yrselfs!!!hpe yr as happy as i amxall those who believe ppl waisting goverment resources should b <propmale> sign below!"
back to course-work
i wil i will i will.............change 4 the better lolxxx
dont matter what u do sometimes some dont see it....give give fucking give all the time!!!..........its stops today!!!
"just 2 weeks until im on hol in kent,cant wait to see u allxxxxx"
"<propmale> ,so proud of you and how u did today! everyone luvs u,and im the lucky one as im yr mum,love u sonxxxxx"
hi and lots of love to you allxxxxxhello all my new fishy neighboursxxxand a big big hello and hugs to my family with whom we just made contact with after all those yearsxxx
"finaly back online,ty 2 all those that sent me birthday wishesxx"
"life they say can be cruel...but hey <propfemale> its good you make the most of that,if you have to box it up,and keep in reserve...4 <propfemale> the bar stewards get ya down xxxx"
"attention !!!!!!!!!! do not join the group  currently on facebook with the title ""becoming a father or mother was  the greatest gift of my life"". this is a group created by pedophiles  whose aim is to access your photos! please copy & paste this to your  status before people start using your picture.... please all parents ..."
thankyou to all those helping me with fishville neighbours....have send u all neighbour requests xxxx
"trick or treat, smell my feet,im making a ghost out of an ole bed sheetxxxxxxx"
"please get well soon,my big brother mxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
"happy easter 2 u all,have a great weekend and watch the chocolate lolxxxx"
"my poor little becs is so unwell,first a cold virus,then she gets badly sunburnt suffers severe blistering and heat exhaustion,then as she got up wobbly this after,she slips and falls hard on our laminate flooring...get well poppet,they say things happen in threes,so lets hope its all up from now on ehxxxlove u,big big hugsxxxx"
omg omg omg bored bored bored f-ing bored!!! role on tomz when i take bec out for a mummy dawter day yeyeyeyy steak ere i come xx
"why when u feel so helpless,theres someone there to make u feel shit! |god i miss home!!!!xxxxx"
xfactor has become a joke!!! bloody hell the talent competitions at butlins etc are fairer!!!
"thinking where u all gone? or is it,where have i been? lol"
"another day another dollar,another day i will holler,waking up in the morn so hard to do,wouldnt it be nice not to have an appoitment due,before i know it,its time for tea,even the dog will start shouting at me,next thing i know its time for bed,oh shit oh hell,i forgot to ring <propfirst>! counting sheep,one two three,no time 4 good ole silly me!"
back home just over 2 hrs ago after week in cornwall with mum in law and hubbyxxx
finally got a washing machine.............yeyeyeyeyexx
is having a deep thoughts day xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
nice to be home again with my lovely kiddsxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"relaxing,low light,glass of wine,and playing the <propmale> gilmore concert,which is awesome"
"fed up with struggling in life,like most i guess wish some fortune would come my way so we can just have some peace for a day or 2,3 failed hols,always broke,would love to know the lottery <propfirst> think id choke,won on bingo,6 pound,wow oh wow,couldnt it been that grand.perhaps i want too much,but if any one knows  the pools 4 next week let me know xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
"my eldest dawter decided to cut me and kids out of her life,because i was upset about mothers day being forgotten by her,yes it doesnt make sense eh! however hurt i am,i realise ive fought for her love for now 19 yrs,and got no fite left! my other 2 say im a great mum,so that keeps me smilingxxxx"
a very happy easter to all my lovely friends and familyxxxx
"welcome all the gray familyxxxthankyou <propfirst> for all your info,and <propfemale> for the pic with loads of commentsxxxlove to u allxxxx"
"if any one can also comment on what made them choose there dog i would be grateful, certainly helps me research for my articlexxxtyxx"
what a fine beautiful day it is here in <propfirst> todayxxx
"has just starting her writting course,to be a writter,woop woop"
is still very shattered spending most days asleep or awake like a zombie...whats wromg with the ole girl lol
"ouch ouch bloody ouch,jo has another drama guys,in accident and emergency 4 o clock this morning with a huge severe painful knee! oh my oh my im keeping the nhs busy! lmaoxxx"
"do we truly really know who we are,what we want,or do we keep on searching?r we truly spiritualy happy or do we just think we are...life eh,goes so fast,and just as we have the answer we are probably too old to enjoy it loltxx"
theres a dirty creep from the past sniffing around again guys!!! can u smell him...the dirty rat!!
"omg its saturday already,sitting down nursing my knee again in front of the tely,theres not a lot on,just the same old crap,however i gotta watch talent and give a clap,so i will sit ere with my curry and rice,its nice to see u,nice lol"
"rock on ben,his cooking 2nite,chillie yumxxxx"
sometimes you have to take the deepest biggest breath you can and go for it!xx
"a wee bit better now they realise it wasnt all me,just 4 weeks 2 prove it,what they say...make or breakxxty guys 4 all yr supportxxlove ya allxx"
says... life throws so many storms your way and makes the dust fly! but it's who's still by your side once everything settles that matters the most!
"just like to say how proud of my kids i am,they have seen me through thick and thin and still they do so well in there lifes,loves ya beck and <propmale> always,three muskateers 4everxxxxx"
"has decided to book in at the hairdressers for a radical hair makeover,gonna go the <propfemale> osbourne style,fed up with frizzy locksxx"
well cant sleep so up like the lark! bet im back 2 bed in a few hrs lolxx
bloody money!!!!!its the root of all evil!!
time to make the ole gal shinexxx
is fucked completely shattered
"hi all, i am writing about dogs at the mo..im hoping it will be published in a relevant doggy mag....any dog walkers who do it for others or as a living out there want me to include them? if so pls message me.....tyxx"
omg yey im back onlinexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"ive done it i had 4 inches cut off,and it was not in the slighest bit uncomfortable lol....wow a day at the salon was blissxxx"
"(^-^)(^_^)(^_-)(<3)i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=znzfb008_grfox000"
"watching dog the bounty <propmale> to get her daily dose of <propmale> <propfirst> dogs son,omg any lookalikes this way please lol"
"wants to look forward to feeling better,makes u wonder if the meds docs give you infact do really help at allxxxx"
"is bearing up,and thinking hard about her life right now..ben becks steven....love ya allxxxxx"
"bloody banks are a pain in the arse,4 the second time in a few weeks there essential maintanence means our money not paid in til monday,i bet the large <propmale> companys had there banking done,whilst the rest of us struggle!!!sack em,dont go to alliance and leicester guys!!"
"is so unwell ,tierd, and not with it,just wanna tuck up and drift away xxx"
"annoyed at those who say they can help but then dont,at those whos in a position to make yr kids lifes easier and dont....i guess its just us 3 muskateers againxxxx"
just sending out my niece and nephew my thoughts and hugsxxxyr on my mindxxx
"is bloody hot and sweaty,need a cool shower............"
needs to raise cash cash cash asapxxxxne donations welcome lmaoxx
improving....slow but surexxx
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood. the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th. join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same48 minutes ago"
is looking forward to time with her fav niece thursdayxxxxx
"silly <propfirst> me, oh my oh my am i too much off a softy lol xxxxxx"
"ive lost myself..can anyone tel me who i am,what is the nicest thing about me,and am i scary? <propmale> xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
is no better and now raging back pain...but hubby giving me lots of tlc so what could be beterxxxx
"is wondering if a tortoise loses its shell,is it naked or homeless? lol"
wants to thank my gawgus hubby 4 all his tlcxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"ne one seriously wants to buy a nearly new xbox elite,with world at war and 2 other games,a controler and internet cable for 100.00 ono say now! im selling to another at 1pm but rather friends or family have it at the above price b4,text or message me if u do...................xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
whos leaving biggys house?
"is knakered hot and bothered,so up the wooden hill for me soonxxx"
"“it takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them, more strength to relate to people than to dominate them, more 'manhood' to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex. toughness is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles and an immature mind.”"
my brain what i have got off it is freezing up! lol
feeling incredibly shit ............. grrrrrrrrrrrr lolxxx
feeling betterxx
"just ate a whole pot of <propmale> and jerrys fairly nuts,and now feel sick ! lol"
is tierd but being taking out for a romantic drive by the sea by her hubby.....yeyxxx
"correction,has started her course to be a published writer! wooo hooo lol xx"
"any dog owners on my friends list? i am a writer,and currently covering a story,please could you help me,and comment on the following: what one thing would you say you love about taking your dog for a walk??? <propmale> allxxxxx"
still plenty to be done and yet so bored bored bored
omg cant sleep wont sleep............
hey im up early shock horror!
"off to pics soon to watch  paranormal 2, with my gawgus dawter becks and her lovely other half steven,heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllp lolxxxx"
feel as slow as a bloody slug todayxxx
has had a lovely weekend
is looking 4ward 2 her hols in august and muse concert in september yipppeeeexxx
"there is nothing as good as catching up with yr rootsxxxxxwelcome my lost family,we r huge arnt we lolxxxxx"
"hi to all my fb friends and familyxxxhavnt had time to be on much lately,but will do soonxx"
"on next leg of study, phew got a long way to go...................."
is trying as many fb games as i can lol
"talk about the hare and the tortoise,i wanna be the hare!!!"
"ouch everything hurts today,need a new pair of legs,any one offering lolxx"
"feels like  doing something absolutely crazy, mad,mind blowingly stupid...."
"studying real hard at the mo,its all write write write......."
this time next week i would have landed back to my roots yeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyxxxxx
2 more full days left to go yeyeyeyeyeyeyyexxxx
my daughter passed her driving test todyxxxwell done zoexx
"muse friday omg yey,hope im well enuff"
the joys of marriage!
"muse was brill,although should had realised me health wouldnt hold up sob sobxx"
"people are like stained glass windows: they <propfemale> and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within."
got a few busy days ahead with becksxxxxxx
"back too early from our break,so many illnesses,and me very unwell,so climbed in me bed all day todayxxxxso sorry all those i was meant 2 c and couldntxxlove 2 u allxx"
"the truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. for it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. ~      m. <propfirst> peck"
cant bluddy sleep
is wondering what an earth is going on in her life at the mo...phew!
"i will try my best to keep my kids from liars, fakes, and people who don't deserve to be in their lives. especially if they choose to not want to be in theirs"
"needing loads of inspiration now,to make huge changes in her life that will take all the strength i can get outta a very weak mind and bodyxxxxxxxxx"
"<propmale> that con carne was gawgus,blooody blew our heads off tho,next time dont put all the seeds in this time lolxxxx"
"just love my kids so much,and my hubby,u ave all been so supportive and given me my strength lately,am happy,wowxxxxx"
"trick or treat, smell my feet,im making a ghost out of an ole bed sheetxxxxxxx"
"“don't wish me happiness-i don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor-i will need them all.”    <propfemale> morrow lindbergh quotes"
<propmale> yr song made me cry! bloody brilliant
roll on next week!!!
trick or treat!!!!!xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"horny bfrnd was helpin his gfrnd type in a password 4 her comp, type in mypenis, grfrnd fell over laughin when pc said, not long enough lol"
"i would love a regular job :)i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=znzfb008_grfox000"
"2010 is just a bruise. 2011 will be the healing, 2012 will be the strength. 2013 will be unbreakable."
"<propmale> u made mums world tonight,ty 4 all what u done 4 me,yr a no1 young man,and a true starxxxloves ya loads <propfemale> bunxxx"
"i love 2 smile & hate to cry.. i speak my mind & never follow behind.. i love deep & speak truthfully...this is me, and i'm proud of who i am!"
"is slowly getting back on top,xxxxxxxx"
"happy new year to you all, still cred on mob but will get round to you all soon xx"
is so very very poorly at the moxxx
"would love to wish all my family on facebook a happy christmasxxxto my friends i love youxxxand to my dearest children,love u like i love the universe,have a great xmas all and happy new yearxxxx"
"<propfemale> may halsey born  09 01 is 16 today, love u darlingxxxx"
what a night and morning! thanku to my hubby and kids 4 seeing me throxxxlove ya allxxxxx
"is retracting her last staus messages,as it appears it has caused offence!!!and over-reactions,which i understand,but however does not appreciate being bullied or shouted at!!!"
"please all cross fingers that my much needed treatmet comes through! 10 days in hospital gonna be tough,but at least i will have a life to look forward tooxxxi love u my familyxxxi love you my precious 3 childrenxxx"
"hi all,not ignoring u all,just got crazy things going on in life at the mo,and really fighting to change my life this year,so many demons must be laid to rest,so many things to concentrate on,so if im not around,im still thinking of u allxx"
"some ppl get the message,some ppl dont,yr one of em <propmale> oakford! now pee of  stalking me u lil dwaf and get on with yr own very sad life!"
"still rough,but ho humxxxhi everyone,just uploaded some pics and videosxx"
