433
880df2e377e9b8612b5fd08eca1880f7
27
-
"was quite perturbed by the graffiti he saw in the ucl library today: ""the best study area in ucl!! we got busted making love here.  wish it had a plug socket and a coffee machine..."""
"just saw the best dido and aeneas concert ever... and thinks he is in love with <propfemale> summers :).... and... it was free... free... free!!!! <propmale> arts florissantes are amazing.  <propfemale> summers was amazing as the sorceress.  <propfemale> was amazing.  everything was amazing.  and free! the barbican, hideous concrete monstrosity though it is, is amazing!"
is feeling crushingly homesick and lonely :'( how annoying.
"is filled with mirth after suddenly seeing ""veiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"" appear as a <propmale> subject in his reading..."
"has a presentation to do on assyrian propaganda.  the last presentation he had to do turned into ""herring gulls""..."
advantages of dual monitors: have word and jstor open at the same time without suffering murderous eyestrain disadvantages of dual monitors: have facebook and youtube open at the same time to procrastinate twice as efficiently
"wanted to read professor hornblower's ""mausolus"" tonight, that he might attack his essay tomorrow with confidence and brilliance.  but instead, he's wasted his time on facebook. crap."
"just tried to walk to the library.  instead he appears to have fallen into a metaphorical swimming pool.  damn.  time to stay in, sip tea, and read about mad pastry women it seems..."
one month till christmas!!!!!
"**needs** to finish this essay by tonight, if only to get rid of imaginary mausolus, and the three imaginary artaxerxes glaring at him.  although, artaxerxes iv arses has a funny name.  haha, arses.  yes.  i'm going slowly insane."
"is in tears of confusion and despair after visiting the senate house library.  why did i go there, why, why?!"
is aghast that perseus is not working.... he is physically unable to reach the arrian in the library :( :( :(
"doesn't want imaginary bagoas the insane eunuch grand vizier to poison him.  damn you, imaginary <propmale> iii co-codamol, for running away, otherwise he could have poisoned *you* instead.  will i reach the end of my essay before i am imaginarily poisoned ???"
"finished his essay.  total editing time = 952 minutes.  at least the imaginary artaxerxes, the imaginary hecatomnids, and the imaginary insane bagoas are gone.... for now..... *zombie eyes*"
"faith in the world has been restored.  a car just drove past, music blaring loudly.  the music being... romantic opera!!!! m"
"is disturbed that the first thing he remembered when he woke up was xerxes.  but not *normal* xerxes.  insane, androgynous, <propfemale>, bling-laden xerxes, with a voice 2 octaves below normal humanity!  argh."
is disappointed that he could not find the stone ducks of assyria in the british museum....
"is seized by a bizarre <propfemale> to set up a band called ""the cursive hieroglyphs"""
should have realised that leaving breakfast until 5:00pm was bound to make him feel queasy.  especially when said breakfast was a great big slice of chocolate cake.  bleurgh.
"thank you facebook. ""400 bad request. method not implemented. this method is invalid"". it's not condescending!!!"
"""men.  women.  children.  waterfowl.  none could elude the meticulous power of the persian <propmale>."""
"is feeling tired and bored, and wants the never-ending cuneiform signs to leave him alone!"
"needs to do this bloody journal article review.  on the one hand he has ""the revival of historical narrative"".  on the other, he has ""<propmale> carnivaux des animaux - the musical monkeys of the ancient near east"".  which should he pick...?"
"""midway along the journey of our life, i woke to find myself in a dark wood, for i had strayed from the straight path..."""
doesn't want cadbury's to be hostilely taken over :(
now has three different student cards.  bizarre.
wants to burn everyone and everything related to concepts and categories for their heinous liar-article he has wasted a stupid amount of time reading.  argh argh argh
wants to know what a coachful of army youth armed with machine guns was doing on his street last night... and whether the parading demonstration of jeering youth this morning had anything to do with it...
is pretty much convinced by the book in the library that states sumerian civilisation is the product of the alien lizard people....... it *is* the only explanation for the flying animals after all...
"ooooooooh, ""the archaeomusicology of the ancient near east"" - music + assyria = bwahahahahahahaha......."
is devastated cadbury has been acquired by evil interlopers :(
thinks the calypso song of death is one of the most bizarrely brilliant things he's ever seen in a play
"was amused by riet <propfirst> bremen's insistence that we ""save the ladybird! save the ladybird!!  the ladybird mustn't be killed!"""
"wonders if the <propmale>s of assyria would appreciate into the woods...... ""for i am the <propmale>, the great <propmale>, the potent <propmale>, the mighty <propmale>, the <propmale> of the world, the <propmale> of assyria, and i went, i went there, i went into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods, into the woods........"""
"overheard people on the street talking about ""satraps"".  he saw a phone advertisement, praising the ""wide range of satr-apps"" available.   or maybe he didn't actually see these things, and his essay is driving him mad."
"ahh the joys of introductory akkadian : tutor - ""beware of getting mutum and m?tum mixed up.  one means husband, the other means death.""  student - ""they're both the same, aren't they ?"""
i have boredom....  essays?  now i have...... fury!
actually really enjoyed 'wicked' last night.  this cannot be a good thing...
just back from filming with <propfirst> fry for his new tv series !
just put his laptop in the fridge for 10 minutes after it overheated and crashed during essay writing.  this is not normal behaviour.  eep.
"has just rediscovered the ridiculously audacious hilarity of <propfirst> jenkins' hip-hop dies irae... ""lol"" is probably an appropriate acronym to employ here.."
"facebook suddenly has a whole new meaning post-hellenistic world essay.... hmm... would friend requests from antiochos be all the rage amongst the macedonian elite ? would seleukos change his profile picture to exaggerate his alexander-inspired features??  would there be inane fan pages ""95% of babylonians couldn't see the persian influence in the  architecture of the palace at ai-khanoum lol!1""???  the mind boggles."
"has fury, in the last moments of the finale of the finale, when relief leads to negligence that begets rashness...that is when the comeback that faltered comes back and beats your pathetic comeback that i scoff at!"
history revision (and history in general) just isn't the same without copious amounts of haribo ...
"really thinks there should be more hollywood blockbuster movies with mesopotamia in them.  ""babylonians in space"" or ""a connecticut yankee in <propmale> ashurbanipal's court"", anyone ?"
is on the tv show.... the tv show of your tears!!
is anyone interested in seeing the national in london (brixton academy) on tuesday 30th november ?
oh no.
awesome week with the national and arcade fire <3 -  anyone interested in seeing interpol at the utu academy in brixton on wednesday ? (8th)
best of luck to everyone out protesting against the education cuts and tuition fee rise today!
really wishes he'd done music instead... aaaaargh !
"wow i just got a call from my landlord saying that my 'flatmate' hasn't being paying his rent share, so they're taking *me* to court on the 17th may to recover £8,100 of unpaid rent, and i get a ccj on my credit rating for six years. worst fucking year ever."
