628
9e17e6c19c1d34ef60a512e949f57381
41
+
is gonna miss him and is looking forward to his return
i have a cell phone!
ik hou <propfirst> je met heel mijn hart en ziel
oh well you just live with what life gives you...i guess =/
*sighs*it never gets old
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i wanna scream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...wait i am screaming...i wanna scream in real life...i cant freakin handle it anymore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel so much better now =)
happiest luckiest girl in the world...i  miss him...=(
he remembers me he really remembers me!*cries happy tears*
very proud of <propfirst> you did awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
trying to get better but a lot of my symptoms have gone away but a few of them are getting a little bit better but hey i got a week to see if im all better which i should.
i'm a senior! even tough its gonna be tough ill be strong and always reamember that even if my friends are far away they are always there with me<3
i posted my recent graphic <propmale> pictures if anyone wants to see =d
never thought id see the day that this would happen
its not functioning well right now so i don't know
"forgive me, evanescence and your guardian angel, red jumpsuit apparatus"
having a rough night..=/
kinda sad and lonely but other than that im ok i guess =/
this year is going by so fast that i can't believe it's already december. i guess hard work and dedication to your dreams and goals pays off which means over 5 months and ill be offically a graduate!
tryin to focus on my dreams...not easy...but i can do it
for some reason i'm kinda just not smiling these days and i dont know why that is...=/
goin to be a senior in 7 days :)
i will do whatever i can to surmount my dreams and live happily that my dreams will come true
"life is not who can be the best its about doing your best till its your time. ""if today was your last day"""
3.73...really close to geting 4 3.73 out of 367 ratings!!!!!!!!!
happy as can be now!
long day...long emotional day...but at least it didnt end like i thought it would...
why am i so sad to be a senior
be careful what you wish for...you never know if it will come true...=/
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????it's nieces' week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that youlove more than you can describe, copy and paste this to yourstatus for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!??????????????? ????? ?????????????????"
nervous to go back to school tomorrow...i wonder what this year is gonna be like for me...
trying to focus on the postive things rather than all that is happening lately...=/
well had a rough day had surgery and my life is so confusin these days oh well almost first semester
"hungry but can't do nothin about it...everytime i eat i feel like im gonna get sick...hopefully it doesnt last for very much time soond:"
learned so much there...so much to tell!
not doin any better...i have to get my tonsils removed...i hope i feel better when i get em out...anyways yeah it sucks
i just wish i'd get better and this will be treatable i hope...d=
4 more days and ill be 17 wow its going fast lol
...=(
my immortal (evanescence...fallen) thats how i feel right now or perfect and welcome to my life by simple plan...listen to them you'll figure it out...
i'm thankful to be blessed with all the people in my family (including friends) god has worked wonders in my life i am so thankful for everything he's done in my life. god doesn't make mistakes and how i know this is because i have the most wonderful family and no matter where they are far or near they will always have a special place in my heart!
feels horrible hope it goes away soon i hate being sick
so greatful and thankful for having such a supportive family consisting of family and friends encouraging me to keep fighting to not give up and live my dreams!
its my birthday today!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long. put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression. will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives. show your support.-(i should know i have it)"
4 more days till my interview i am extatic! =d
dreams do come true you just have to have the strength to keep fighting for them and the passion to accomplish them even when the journey gets rugged. just don't give up on the opprotunity to make a difference in the world and keep the faith that one day your aspirations will become reality.
totally cant wait till tomorrow cause its gettin closer every day that im gonna graduate!
having an freakin awesome day!
"""without you""-hinder"
happy im doin really good passin all my classes!
hoping that we can find my <propmale> folders...i cant find them anywhere....=(
i'm just a kid (simple plan)
had fun thanks for making my day better.=)
love isn't an emotion it is the way you show someone how much you care and will always be there for them to lend a loving heart and a helping hand and even from time to time a shoulder to cry on and a smile to brighten your day even through the diffiicult times.near or far they'll always be with you no matter where you are.
really nervous yet excited...
ill be back on sunday...=/
"wish the doctors did a scan for me instead of asumin what they think i have...anh oh wellill just have to live with it till i get one...i had another uber fantastic day"
3.69 stars almost 4 is really excited! out of 348 votes i cant wait to go to where i want to go in college!
feeling great nothin can steal my happiness tonight...but remembers there is a tomorrow and that starts a new day...its true especially when you have people who believe in you!
(keep holdin on)...i wont ever stop believing in you...i love you! <3 <3 <3
what are you supposed to do when you try to protect your heart when its about to explode because no matter how you try to mend it the people that got you through life is breakin you down...
completely bummed cause im not able to hangout with my best friend cause im sick :( was lookin forward to it...i hope i get better i really miss haning out with her
on cloud nine!
pensive...
wants to go on a walk but cant cause of my pulled muscle and the weather
it was nice while it lasted cant wait for christmas break!!!!!!!
<propmale> i dont know when you'll get this but thank you for fightin for justice and freedom for our country thank you for always bein my hero and now others will see you as one also i love you and miss you be safe and always know whether your near or far youll always be with me in my heart.
wishes i could do graphics right now...my pc isnt letting me...
"agrivated, frustrated, and confused as to why im getting worse cause i lost my voice..."
one of the hardest days of my life and its just gettin worse...but hopefully ill be ok soon i hope...t.t
live your life today as if you were to die tomorrow(thanks guys)
needs a friend...
happier than i've ever been in my whole entire life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!=d
needs a friend or someone to talk to my eyes are burnin
wish id at least coud get a little better...i hope soon =/
kinda sad i was lookin forward to talkin to her...
spechless!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!=dddddd
getting prepared for my interview any suggestions for what i should show them?
"nvr give up cus nomattr wat happns 1 day there wil b no pain,tears & fears amazn wat faith can do ie. havn dreams move mts hope that doesnt evr end evn when its as if the world's crashn down upon us, miracles happn out of nowear we say silnt prayrs & think nvr r answerd & actualy r, just hav 2 w8 sumtimes, burdnd brokn <3 bcome br& new & im nvr alone cus if u luv sum1 they will nvr b far nvr goodbye, c u latr!!!"
i dont know how it happened but it did and im on top of the world because i cant believe i did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!thanks for all the prayers guys!=d
a friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and sings it to you when you forget the words...but i guess you forgot the lyrics
"?brother's week? ... if you have a brother who has made you laugh,called you stupid, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you,watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on,made you st...rong. someone you can't do without. copy and paste this to...your... status. i have the two best brothers in the whole world! <3 <3"
can't express how im feelin right now...
"i tear my heart open, i sow myself shut my weakness is that i care too much my scars remind me that the past is real i tear my heart open just to feel..."
i feel awful-i cant wait till march 11th
"many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends leave footprints in your heart..."
confused on the fact that i can be happy and be in pain...i pulled a muscle...oh well at least i'm happy =d
tryin my best to stay strong but it gets harder and harder everyday to do this </3
the heart is fragile but protected by love...when love turns into hatred the heart breaks...
doesnt know what to say do or think and believe anymore
i guess i was right all along maybe this is my purpose in life...=/
the creative center and them wanting to see my work!
"would have been nice to know this all along but at least we now know...kinda trying to take this all in but i can do this because i refuse to give up and waste my dreams away...but even though i was right doesn't mean i want to be...just keep praying for me...thanks for all the friends, family, teachers. my mentor, and everyone else that has helped me out. love all of you!<3"
"there are so many opprotunities these days that we sometimes don't even pay attention to whats right infront of us or it's just something we never thought that  would happen. well, i got one that i can take a risk and show them what im capable of doing. this is where i fight for what i <propfemale>. this is where i need support and encouragement the most. this is a once in a lifetime <propmale> to make my dream into my life."
i am so enraged right now its not funny!
"so do whatever it takes'cause you can't rewind a moment in this lifelet nothing stand in your way'cause the hands of time are never on your side..."
curse this freaking song!
"i'm thankful for everyone that has either helped, supported, and urged me to keep following my dreams and here i am turning them into reality all because i never gave in and never gave up! so thankyou for believing in me guys i'm so greatful to have you all in my life. <3"
if you have a best friend who has made you laugh...stuck up for you...drove you crazy....got mad at you...watched you succeed...saw you fall...picked you back up...cheered you on...had your back....ready to fight the person who ticked you off....and....all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without his/her friendship...paste this to your status and see if he/she knows who he/she is!
why are we competing against one another when we could be working together?
art=my heart <3 because it is not just what i do or what i'm good at! it is because i love the gift god has blessed me with and it is a part of who i am and who i am becoming!
my <propfemale> is now finished
i am honored to have this once in a lifetime opprotunity to do protraits of my whole senior class! thanks guys! =d
had a pretty ok day
isn't it just funny how when you are in a certain mood listening to random music a song comes on and thats exactly how you feel...happens to me all the time lol
my interview with the creative center is on february 15th i'm so excited!
these are the days where  you wanna  scream at the world and run into the arms of the one that would never let go
<propfemale> <propfirst> they say when you love someone you will let them go and if they come back it was meant to be but though i must follow my own life's journey you will never be forgtten and always be in my heart...happy <propfirst>'s day m.p.p
"life is more than just the air that we breathe every second of our lives, but how we live until it is time for us to take our one last breath."
kinda scared...
1 senior picture done 30 more to go =d
<propfirst>'s day...=(
well everyone i enrolled and have a good <propmale> of being accepted. today was an awesome day. the college is the right fit for me and i love every second of gettin to finally see my dream college and hope that i can go to there to finally start living my dream! thanks for all the support and prayers to gettin me to where i am today and possibly the start of my future!
is happy because i have the best friends in the world including my best friend <propfirst>! wouldnt replace them for anyone else! ;)
being funny and hyper and having a good day lol
cant wait to see my pics...oh and 28 more portrait drawings to go!
nothing and yet everything is on my mind
check yes juliet...randomly came on...
my best friend jay...i'm sorry <3
even if saving you sends me to heaven...<3
"the song "" beautiful"" by mercyme"
"broken families create broken hearts, but god; if its his will, can mend the hurt and take away the pain, and with enough faith, love can be restored. even if it cant be how it was before it could turn out better just trust and believe in him to get you through."
my family...i miss them all so much
i wish this pain would go away because knowing that you are suffering kills me...
i miss love and am praying for you nanny!
nees a friend or just someone to talk to...=/
27 senior portraits left to do
sick and tired of picking up all the broken pieces and ignoring my own damaged heart...
thanks for choosing me for student of the month <propfemale> it really meant a lot to me.
25 more portraits to go
wish i had some batteries so i could put the senior portrast up for display
can't wait till i graduate then i'll be on my way making my dream my life
can't wait till i graduate...then i can live my dream
"bluberry strawberry, yet pineapple banana lol"
think about it: in a heartbeat means till death...could you actually commit to that and not want something better?
happy my <propmale> is turning out good and i have the best friends whether old or new and a loving family no matter how far or close i am to all of you and waiting for my letter...living my dream already!
5 inches wth! and its only 6:15...*annoyed*...i hate the snow...
today...has just been one of those days...that can't be explained...
sick and tired...i'm fed up...
wants to say whats on my mind but aready knows the others reponses
"friendship is the rhythm to the soul, the <propfemale> is life, and the <propfemale> to the lost and broken. each friend is another note to a never ending symphony.~leanna <propfirst>"
if you judge a book by its cover you'll never understand or know what their story is about. until you finally focus and read front to back without skipping any pages it won't make sense. whether you read it or not you are part of their story. the question is do you just want to be in it or help them continue writing it?
"even though your gone the memory i have of you will never fade..<3"
misses my best guy friend t.j.h (anarch99)
"i've made my decision...i'm ready to give you a second chance...just ""don't wake me"" <3"
gotta be somebody-nickelback~<3
"all of us have a thousand wishes, to be thinner, to have more money or a new phone. a cancer patient only has one wish - to beat cancer. i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my heroes will be the 3% that do. in honor of someone who has died, or is battling cancer now, or is a cancer survivor, post this as your status for at least one hour.."
i'm...goin...to...college!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a lot of stuff happening these days...
hurting n so many ways really badly
"bummed,lonely,hurting because of detox, and out of it...but i got my drawing done =)"
"after a stressful spring break my day is going pretty dang good!...august 8, 2011 will be just another step to making my dream come true...i got accepte to college at my dream college!!!!!!=d"
no matter what i will be here waitin for you always until you come back home <3 t.t
not going to prom
lonesome and misses someone...(sighs)
luckiest girl in the world <3
never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about~<3 i miss you
wait for me-theory of a deadman<3
because of you i can keep holding on...
without you who knows where i'd be <3 miss you!
hopes every one of my friends had fun and enjoyed prom ^^
i cant believe i'm almost a graduate! time has passed by fast i will miss you guys...oh and i get to see my brother in 29 days! i'm so excited!
tired but cant sleep...
26 days and im out of school!
needs a friend...=(
"dear mr. president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year. would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too. if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support troops"
"cant describe the feeling, but all i know is that my cheeks hurt from smiling! <3"
its not bout findn da 1 2 mend da missn pieces of ur </3 but 2 keep follown da missn pieces dat u come across while walkn down ur path leadn u 2 da 1 dat da pieces blong 2 if u hav faith & keep seekn 4 da owner w/ <propfemale> due n good time both of u will open ur eyes 2 eachother & n dat moment u will hav put 2gether da pieces dat u thought were lost r n da hands of ur other formn both halves as 1 completen 1 another
missing my other half...<3
:/ wants the hurt to go away
trying to <propfemale> in there but doesnt know what to do
putting portraits up
so excited for tomorrow can't wait!
about a week and 1/2 and i'll be out of school oh and may 7th i'll be graduated and headin for college! =d
had quite the interesting day <3
ish gonna miss my friends and family!
hopes i have a good time a lil nervous and  so much is goin on...
may 7th i will officially be a graduate and then i will get ready for college andd move to omaha i will miss you all!
feels better now but still a little nervous....:/
had a really hard day so much to take in all at once and doesnt know what to do about it...:/
so mad i cant even begin to describe it
fed up!
"can anyone tell me why it is so hard for people to pray, but easy to swear? why clubs are growing but churches are shrinking? why it is so hard to re-post a christian status, but easy to post gossip? why we can worship a celebrity, but not jesus? gonna ignore this? most of you won't re-post this. the lord said, if you deny me in front of your friends, i will deny you in front of my father. repost if you believe"
after everything  did for him and stuck by his side and tried to show him hes not alone and this is how he treats me...uh no!!! sorry but i'm not going through this phase again or believe these lies sorry but one thing to know actions speak louder than words!!!
not doin good at the moment...
"i didnt make honor roleaww:(gives you giant medal but~ you made....but i haves a's and b's...made what?bestest friend in the whole wide world! roll :}yay!!!!!!!!!!...wait there is a tie!...and th winner is...*drum roll please* jalynn!gasp!!!! lol xd <3"
so what hurts more the first time someone crushes you or the second time knowing its gonna happen and you turn out to be right???
7 more portraits
5 done how many left...i forgot lol just takin a break and then more portraits
7 more and then i'm officially finished...
putting up some of the guy pictures for 2011
:(
hopes everyone has a wonderful easter!!! loves all my family and friends! don't know where i'd be without any of you guys!<3
happy easter everyone!
5 more portraits
i'm finally done with all the seniors pictures
congrats seniors of 2011  hope you like your portraits!
my best friend made me laugh and smile i love you <propfirst> <propfirst>...all my friends are awesome!!!!
4 days till im out of school and 5 days till i get to see my big brother!
*sarcasm* joy...i get to draw me tomorrow...hasnt had the greatest day...
4 days till i get to see my big brother!
drawing my portrait
is having a good day
glad because no more homework nor tests!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!2 more days!!!
needs a drawing idea
hates having anemia and insomnia at the same time...my eyes burn!!!
wants the pain to go away...
can someone write me in their death note?
"bored, hungry and tired"
schools out for summer!!!!!!! schools out forever!!!!!!!!    i'm free at last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =d 2011
my brother coming home!!! thanks for believing in me <propmale>!!!
i'm gonna miss my friends and i will miss the times i have had with my new friends also far and near. thnaks for believing me and supporting me in my dreams!
honors night is tonight...i'm a little nervous about it...
almost ready for honors night...
thankyou to everyone encouraging my dreams and  huge supposrters for my project
having a lousey day ngight...this is why i dont go to these things cause im not good enough...
i want this night to end...now!!!!!!
i guess my passion is whats important and that i stuck through no matter what to achieve my dream thats what counts i dont need no freaking stupid certificate that says im an artist...my heart tells it to me already
hopes everyone likes their potraits
hopefully gets to see my brother today
is stil hurt and not havin a good day...
feels kinda stupid...
cant wait to go to <propmale> and have a great time with my brother and my other brothers and sisters that loves me and believes in me...but mostly i cant wait to see my hero...scotty...and now others get to see in brother that ive known and seen all my life.
having a better day...i have the most awesome family and friends( also family)
*idea of tattoo must draw tattoo design*...lol
i am done with the design
anyone like wolves?
i will never say never....i will fight to forever!
had a very...interesting day today...wish it wouldnt have been so short though...oh well ill be in <propmale> again soon...=)
sick...and tired...i dont feel good...havent been able to really eat all day...
designing another tattoo
almost done with my next tattoo design
excited cause i might be gettin some money on my next project
tonight...is a tragedy..sad thing is i knew it would be...
writing a poem...and trying to come up with drawing ideas
some people are just so consumed in their own pain that they are so desperate to do anything to escape from it...only they dont realize the amount of agony and misery they put others through when thy decide to end it on their own...
needs ideas for next tattoo design...any takers?
stomach hurts...neeeds food really bad....ow!!!
watching trigun with <propmale> and <propfemale> jimenez
designing <propfemale> devitt's memorial tat
thanks for everything everyone i love and appreciate all of you.and still love the ones who couldnt come that have supported me and never gave up on me! thank you!!! oh and happy birthday amayah i love you baby!!!<3
too many things all at once...just gettin by them day after day one step at a time...
not having the best day but thanks mom i love you...=(
designing <propfemale> devitt's tattoo
<propfemale> devitt your memorial tattoo is minutes from being finished
today was one of the hardest days ive ever lived...and it just keeps getting harder...but one day maybe things will work out...i hope...
funeras are hard specially during these when you cant stop thinking that could have been me...i look all around and see all the people around me that care for me like there was for him...then i think all the pain i caused others when they knew and also didnt...i'm thankful for all my friends and family...and am thankful for not only m best friend but also my guardian angel jalynn e stitt
tell me it will be ok when everything goes wrong be there for me when i can no longer be strong show me a way that i've been looking for along ask me to stay so i have a place to feel that this is where i belong...
heres some tat designs that im puttin up
b.e.s.t. f.r.i.e.n.d.s....(b)elieve in you. (e)mphasize with you. (s)upport you. (t)rust you. (f)ight for you. (r)espect you. (i)nvolve you. (e)ncourage you. (n)eed you. (d)eserve you. and (s)tand by you. thanks <propfirst> for being my best friend!? if you have a best friend like mine post this and show how much you appreciate them!
watching invader zim with <propmale> and my dad
i finally have a mohawk!
"pissed off, annoyed, and irritated!"
workin on my drawing...well colorin it
desnt understand why...nvm...
wonders where life will take me in my next chapter...
some people live fairytales i just read about them in books...
"tomorrow could be ""one day too late""..."
had fun shopping and hanging out in the mall in <propmale> with my best friend jalynn e stitt...and i'll be in <propmale> tomorrow lol
a lot...:/
anything else that is gonna complicate things more than they've already been??? :/
i'm me...and thats who i want to be and that's who all i have to be...
because of you...:/
i'm not here for your entertainment...you don't really want to mess with me tonight...just stop and take a second...i was fine before you walked into my life...cause you know its over...before it began!!!
the only thing love ever gave us and left us with...as a broken heart...</3
"the past does not define who you are only shows where youve been but you are given today to decide where it will take you in your future...you're the only one who can decide which direction to take next...so instead of worrying about the "" but what ifs"" and asking why...and just live...because if we live in fear...we will die never knowing how far it could have taken us..if we just kept trying..."
im getting better!!!! :d
9 days till i turn 18!!!
just havin  a bad day...:/
my day was very interesting but it got better... :)
almost 18 and lovin life!!!
isn't love worth the pain when its with someone that can take it all away?
cant wait for th 22nd!!!!
turning 18 in 5 days!!!
drawing is fun specially when its your friends and you have sharpes!!!
saying goodbye is always the hardest thng to do when your loved ones leave...especially when they played a huge part of your life...i will always love you guys and <propfemale> all the memories...i'll miss you....:( <3
"something i like...shoes (converse) something i dislike...stalkerssomething i love..scotty (my big brother)something bad...singling someone out just because they are different..."
im 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had the best freaking birthday ever!!!!!
happy as can be <3 and cant wait for 7:30 move night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i get my new cell tomorrow!!!so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1...can't ya tell!!!???!!! xd
i got my cell phone muwahahaha xd
uhhhhh...what do i do....what do i say....ahhh!!!!!
tryin to stay awake...not succeedng
going to <propmale> and hanging with zep possibly if he'll ever get up lol
i'm in <propmale>!!!!
texting in a car...i dont feel the greatest...
wll i ever believe what others see in me..not just the outside but inside...whats truly inside...is it possible...
going to <propmale> again
i'm in <propmale> again...lol...
i'm having a better day thanks to my loved ones and friends!!!
i love my friends they are the best!!!
just got done hangin with my roomie tiffany...she's awesome!!!
"it's official..signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv: facebook will start charging this summer. if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you. please pass this message if not your account will be deleted. p.s, this is serious the icon turns blue, so please put this on your wall"
its a shame to watch a friend suffer and no matter what you do or say they just cant take the pain anymore so they decide to end it themselves....permanently...and all you can think is why couldnt i help them and why did they have to give up...when they had everything to offer in life but chose to stop fighting...i miss ya buddy...r.i.p. <propfirst> schug...we will miss you...</3
almost 22 days and ill be livin in omaha
busy busy busy day tomorrow but at least  get to have fun and then saturday is gonna be a blast chillin with the best friend jalynn stitt and family...did i mention jet skiing is involved....wow...i cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is going to be a fun interesting day...lol xddd
this weekend was amazing and i had so much fun camping making new friends and just hangin out with my awesome friends oh and jet skiing is awesome but i love all my friends and loved ones more...<3 cant wait to see yall again sometime!!!!
needless to say i rock because i'm workin on zeppelinstarr <propmale> sleeve tattoo...this is gonna be a big tattoo design lol!!!
missing my friends and wishing time could just stop for a little bit 19 days and i start my new chapter of my lifes story only this particular set is goin to be dark and lonely without the others i guess ill jsut have to wait till they randomly pop up out of nowhere like always lol
i hope everythings ok my two knuckles are messed up where my pencil laysacross my hand...but i shall continue on designing my <propmale> zeppelinstarr <propmale> tattoo sleeve...no pain no gain
"well zeppelinstarr <propmale>'s sleeve was a success he's happy now time to design <propfirst> centamore's, dom <propfemale>'s and mine..now!!!!...glad my <propmale>'s happy!!!!^^"
4 pictures to do while im away..i dont think i'll be bored lol
i love my bubby <propfirst> <propfirst> (<propmale>) and miss him so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
art=my life
my friends love me!
i move in 9 days
"*clears throat taps the microphone to make sure its on and it makes a buzzing echoing shrill*attention...i <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> would like the whole world to know that i have the most fantabulistic, amazingly awesome best friend in the world and her name is jalynn stitt...i love you <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3"
5...more...days...till i move....i'm gonna miss you guys!!!!!!!!!!!d=
i move tomorrow...right now i dont know what to feel...im excited because im one more step closer to acheiving my dream...yet all my loved ones and friends cant come with me but i know i'll see them again someday...just keep me in your thoughts....this is gonna be hard...but i know i'll fight and pull my way through...because i know this is where i'm supposed to be...because.....i am an artist
i miss my new friends...but i hope i'll get to see them again...well at least we can keep in contact....this week went by so fast that it went in someways too fast...yet that's why they say time is precious so <propfemale> every moment you get
keep me in your thought and prayers..im really stugglin...this aint easy...but somehow i know ill be ok....just that right now i'm just idk how to put it...but yeah if you could it would be highly appreciative
on my way to my new appartment i will miss you guys so much...keep in touch...ttys
gonna chill with the roomies and then go shopn later...awesomeness...lol =)
waitin for my roomies...
gonna dye my hair tonight
goin to put red highlights in my hair when <propfemale> comes home....=d
almost done with the highlights just waitin for it to set in
i freakin love my hair!!!!!
workin out with <propfemale>
"watchin narnia, gonna go workout, gonna go swimmin, and get out cable box....sounds like an interestingly busy day...miss you guys..."
can't wait for the 12th...so i can see my buddies!!!!!
makin chicken quesadillas..yeah <propmale>!!!!
drawing <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>'s panda...then going to draw <propfirst> booher's <propmale> potter/draco malfoy battle scene....
going to <propmale> to hangout with my friends on the 12th thanks to my awesome <propmale> <propfirst> booher givin me a ride...thankyou <propfirst>!!!!!
goin to workout with <propfemale> bies today...i have my phone if anyone wants to text or message me on facebook...
got done workin out with <propfemale> bies...chillax time now...xd
i start school in 3 days
watching <propmale> potter...deathly hallows part 1 with <propfemale> bies...
so nervous...
my last day of summer vacation...tomorrow is my first day of college...wish me luck...
i had a fantabulistic day at college today...and it ain't over yet!!!!!!!
i love my <propmale> college!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
no matter what everything happens for a reason because if it didnt...i wouldnt be living the dream that im now making a reality...this is where i'm meant to be...i'm an artist...and i love it more than anything...this is my purpose...art=my life!!!!!!!!!!<3
lookin up pictures to draw for <propfirst> booher's <propmale> potter picture
stippling out a wolf skull for <propmale> history...first time...so wish me luck...
cant wait to see my buddies!!!!!!!!!
i went outside and felt the cold wet breeze then all the sudden a droplet of rain hit my cheek then i realized that it came from te corner of my eye and when the wet drop touched the soft skin of my palm i looked up and the skies above me began to cry too...i miss you...( quote written by me )
*screams*ahhhh why...first i cant sleep...then i have to do my project over...then i find out i have a d+ on it because its not a freaking 3d sculpture...and then my drawings get ruined...both which are <propmale> projects themselves...whats next... wait on second thought dont tell me...because im gonna screw that up anyways...
working on my white paper project with <propfemale> bies and hoping it goes ok and praying my drawings are ok...especially the liger...
"misses my big brother <propfirst> <propfirst> hope hes doing ok.grades: a in drawing,b+ <propmale> media,b color and design theory.i love college.i miss my best friend jalynn stitt and my buddies in <propmale>. can't wait to spend the day with <propfemale> millar soon.i hope my big brother <propmale> is doing ok i miss you and wish you knew that.i love you and my 2 beloved neices.praying for all of you.i hope nanny is feeling better and missing all my family down in georgia.just hopin everyones ok and remember i love you!!!<3"
????? spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? o? ??s?d pu? ?do? s??? p??? u?? no? ?? '?sod ? ???? o? uo??u???? ??d spu???? ?? ?o ?u?? ?o?
missing bein with my friends...=/
"grades: a+ - <propmale> history, b - color &  design theory, b+ - <propmale> media tech, a - drawing"
having one of those days...=/
im 8 weeks and im craving skittes
had an overall good day and made some friends! =)
thinkin about doing my <propmale> project some more im wondering what its gonna look like..hmmm...only one way to find out...lol hehe =)
i am finally done!
i return home tomorrow...cant wait for tuesday!
"where are you and i'm so sorryi cannot sleep i cannot dream tonighti need somebody and alwaysthis sick strange darkness comes creeping on so haunting everytimeand as i stared i counted the webs from all the spiderscatching things and eating their insideslike indecision to call youand hear your voice of treasonwill you come home and stop this pain tonightstop this pain tonight"
seeing my family was nice and now im going to be home sweet home in a couple hours...and then looking forward to seeing my friends at college on tuesday...=d
got my watercolor done so i dont have to worry bout that anymore...still tired but if i sleep now ill wake up at 3:00am so i guess i just need something to keep me up...maybe the lasanga in the fridge will do the trick
"i love this song ""chasing cars"" snow patrol...if i lay here...if i just lay here...would you lie with me...and just forget the world..."
"i love candy...suckers,lollipops,dum dums...sour green apples my favorite...i am in my happy place ^_^"
i was hacked sorry!!!!
what happens when the only person who used to make you smile is the one that always makes you cry...
"it's hard to explain to someone who has no clue. it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside. chronic pain that is unseen. please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (anxiety, bipolar, depression , diabetes, lupus, fibromyalgia, lymes, crohn's, diverticulitis, ms, arthritis, cancer, heart disease, autism etc.) never judge what you don't understand !!! re-post if you know how this feels."
i'm either getting really sick or worse...
u know somethins wrong when u've been coughin for 2 1/2 hours straight  constantly & thats ur only way to breathe gargle warm salt water & get it all over u cause u almost choked try sallowin & gag try coughin up stuff and u almost get sick to ur stomach eat & every bite u have gets coughed up cause u cant swallow it correctly have to gasp for air cause u cant breathe through ur nose almost pass out when u try not to cough...i hope this goes away....i hope i can sleep tonight...im kinda scared=(
-_-...t.t...=(...dx...ugh...i feel awful
some people can burn <propmale> and cheese i on the other hand can burn ramen noodles...microwavable ramen noodles...*sighs and shakes head in pure shame*
hopes i get to go to the dr tomorrow i gotta get better
"???????????????? if you're proud to be an american wave ???????????????? this flag in honor of the fallen men ???????????????? and women who served our country ???????????????? for those who have served in the past ???????????????? and for those who are serving now ???????????????? and for those who are still fighting ???????????????? thank you american heroes. please pray for our great nation under god this anniversaryof 9/11/11"
=( not having the best day...
"its 4:03, and i cant sleepwithout you next to me, i toss and turn like the seaif i drown tonight, bring me back to lifebreathe your breath in me the only thing i still believe in is youif you only knew"
i love this song! my only one-all time low!!!<3
wt...guys are jerks!!!!
my phone works heck yesh!!!!!!!!
my pandora radio station is makin me feel better...well a lil...still hurt...=/
don't try to fix me... i'm not broken...
anger doesnt get you anywhere but broken friendships...so i'm done fighting
"imagination feeds the mind, love heals a broken heart, music calms the soul"
sometimes your worst fears turn into a living nightmare...that you never can awake from...
in the words of my dad <propfirst> perry...there can be no shadow without light...=d
watching the nightmare before christmas
gonna work on my still life while listening to pandora...after a lil short nap...i'm tired...
"misses all my friends back home...<propfirst> <propfirst>, zep, <propfemale>, <propfemale> b., <propfemale> r., <propfemale> l.,kevin, <propfirst>, ash, ash w., caity, <propfirst>, dom, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, sami, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, ferdinand...and all my family especially my big brothers...matt and scotty...and i'm lucky to have my new friends in college...all you guys will never be replaced <3"
my accidental sleepin meds od is wearing off finally...next time ill read the label...i'm an idiot sometimes...oh well lol
lonesome and bored out of my freakin mind...can't wait till <propfemale> gets here...or someone comes home...needs someone to talk to...ahhhhhhh!!!!!!>_< dx
so happy!!!!!!!
excited cause i get to sit and draw animals at the zoo tomorrow!
halfway done with my pastel...wish me luck
had fun today at the zoo but now i wanna lay down and take a nap...psh like that's gonna happen
my day...i don't wanna talk bout it...i was just one of those days...i should've done better and worked harder...don't know what came over me...its been like that for a while now...idk what to do...
so stressed depressed and idk...just wantin to smile again..for real...={
drug education day...oh joy...i hate those...because some ppl just don't realize how much it hurts to know that some people no matter how much we want them to get help refuse and then slip away from us...its like gettin reality in your face...and you can't do anything about it
i need to fight the urge to call it all quits....how the heck did it get this bad...
just got done with hangin with <propfirst> for tonight and had an awesome time i have a fantabulistic study <propmale>!
finally done with my charcoal drawing and happy with the results
thinkin about takin a nap...im suffering from sleep deprivation...so many all nighters this week...i guess its worth it
"i'm falling apart, i'm barely breathingwith a broken heart that's still beating"
doesnt know what to think or do anymore...tired of making myself look stupid...i just so confused...wish i knew but i guess im not meant to know...its like bein on a freakin roller coaster...ahhhhhh!!!!
gonna work on my smokey yin <propfemale>
just made a choker and it is now finished...it works too
i pick my friends over you<3
lovin college but misses my friends <3 thinkin bout yall
why do you have to go and make things so complicated!!! </3
:o i want a apple that tastes like a freakin jolley rancher too!
"you are my past, yesterday's history, and only a memory that will soon be forgotten with time."
"fake friends - never ask for food...real friends - are the reason you have no food fake friends - never seen you cry...real friends - cry with you fake friends - know a few things about you...real friends - could write a book about you fake friends - would knock on your front door...real friends - walk right in and say ""i'm home!"" fake friends - will help you up when you fall over...real friends - will jump on top of you and shout ""sandwich!!"" fake friends - are around for awhile...real friends - are for life fake friends - will read this...real friends - will steal this!.."
thanks zeppy for tryin and helpin me feel better you are a true friend and i'm lucky to have a friend like you...*hugs*
can this day be over already please
my day is beginning to get better i made friends!!!^_^
goin to work on my extra credit drawins especially the flight theme
