219
0b9d4ba8be84c056fb34b5a2998b2be0
28
-
got some new notes up!!  tell me what you think!............ and go vols!!!!!
i am so sick...............and a bit sad........ and stillgoing to college.
"i ""might"" have passed all my exams"
“talk may be cheap but intelligent conversation is very expensive these days. ask anyone who is in college.”
"i have exams this week…………..worried ...............study, study and more study."
it's so cold tonight   hope you have a good morning...
"a man is not where he lives, but where he loves.  -latin proverb"
someone write on my wall
its been a rough day. i got up this morning .... put on a shirt  and a button fell off. i picked up my briefcase and the handle came off. i'm  afraid to go to the bathrom?
got a new note you might find funny............and sexy underware photos
90 on my first exam..........so far so good ..we will see what thursday brings.
what the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
not sick anymore!
"if god is the dj, then life is the dance floor; love is the rhythm, and you are  the music."
"good morning world!  busy day have a research paper to work on and laundry, but i’m going to the java garden today for lunch who is coming with me?...........  and please somebody write on my wall!"
"“if god dwells inside us like some people say, i sure hope he likes enchiladas, because that's what he's getting”"
did anybody get a <propmale> to read my notes i posted? well i'm off to school
"what lies behind us, and what lies before us are <propfemale> matters compared to what lies within us.          ~ by <propmale> <propmale> <propmale> ~"
"i wish i had a kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both dracula and superman away."
a million words wouldn't bring you back. i know because i've tried. neither  would a million tears. i know because i've cried. <propfirst> is crushed.
ok i'm on face book now
who wants to go out for breakfast?
look at this!!! i have made the big time! http://www.danarice.net/directory/
synced their myspace account to facebook http://lnk.ms/0wbg6
has anyone in the morristown area looked out side? a hurricane of snow! i can't even see 1st north and second north is covered. omg lots of fast moving snow!
"“the secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.” its my birthday"
omg.... why did i take an 8am class?
back to college today........
i hear all day clases are cancelled at walters state comunity college for monday!!!!........students should log on to the walters state elearn web-site for information regarding alternative plans for final exams or follow instructions you may have already received from your instructor(s).
still ill and miserable
hamblen county schools closing at 2
"it had been snowing for hours when an announcement came over the intercom: ""will the students who are parked on university drive please move their cars so that we may begin plowing.""twenty minutes later there was another announcement: ""will the twelve hundred students who went to move 26 cars please return to class."""
"i am still sick this morning....  when will it end?sometimes i lie awake at night, and i ask, 'where have i gone wrong?' then a voice says to me, 'this is going to take more than one night.'<propfirst> brown"
