258
1895851cc448183ab181b6e5d7ed4cf3
35
+
of 2 tha gym lol
people and picture lol what a krakk!!!!!!nomore of that for me lol
i love my boyfriend!
typical
<propfemale> freakin bored! i needa job!! hmmm...
tea cooked lol :)
food lol
<propfirst> tauariki i lovez you my huni xxx...*looked n tryd the most beautiful n very expensive ring on  * . n very <propfemale> xmas to <propmale>l my family n frenz love n light to u <propmale> xx
leaving tha airport kant wate to go to bed lol
jus finish at tha gym lol sauna is so hot!!
happy happy joy joy! lol
misss my lil darlingz lol xxxooo
mising my lil niecey
p
tru ow bro ow falah ow bay neat alryte kuzie sori bowt it! haha
<propfirst> tauariki my hansom boy lol
so need new photos
wnt be doing anythng ths w.e im sick az! and so ova it . knt be stuft doing anythng i nd a antidote lol
h2o iz the way 2 go lol
whats is the point of the point??? dus it have a point lol
"mis u mum n dad ,buba n sista"
fah shut tha hel up u noisey buggerz
"happy birthday brotherlove u x"
sooo tired .sooo bloated lol
"choicez, decisionz, regretz,mistakez=happiness or sadness"
~driinx wit tha famz tonyte hmmm smirnoff duble blax i think sorta had enuf of woodstok . for now lol~
in tha hummerzine lol mean
stupid anxiety atackz!
nice boring day in perth . driving <propmale> hahaha
i mis my family !!
orsum lesonz dadio haha
gawd az tew beh baqz!
yea yea ay !!
hahaha any1 seen that cat maru ? look it up on youtube friken thing is a krak up
i wish
o.m.g
facebook fanatix !
"ths year big planz to save lotz.bk to new zealand in december 4 my birthday , koroz unveiling, xmas and new yearz kant wate to c my famz! gana be a big thng to look foward to! no mucking arownd ths year thatz for sure!"
wea have u been?
isnt it ironic how we love those that hurt us n hurt those that love us. . . ! !
dumb!!
feels mean not being at home all the dam time wasting my life away.
the greatest man in the world ..would be my daddy <propmale> te pohe. even tho i dnt sho it dad you r my everythng im daddys girl always u r truly my light thru tha darkness.xxx i love you & mum xxx. i hope 2011 bringz nothng but the best ..i mis youz like crazy!! xx all my love maari!!
itz funi how people assume they know everything..yay i get to go to tafe friday then nex wk orientation then i found owt our firzt wk there we get to hav a party sorta thng on tha wekend ! awesum az lookn foward to my new year ! lol
fuck fucken fucking fuckd fuckity fuck fuck!!dam sum people jus make u wana swear!!! i dnt give a fuck hahahaha lolz..hmmm ...:d
yay fingerz crosd today!
i heart you mah hunnie
