228
fdd59fbb907c5eb218de8b77cd0570c9
22
-
"is going to be in thanet this weekend, give me a shout!"
happy eid for yesterday :)
"can't believe she forgot how boring lectures are and how easy the first term is, plus at 21 is officially a coffin dodger!"
had a good day at work today despite having to deal with loads of angry customers :)
"can't believe shipona's single, what a maneater!lol :p"
"saw the most gorgeous baby degu up for adoption in pets at home, all on his lonesome"
"is excited, but need to scrape some pennies together for a snowboard! aaargh!!"
"has just discovered an awesome song black magic by the magic wands, shame all their other stuff is pants!"
is fed up with reading law journals :(
is 22 tomorrow!
has absolutely amazing friends! love u all to pieces :) (p.s. coming back to thanet on saturday!)
has just broken her printer! :(
definetly has the best bf in the world!
happy birthday to <propfirst> and <propfemale> :)
is getting a nandos :d
"is unsure what to do, go shorter or grow my hair long? help?!"
snow trip or new laptop??
wishes she was back home in thanet where the snow is. no snow in bournemouth :(
is going out to buy 2 rage against the machine cd's even tho already have the album!! :)
hehehe jedward survived the sing off!! thank you <propmale> cowell!! :d
is coming home tomorrow night :) rip <propfemale> murphy x
is hoping to recover before <propmale> arcs...please!!
is ecstatic that rage are the xmas no. 1!!!
is back home :)
"and <propfirst> are off to <propmale> arcs :) happy new year, good luck keeping your resolutions!x"
"is back home safely after a 22hr coach trip! <propmale> arcs was awesome, finally learnt to carve properly!!"
is pretty sure the chem test was a fail...maybe should have done some revision :(
is proud of shipona for doing so well in her gcse's :) xxx
never knew i could hate ladybirds <propfemale> much!!!
loves her lil sisters and bro very muchly :d xxxx
"is tired after the portland field trip, thank goodness <propfirst>'s cooking :)"
is starting the assignment...
is finally doing the academic practice tasks :(
is looking forward to going home on fri night and partying with the girls for the first time in years!! :d
"is not sure about the new haircut, may need to invest in a wig!"
had an awesome night with the girls. happy <propfirst>'s day :)
"isn't gonna bother trying to get the earth systems assignment done for tomorrow, still reading!!! :("
thinks <propfirst> is a renius!!!!
thinks <propfirst> tulloch has got to be the funniest <propfirst> in history!! :d
according to <propfirst> is <propfemale> clever that its like talking to rainman...lol
"is still on 500 words, gonna be up til 5am doing this stupid assignment :("
is finished with maps!! now statistics...
"is going to learn to surf in croyde tomorrow, and am very scared!!!"
"alone all weekend now, anyone free in bournemouth in the evenings to keep me company?"
is coming home tomorrow but gutted my family isn't back til saturday :(
"happy birthday emzie, now ur old and haggard like me! :d"
conservative/liberal coalition?? complete oxymoron!!
happy birthday shipona :) xxx
wish that i could split into two and finally get everything organised!!
"""make tea not war""- quote of the day from a tea shop in swanage :)"
can't believe my family are gonna be stuck in egypt til the 1st of may!!! lucky buggers!!
"thanks for dinner last night, abi killen  and <propfirst> reeves , loved articulate!!  :d xx"
"is bored, is anyone around in thanet?"
is like the cat that got the cream :d
"should really do the uni work!! damn degus, facebook and <propfirst> simmonds for being sooo awesome!! :p"
is definitely the luckiest girl in the world to have <propfirst> simmonds as her boyfriend! love you!!!!
"ok, don't have a phone atm as mine won't charge so i'm not ignoring you i promise!"
wishes people would stop trying to convert me!! i don't believe in god. end of!!!
is anyone around in thanet? text me!!
back to the 9-5's :)
"had an awesome night last night, thanks wreckheads and massive ha ha in your face!! <propfirst> reeves for failing to ruin me! :p"
back in thanet :)
back in bournemouth where the sun is shining but there's loads of work to do!! :(
we definately have <propfemale> geography at 5 today! <propmale> has confirmed it xx
has listened to an unhealthy amount of the smiths today...law revision is seriously depressing :(
1st year done! hope everyone has an amazing summer :)
surfing was awesome but i'm now sore and in a bad mood coz of lazy scroungers!!! get a job and if u have one pull your weight!!!
has the best friends in the world!! can't wait for next weekend! :d
is shitting bricks about the earth's systems exam!!
back in bournemouth and shattered! was great catching up with everyone! :)
can't believe a muscle spasm could cause so much pain :(
"had a brilliant time with <propfemale> freeborn and <propfirst> hooper last night, thanks for the roast! :d"
working 15 days in a row is gonna suck big time!! :(
"2 down, 1 to go til freedom!!"
that field trip just reaffirmed that i don't ever want to be an ecologist!
<3 urban outfitters :d
"is packing <propfirst>'s things for wales, feel like i'm a mum already!!lol"
"got given a large bottle of scotch and 2 cans of <propfemale> ale by a customer today, shame i'm not a 80yr old man"
nye sorted! looking forward to seeing everyone in chilli white :d
"is going to be selling posh wine all summer, what an awesome job :)"
"is actually a bit nervous about getting my exam results, though knowing how rubbish the post in bournemouth is might have over a week of waiting!!"
"needs to get a haircut in ramsgate, any recommendatiosn please?"
will never attempt to dye my hair at home ever again now just have bizarre purpley orangey red streaks in my hair :(
some people are an epic fail at life!! haha :p
"finally have all the presents bought and wrapped, cards written and more new shoes for me! :d back in thanet tomorrow, can't wait!! :d :d"
"thank you for all the birthday messages and to everyone who came out last night, had a brilliant night!! much love xxx"
happy 16th birthday to my brother mo for yesterday!! (sorry its late!) love you!!
"needs a new laptop but haven't got a clue what's good, any suggestions?"
don't you love it when you unexpectedly get paid? :d
on our way home :) see you thanetians soon xxx
can't wait to go home on friday!!!
"children with disabilities are not sick or gross. they only want what we want, to be accepted. can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for one hour. it is special education week and this is in honour of all children made in a unique way."
back in thanet monday!! :d
how do people decide when their anniversary is? first date or from when it gets serious?
"had an awesome weekend thanks to <propfemale> sullivan , <propfemale> oxborrow , emma-jayne hamlington and <propfirst> kidd  but its made me wish i was 19 again :("
derren brown scares me...
"so let me get this ""straight"" - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage. <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really...?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!!!"
<propfemale> christmas!! hope <propfemale> has brought everyone something lovely :) can't believe this is <propfirst> simmonds  and my 4th xmas together already!! love you loads xxxx
thinks <propfirst> simmonds  should stop giving his new ratchet spanners more attention than me! :p xxx
"thinks i've just wasted 2 hours of my life watching twilight, what's the hype about???!"
hates the student loans company with passion!!!
i like it by the front door ;)
"body has finally given in to the cold, damn ill people giving me their germs!!"
new series of peep show on tonight :d
is anyone doing anything for halloween this year?
want my eyebrows back :(
"why is the online timetable system so rubbish!! mine is now completely blank, does anyone know when we have lectures tomorrow?? please!!"
bournemouth finally has snow!! yay :d
have my costume for thursday :d
"has had to brave the heavy rain just to look at some bacteria, yay!"
"less than 2 weeks til xmas, can't wait to go home!! :d"
"my phone is now completely dead, so need a new one for less than £100, as i'm clueless anyone have any suggestions? thanks ;d"
"been a real kid today, snowball fight in the park, built a snowman and now hot chocolate! :d"
wondering how i can get enough motivation to read about limpets?? bloody ecology!!!
"and <propfirst> finally have a new pc, just got to get used to it now :d"
"snowball fight meyrick park, 11:30 today!!"
has managed to finally talk <propfirst> out of dressing up as a red onion on thursday :d
back in bournemouth :)
has realised that painting is hard!!
is glad my lil bro is finally home :d
thinks its retarded that people with 4x4s can't drive in a little bit of snow!! what's the point??!
"finally x-factor are releasing a decent xmas single, 'mon the biffy!!"
"last night's misfits was amazing, not back til next year now, sad times!! :("
<3 ikea! now to re-decorate :)
