242
87d2d7a4004966e7ef5c48426e7ad621
33
-
"really happy that i find ""someone"" before my oral exam..meeting her and getting her to help me was the wisest choice i ever make..cuz i was able to enter and leave the examination hall with ease.. ^.^"
a great teacher not only teaches the student to do well but also inspire him/her to love the subject and strive to be a better person
"it is only when one is in desperate moment will they finally know who is their true friend..and i am thankful for getting to know 3 most beloved friend..yl,br and ph"
since taking the initiative to talk to others yet they cant even be bothered about it..why should i care?i might as well just shut up and wait till they got things to tell me.or better yet leave them be!!
i wanna give up o'level this year..my motivation has vanish into thin air..haizz
"i wonder do all the people deserves sympathy as they fall under the catergory of ""humans"" or only a certain group of people deserves it??"
recipes..recipes..i got a hard time finding recipes that fits my f&n practical criteria!it is either too easy or the ingredients is hard to find/expensive!!!help!
just played and intense and bloody game today>left 4 dead 2.it is one hell of a game man!it will be scary to play alone at night!
"learn to accept things that does not go according to what we want.if we do not try to accept it,stress will increase."
5 more months to o'levels..30 more days to mt o'level exam!!1month and a half to o'level f&n practical exam!!!....yet i am still daydreaming away!
lost my phone.so no point smsing me!haha
"it is good to have an end to journey toward but it is the journey that matters, in the end"
"have not finished my f&n coursework.but the more i do,the more i feel like giving up.the coaching itself have already made me suffered from headaches..dont feel like doing it!"
"the feeling of loneliness is gnawing my heart..at times,that feeling is unbearable,at times it was frozen up..i hated that feeling.."
"kindness is what makes a human being, brittle.but it is also the same kindness that brings human beings together"
its funny that people claims that they know you well but in fact they dont.whats worse is that they didnt do any significant stuff for you and can forcefully claim that they are your best friend/good friend
"did not attend school today,but i knew very well who really care for me.. and i am happy..^.^ although it is only 1 person.."
"very very tired now..but no matter the amount of sleeps i had,it wasnt enough.."
"if life is like the show ""rhythm of life"" i will go back to the past and change everything."
who are you to judge me.what right do you even have to criticise me.look at your actions and behaviour before talking bad about others..
not a superstitious person but at times the horoscope is spot on.
the first time and the first thing to appreciate what others do is to say thank you.the second time will be doing something nice in return..
was i wrong?maybe..but i must say~~ daikira!!honto daikira!!haha
"half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. -rogers, will"
"despite telling myself that i should pick up the courage to meet that person,i am still hesitating!!gosh!i tink there is high <propmale> that i will not turn up at her office -.- mmph...what should i do??"
"why bother?i have always given advice to many people but what i've said,they neither keep it in their mind or heart.so when they met with some obstacles,they will just turn around and blame me.so,why bother?"
"had fun today but was boring due to the lack of entertainment by the host..after the fun time,i was wondering should i go out tomorrow??"
attitude is a small thing that makes a big difference!
i seriously dislike people who show off-.- wats the point of showing off when it is just a moment of success?
i wonder isit because i think that it is my problem and no one cares..or isit simply because people just dont want to care as it is not their problem
should i??should i not??gosh!!it is so troublesome!!help me solve it!!...nvm..asking people to help = taking forever -.-
i really dislike people who only 'saw' me when they needed help and pretend that i dont exist when they are done with it.(how many people are actually not like this?)
i belongs to infp kind of personality..^.^
i cant find the courage to face the examiner for the oral exam next tuesday!shall i skip it?>.<
"i wonder whether retaking chinese paper is a bad decision..cuz the problems lies not with the paper but the oral itself..if my oral had gotten a merit,i would have easily gotten a b for the overall chinese..now..i wonder......."
<propfemale> boyle is my greatest motivator.
woahoo!!joanne peh and rui en won the most favorite actress award!!so happy for them!!i love them alot cuz they are the best among the 7 princesses!!
globalisation notes...globalisation notes..please come out..dont play hide and seek with me....
finally..i am able to study!!!-.- i am not sure what force is pushing me forward but..the most important thing is that i nid to use determination/commitment to make it successful..if not i am back to being a lazy and slackish person..
our greatest battles are that with our own minds. -jameson <propfirst>
"hope that this sa1 ends quickly.everyday,the paper gets harder and harder!!"
they based on one test to judge us which is very unfair..hate banding the most..what are we going to learn when we are used to another method of learning and suddenly all change??
just created a new blog.but it serve the purpose of introducing and explaining about certain anime.
today is my doom's day!i told the examiner i got nothing else to say for 3/4 times sia!!so dead..plus she repeat and rephrase what i said sia!!walao!!
"i don't get one thing.why do people complained about others being inconsiderate yet,they themselves are one???"
it is said that the result will be released around 10~12 jan...i wonder isit true...
"i sit down,stare at my book for less then 5 mins and i am back to my laptop!"
"despite knowing my limit in ability to archieve distinction for chinese,i will still aim high for it..because the result will always fall below my target..must chiong for chinese!!i am much more weaker in that subject than anyone else!"
"another year in school is not always a good thing..the bad thing is that we have to go through the same procedure for another year,thus we all will feel sian about it..right now,everyone is feeling tired of f&n..no one is doing coursework but playing facebook or blog shopping"
one has to try not to make mistake as making up for it may be impossible..
imitation.that is what clowns are good at.
"what can we do about f&n when we put in so much effort and when our work come back to us..it is being rejected or 99% of it was being erased off..where,when,how can we find our motivation to continue on with our f&n??"
just a little more..just add 100% effort in..just strive on and not stop to slack..my little motivator to keep me going..so that i will be prepared for olevels..
"looking at the screen and trying to do my composition,but after writing a few lines my mind went blank.it is not just once but many times!!!it is like i have lost the ability to write essay!!"
gosh!ninja assasin is so m18..gross..
"bored till the extend of feeling lost!what should i do,so that i will not be bored??!!"
i am already prepared to retake my mt olevel paper in oct/nov -.-
i tink i am so  gonna join in to the crowd which says tat guy got mental problem..or maybe split personality!
arrrggghhh!!!!die <propfemale> lah!whats with today's oral???!!!!what the hell is the question about??using internet at home to study?and hell with the examiner!!doing things that demoralize us!!!!!!!the only attitude i can bring with me is..getting ready to retake chinese paper!!
nope..it is none of my business!!!!
"it feels so different,yet i cant point out what isit.."
"i want to watch inception,sorcerer's apprentice,knight and day,letters to juliet,salt and avatar:the last airbender.anyone interested to watch the above mentioned and wanna watch with me can just contact me ^.^"
"having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words, but pouring them all right out, just as they are, chaff and grain together; certain that a faithful hand will take and sift them, keep what is worth keeping, and then with the breath of kindness blow the rest away. - a quote by <propfemale> craik"
"so not going to sch for the rest of my holiday, be it mt oral practice or f&n coursework.just want to stay at home and really enjoy the rest of my holidays!!"
"those who know true love act with confidence,straightforwardness and honesty, whereas those who present themselves as nice are often merely hiding the ...depths of their emotion behind a show of smiling appeasement."
will not be affected by their words and actions..i am alot stronger then i used to be..i have overcome my biggest obstacles and now..i should place all my efforts and thought on another issues..which is olevels..
"who are you to judge me??!!you cant even be bothered to apologize when you are at wrong!!dont expect me to be kind towards you,cuz you dont deserve it.."
"is there a need to be attitude towards others when the most obvious thing is that you, yourself are the one at wrong??no longer a kid yet your actions shows that you are one."
suffocating right now!!!plus irregular sleeps has made me very bad tempered!!! suffocating + headaches + tired + bad temper = unable to study!!
"the greatest time i ever spent was when i am with my cca members..because i got caring seniors,2 most beloved juniors and a bunch of wierd and crazy people!the most important is that we've been through a series of scolding from teachers!!great memories!!"
i am such a movie freak!!watching movies after movies at home right now..
i seriously cant stand unorganized people and i cant stand last miunte stuff!!!!
"offering one's left hand is a sign of trust for that person,as the left hand is the one that holds the shield(i.e.you trust that person enough to lower down your guard.) it is also a sign of fraternity and lover, for the left side is where the heart resides."
no countries should face natural disasters alone. because the root of the natural disaster is caused by global warming which is entirely due to human beings.
"i cant judge and force other to share the same view as i am.if i do not want to let the issue bugs me,i have to change my own thinking..but at times i wonder..why do i have to go through the pain to change myself so that i am able to mingle with others???why do i even have to accept their behaviour????"
"just fallen in love with a new song ""little braver"" by girls dead monster!!great lyrics..and it is one of the many reasons why i like japanese songs!!"
bullfighting in catalonia will be banned from 1 january 2012!!!but i want to watch it real life for at least once!!!
"i have no confidence in staying in band 1 for maths and english.because i am the weakest in that band,i still don't no why i am being placed that band despite having a lousy grade for english!"
"graduating from evss in 2 days time..honestly,i cant imagine leaving evss for good!!"
i must not regret re-taking chinese..but i cant help but feel that way right now.. 'sigh' ...
"packing my eng,maths,geog and most of the notes for physic and chem into the box~~i may not  be needing these already..man..took years of prepration and it all ended in a couple of hours.."
"last year,during desperate hour,i couldnt get the help i want for chemistry.this year is the same.and i do hope that the result will at least stay the same or get better!"
"i have decided to give up on chemistry..well..if i intend to give up,i might as well do the same for physic!!so..i am gonna flunk my science paper!!!!!"
"?????? , ????????? , ?????????? , ????              by : the activist's journey"
"what is the difference between delusion,illusion and hallucination?and how do i use them correctly??"
"this path towards olevel is tough..because no one is beside me,supporting me..feeling so lonely and lost..."
"if one could not master the very basic,all the work will only be as good as half.only when one has a solid foundation in the basic can reach to the highest point.this is the most common knowlegde to all who are learning."
this year's yearbook is very nice..credits to those made this!!
gonna start anew after tmr!!leaving evss is the best thing that could ever happen to me!!going to dump the past memories that contain anyting related to evss and the old me..sayonara evss!!!
i started relaxing when i reach my house..then..i suddenly remember i still got 4 more subjects to go!!
"year end,i want to head down to red dynasty to play paintball..i wonder if anyone is interested.....mmph......"
"hey guys!i have totally lost all my contact info,please msg me and leave ur name in it!!thx!!"
??????????????????
