222
183645c7ba4364a6af0e8b944b33eb06
30
-
"yup, no-one cares about my feelings"
limiting my contact with everyone & i don't care
outside. fine. inside? ........
i remember the darkness of my past. these memorys i wish i didn't have. i let go. never looked back. never moving forward so there can't be a past.
8th march-my b-day. i'm wanting who ever is availbe. to come....anyway i'll be at the queens hotel/rail way from 10am-12pm so it should just last till 5pm so yeah.
tomorrow......jumping off brigdes
"(8) tell me would you kill to save your life? tell me would you kill to prove your right? crash, crash, crash, burn. let it all burn. this hurricane pushing us all on to cry (8)"
"(8) do you really want, do you really want me? do you really want me dead or alive to torture for my sins. do you really want, do you really want me dead or alive to live a lie! (8)"
no idea what to do for my 18th =/
right just spending some time walking around town for my 18th. anyone wanna tag along. i don't mind who. just ask.
nope not doing anything for my 18th. can't be fucked really.
"okay, decided. 8th march, i'm walking around town from 12 to 3pm then back home. if you wanna just walk around with me, i'm at the corn exchange at 12 for a while. if you don't know where that is. pick either park <propfirst> college or the bus center."
"i just thought, that story about the couple on the motorbike and the brakes not working.... why didn't the guy just use his head... and let go off the acceleration!"
"batman = grown man running around in leather with a young boy... superman = wears his pants on the outside....flash = on speed...aquaman = all the same powers as spongebob..."
"i want to go out on my bday and come back with a tattoo, and a snake bites scare the crap outta  my family x]"
thanks everyone mainly <propfirst> lol. linkin parks 'a thousands sun'  and 30seconds to mars 'this is war' is the best albums so far! :dd
"(8) this is the moment of truth, a moment to lie, a moment to live, a moment to die, a moment to fight, to fight, the moment to fight, to fight, to fight, to fight. to the right, to the left. we will fight to the death, to the edges of the earth! its a brave new world, its a brave new world!!! (8)"
"(8)i believe in nothing, not the end and not the start, i believe in nothing, not the earth and not the stars. i believe in nothing, not the day and not the dark. i believe in nothing, but the beating of our hearts. i believe nothing, one hundred suns until we part. i believe, not in satin and no in god. i believe in nothing, not in peace and not in war. i believe in nothing but the truth in who we are (8)"
"so not sleeping, just gunna rock out to my cds ;d"
"</3 another dream broken. this time... i'll stay awake. love, is just a word! >:'("
"blood and sweat mixed as one, drip, drip off the skin, drip, drip off the metal. clench your fist of blood, squeeze out more. just to enjoy the taste. self harm they say makes you weak. i say it makes me stronger. more so to endure more pain, that life throws my way. </3"
i wish people would shut up about me being gay just because i'm wearing eyeliner! -_-
fable 3 gnome: i sensed your presence before you even arrived. . . . . what did you eat!?!
"this job seaching stuff is getting to me =/ even with my family pressuring me, depressing back stabbing me. and the fact we're in debt. man, i need to get away but i cant :("
anyone know where the fuck i can write a cv? or is it fine to just do one on word?
i just got mistaken for <propfirst> depp xd
"????????????????????????????????????"
??????????????????????????????????
"wow, i've gotten a <propmale> interest in tarantula's.  (:"
fable 3 anyone?
i'm not even tired and its half midnight ><
fired on the first day . . . what the fuck . . . ¬_¬
anyone whos bothered =/ i'm getting another face' i'm having problems with logging on with this one. i should be using blood_pain_tears@live.co.uk if it helps :/
"dreams, the only thing that lets us have what we want. but the one's we'd want to remember, are forgotten."
"ah yes, the changes you do in weeks . . .  :)"
shite bullets you basterds...
someone do me a favour =/ can we 'bump' into each other in leeds someday? i'ma stuck with my family for weeks! >_<; i don't bite! often ;p but someone leave a message saying when they'd like to xd cause i only meet att thee corn :3 thannks!
"for peace across the planet, man and womankind need to become an endangered species, face near annihilation. only then will humankind be at peace with humankind. but if we face near annihilation, another species will be the exterminator. how to be at peace with another species. thats, another chapter in human future."
press 'like' if you always feel sorry for sucide <propfemale> (if you dunno what that is google it!) comment if you find it funny!
know what fuck it - nobody wants to so fuck it then
know what fuck it - i'll fucking play on my own like always
"no, i would not trip you up in a zombie outbrake. i'd just shoot you [="
"??? so i don't wanna be let down, i don't wanna live that life again. don't wanna be let down the same old road. i don't wanna be let down, don't wanna live my lies again. don't wanna be let down the same old road. ???"
bored
"a problem that caused more problems - i don't know what it is, but its ripping me apart."
"i love the night, night air, the coldness of the night. much better than the day."
i feel like today will to totaly shite
nine out of ten people believe that one out of nine people will always disagree with the other nine.
"<propfirst> had balls, he was heartbroken that they got squashed, his freinds was in pain for him. his wife didn't careless. his dog how ever was pissed off. he still had to deal with his <propmale>!"
so noone really gives a fuck then?
"when i'm on the stage its not theater, its shakespear with a strap-on xd"
"would you notice if: i stood next to you, sat under a tree reading, cried or rammed a knife into my arm in public? today, i did this. nobody stopped, nobody noticed, nobody cared. neither did my 'friends' or 'family'"
"500,000 points. over 5,000 kills. one life rounds. only one weapon. i got asked how did i do it? my answer = "" i put the game on easy and unlimited ammo bitch! "" :]"
"hello mr.furlong, i'm here to feel up your daughter [="
who the fuck called me at 1am?
"if i was president, i'd allow the use of the f-bomb! yes terrorists fuck you! boom. :p"
"don't give hot chocolotte to someone who will become hyper, horny and do anything sexual to the girl/guy they like. so why am i drinking this shit? :]"
i need someone to take a photograph(s) of a custom roleplay character. a camera oparatior is needed but another character would be more creative. (nobody'll notice like..)
"fuck yeah, noone cares likea always t-t"
i only got a day of free xbox live and nobody wants to play :(
"how come i lose freinds, not make them? :("
"my dad says, if i can't see you - you can't see me. try saying that to predators dad :p"
i can't believe i have tits! i mean shits!
so what if i shit cotten! - lol cat [:
"pokemon, the only game that says talking to strangers and getting <propfemale> of them is fine [="
i heard a bang from upstairs so i ran up thinking somebody had broken in. thankfully there wasn't anything there. then i realised that we had improved serround sound system d:
"okay, now i know, nobody i'm freinds with would date me..."
"yay, my 18th valentines day i've spent alone ... come back in a year and it be my 19th!"
"when a guy says he like everything, i say: do you like having sex with other men"
till it crys.
"do you think cops every think about yelling. "" reach! for my penis."""
like i'd spend a hundred pounds on something when i can just easily give you me ~ <3
"if action movies wear real, you'd know the hero would die 'cause he ran outta ammo five hours ago :p"
