71
1a32585eabfae9612f70513dedbf9e27
33
+
teen camp today!!!
aha!! i modded the generic image
i'm going to connecticut on sunday
i retook the mypersonality quiz
i have been inspired
"my mother and neice are watching <propfemale>, it looks like it's going to be fun to  make the sets."
"just watched two episodes of the addams family, wish they'd make some more."
having mental issues
wishes facebook supported bbcode
has to write a connection paper about serial killers for tomorrow.
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head. when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you."
is losing his mind while sitting in the dark listening to time pass
sanity's not always a good thing
pocky!
"my emotions decided to disappear as i let down my guard and try to relax more, you know, so i don't have people thinking i'm a suit. or an alien, or bot, or....."
hating myself for having feelings for a girl
i feel like i have a hole in the back of my head
really wants to get a katana and go to haiti
diet soda is not better for you than caffinated drinks!!!
"if a man speaks in a <propmale>, but no woman is around to hear him, is he still wrong?~anonymous"
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations. 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this. i did!! maybe we should help our own first!!"
"hates the guy who made the group ""hi, i'm a boy, i lie about my feelings all the time and ruin your life :)"" not like ""i hate you so much! you're giving me a ride, right?"" no, more like ""ok, time to test out this new, experimental gauss sniper rifle"" or ""i just melted your computer, cell phone, 360, wii, and ps3 beyond repair from 50,000 <propmale> away."""
"that group that allows you to install the ""official"" dislike button is lying to you, it requires you to install a third-party plug-in,(third-party meaning facebook has nothing to do with it) if it were as official as it says it is it wouldn't exist, because the dislike button would spontaneously appear, without you having to install anything. plus it's a potential security risk."
is it bad that i don't trust obama?
"yes, i definitely need a picture of myself for my profile, or, at least a picture of something that only i would do"
hates that status updates have a maximum of 460 characters
life = meh.
"two essays down, two to go"
"facebook should change the graphical user interface (gui) back because it defeats the purpose, it is very processor heavy, and due to that people may stop using it"
"trying to unlock a hard drive from an xbox, it's proving to be a pain in the butt to find the right utility"
"ok, i took two slightly buggy quizzes, they didn't ask me to post my results, one was ""what is your purpose in life?"" and the other was ""which <propfemale> in wonderland character are you"" and the results were ""you are an angel in human form"" and ""cheshire cat""...interesting"
heard in rome before it burned: victus mortuus es appositus! adepto vestri ornamentum!;)
sapere aude  and subsiste sermonem statim and also  si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes
"late anon. <propfirst>'s day quotes~~anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone truly special to catch your heart.~~contrary to what the cynics say, distance is not for the fearful, it is for the bold. it's for those who are willing to spend a lot of time alone in exchange for a little time with the one they love. it's for those knowing a good thing when they see it, even if they don't see it nearly enough."
i really want a snow day tomorrow but something tells me that there will be a two hour delay
my 3 year old niece knows more about dvd players than my health teacher(who taught some of the teachers at school) xp
"i love the way that my computer system is set up, because the screen wiggles and my earphones go static-y right before i get a text, and i have an encrypted journal on a flash drive and my little brother attempted to delete it today"
"slightly interesting, i have most of the characteristics of a hacker, but i'm a infp personality when most hackers have either intj, intp or the rare entj(or entp)"
taking pics off my mom's camera
"just recived my interm permit and drove down the road, taking out 80% of the mailboxes along the way;-)"
stercus accidit
"i have found the center of all paranoia: /x/ specifically, forum 3693264"
is finding info about cats
"anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone truly special to  catch your heart"
happy rama-hana-qwanz-mas everybody! xd
half day tomorrow!
the other day i *accidentally* found out you can change your background on the school's computers
dead fish go with the flow... but i'm not dead yet.
hot green tea = nom nom nom (^_^)
"i asked someone to prom but the way she answered was kind of a ""maybe, if conditions change"", but i should have expected that, she's too gentle when trying to say anything similar to no"
"go-se, i'm bad at this."
"guys subconcsiously translate ""let's take a break"" into ""let's break up for a little bit"""
i now use only 9 facebook apps and websites
anyone know how to write macros for the firefox add-on imacros?  i'm trying to delete my facebook apps and doing it manually will take forever.
"if it looks like there's nothing to worry about, that's when you really  have to worry. -anon."
"i don't like ""taking a break"" because it feels like breaking up"
a very <propfemale> unbirthday to you!
"i should probably fix my pstwo at some point in time, since i took it apart already"
"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.- <propfirst> 3:16(niv)i would like to take this opportunity to advise against flaming. thank you."
"""to love is to be  vulnerable"" - cs <propfirst>"
oh no.  my avionics are down.  time to start screaming.  aaaaaah!
my curiosity is going to get me killed one of these days.
"apparently we're ""taking a break"", i hate that phrase"
"teen camp starts tomorrow, no computer, phone, or even command-line terminal for a week (43.07827,-74.200337)"
"by the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes. ~sheakespeare"
trial by fire: it will either kill you or make you stronger
"""i have known many happy  marriages, but never a compatible one. the whole aim of marriage is to  fight through and survive the instant when incompatibility becomes  unquestionable"" - g.k. chesterton"
"if you accept what someone else has said about you as true it becomes true, but if you deny it with every fiber of your being it continues to be false"
i missed most of the part where mosfet gets camera time http://is.gd/hvnp1 (@adafruit live at http://ustre.am/2fh2)
so... i heard you like mudkips
"shelter mewith sweet escapei'm looking for a place to run to hide inside-shelter me mercury by project 86"
"remember, remember the fifth of november/the gunpower treason and plot/i know of no reason why the gunpower treason should ever be forgot. happy guy fawkes day!"
"guys subconsciously translate ""let's take a break"" into ""let's break up for a little bit"""
"at this general moment in time i am watching fullmetal alchemist, darker than black, claymore, and mushi-shi."
"depression is anger without motivation, it's like having an empty beer  bottle with no one to throw it at."
wanting to talk to someone but not knowing what to say is an interesting feeling
"i bought a ""new"" computer with windows xp service pack 1 for $10 and it apparently has a trojan in the hibernation file, which makes me wonder 1, how did it get there? 2, will deactivating, deleting and reactivating hibernation remove it ?"
some days it seems like nobody can see or hear me
"the snow's gone, but it's still a byte cold"
"i know that there was something interesting that was going to happen today, i just can't remember what"
"<propfemale> at broadalbin-perth high school friday & saturday at 7:00, sunday at 2:00, i think"
you are faced with a choice; jump out the window and join the hoard of undead or pick up your grenade launcher and start shooting
"some times i'll send a message that is a big run-on sentence, that's just because that's the raw information, unedited"
how effective would turning a small fridge into a ac unit be?
fb chat fail!!!
felt like a zeddie the whole day :(
i'm learning a bit about discus-throwing from a good friend of mine.
"""eat right. exercise regularly. die anyway."" -anonymous"
"i try to avoid large bodies of water, they don't seem to like me"
my ip can only be traced to the general area of broadalbin :d kekeke
"i think i may have removed most of my emotions.  no, i did not turn myself into one of the cybermen."
apparently if you tell a slow computer to eject a flash drive then remove it too quickly it might give you the bsod
"if you have been comfortable all your life, you're living wrong"
so a darkish grey hat hacked palin's computer looking for incriminating evidence?  what exactly was he/she looking for?
i'm seriously considering being a luddite technological time just unfolded and released messages that had been sent earlier
"the usa is broken, <propfemale>'s broken, russia's broken, all the countries are broken together we make one big broken, rotting, corrupted planet.  that's why people search for extraterrestrial life"
"remember, remember, the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot, i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot ~v(i think)"
???
"so, the one thing i learned from my relationship with my ex is that you can't be friends with your ex"
geek vocab word of the day: arduino
"i have to say, my favorite character so far in ""something wicked this way comes"" is <propmale> nightshade, the dark grey hat"
you cannot dance with darkness and expect to be unharmed ~unknown
someone left a prototype iphone at a bar?  was this intentional?
is going to west chazy for the weekend
"i changed my mind, i am currently making it so very few apps on fb can access my personal data, that includes all games"
i can now say that my ex is screwed up
"apparently my ex's boyfriend wants to fight me(i know of monkeys with better grammar) the prospect sounds... entertaining, should i accept his offer?"
"""this is how much god loved the world: he gave his son, his one and only son. and this is why: so that no one need be destroyed; by believing in him, anyone can have a whole and lasting life."" (<propfirst> 3:16 the message)"
artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
"hmm, the only way to delete your fb account is to ask them to delete it for you"
for every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
ow.
"""people only think i'm wrong because my path of logic is illogical to every logical person."" -anonymous"
i think anarchy would be fun
what in the world is going on here?!
random stuff
"the worst pain a man can suffer: to have insight into much and power over nothing.herodotus"
history is just one bloody thing after another. ~anonymous
compiling.
"it's beauty that captures your attention; personality which captures your heart. -anonymous"
"<propfirst> dlugas has apparently not only fallen for my ex's propaganda and decided that i'm evil, he is also dating her now.  i pity him."
my phone had a stroke. so it goes.
"""ah! curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!"" -firefly ep. 1"
"life is a dance; sometimes you have a partner, and sometimes you don't have a partner"
"i did not feel any remorse when i stopped dating my ex, those of you who know me know her propaganda is false, if you have even heard it"
"my phone had a stroke, they're sending me a new sim for my old phone(3-7 days), then i have to call them again and wait on hold(lucyphone acts odd with them)"
"love is like racing across the frozen tundra on a snowmobile which flips over, trapping you underneath. at night, the ice-weasels come.<propmale> robbins, half asleep in frog pajamas (1994), p. 103. in the book, it is a beat poem written by the main character's mother."
no school!!! (^_^)
may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. so it goes.
"you're afraid of making mistakes. don't be. mistakes can be profited by. man, when i was young i shoved my ignorance in people's faces. they beat me with sticks. by the time i was forty my blunt instrument had been honed to a fine cutting point for me. if you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and you'll never learn. -farenheit 451, <propfirst> bradbury"
"the beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.<propfirst> merton"
"hmm... i've decided to use skype, i'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing"
?´-`?.?oo( i wish i hadn't lost that chunk of code )
"the woman was made of a rib out of the side of <propfirst>; not made out of his head to rule over him, nor out of his feet to be trampled upon by him, but out of his side to be equal with him, under his arm to be protected, and near his heart to be beloved.<propfirst> <propfirst> in commentary on the whole bible, vol. 1, under <propfemale> 2:21"
"love is a minefield. you take a step and get blown to pieces, put yourself back together again and stupidly take another step. i guess that's human nature. it hurts so much to be alone that we'd all rather blow up than be single.<propfemale> welles (famke janssen) in love & sex (2000) :)"
"given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, i would choose pain.<propfirst> faulkner"
rawr rawr rawr
"if you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your own estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.~marcus aurelius"
"you can build a throne with bayonets, but you can't sit on it for long. ~ <propmale> yeltsin"
grrr!
"i only stayed away for a month and a half, more or less. :("
does anyone know if bp has driver's <propmale>?
"i was watching ask an engineer and during the q&a bit a guy said that he wasn't a ""nerd"" and he was interested in a girl that was.i feel bad for him. partly because he had loser in his username(i hope he only goes on aae with that <propmale>)"
don't *ever* use a propane torch to remove components from a circuit board. bad things happen. (<.<)
"go-se, i lost the game"
it's 10/10/10?
my life tends to be slightly ironic
"""drag this to your toolbar so you can see what your friends are doing..."" hmm... it's happening already :|"
"well, official fb chat fail"
i got 25.64576% on the geek test :)
"i never want to do that again, it's too... shocking."
"watching ""ask an engineer"""
"i'm beginning to loathe fb, i decided to check out an app and it posted without showing me first"
"""i'm sorry but i'm just thinking of the right words to say, i know they don't sound the way i planned them to be"" -the promise (anberlin)"
the automated installer doesn't work. now i have to do it manually. and all i wanted to do was use gcc on windows! :'(
<propfemale> <propmale> is in the ask an engineer chat!
"dunbar's number. your brain says ""you can only have 150 friends.  i won't accept any more."""
