212
5a101c5f310d164214e527722d0df685
35
+
i cant wait till tomoz. afternoon with friends will be amazing and the evening with family and friends . it will indeed be nice yeyyyyyyyyyyy
ive been at relies all day. its soooo hot i hate this heat. looking forward to starting college now.
hmmm :|
"having alot of trouble with this damn game, girls and war games should not mix :|"
bored bored bored im meeting <propfirst> we are coming to get peeps out.
all my neighbours on farmville have dissappeared
so many parties in the last week they have all been amazing but i need to rest im foooooooked. i sound so manly thismorning
"pfffffff, boooreddddd........"
"job hunting, wondering if that ""all japaneese place"" will hire a blonde :d"
"cant stop laughing, it hurts :d"
boshhhhhh take that suckerrrrrrrr
has only gone and put hairspray under her arms instead of deodorant...:\
i gave blood today. they took an armfull
great weekend. lots of fun with fun people.
bryony is bored...and misses her foot being fondled by nycole....
when was our story board thing in for <propfemale>?
oh what to do with an 8 and 10 yearold? :s
flashing that poor grandma and <propfemale> unable to run from laughing too much :d dam my chest and loose zip
wow what a weekend. and a great week coming up too i cant wait . blackpool with sarahhhhhhhhhhhhh
just seen the film 2012. it was so good :d
kruid notens :\....bedankt!
"is quitting biology, its not what she thought it would be :)"
facebook raped :)
college is open but is anyone actually going?
hope its a snow day tomorrow :d (y)
17 and i still dont know how to do alot of things...its worrying.
"exam first thing on my day off, an unsuccessful day at job hunting and to top things off got pooed on by a bird (n)"
fed up waitinggg... i want this certificate.
would gladly have sunburn...fed up of the cold
<propmale> schwartzinegger; i have just found out its true...how could he let himself be seen as pregnant in a movie..what ever i felt for him has gone!
small talk is so shit...grouchy much
mine and becca's tuppence a special moment for the both of us x
i swear all you are capable of saying is lol...its stupid
"aand it all starts again... :\, woop de do, monday"
well...last night was eventful :l
":d, well bryony is chirpy :) getting the christmas tree down allready, bit early but i love decorations!!"
"got het <propmale> back from cooper, mums putting every final piece on the walls (y)"
"aaarrrg, swimming yesterday and i had to go and eat a huge dinner...i now feel like a flump."
"seriously what is the point in homework, home time is chill time, not <propfemale> on school time :)"
"omg geaety night, i actuallt love these guys :) you're amazing, i'm finnallly perffect :) yey xxxxx"
...well that was friendly
loves <propfemale> greenal lots :d
love the sunshineee :d
"finally :), it took long enough :)"
"love love, there'll be today :d x"
"off on an adventure...we're going on a bear hunt, we're going to catch a big one, what a beautiful day. i'm not scared"
"falling asleep on a hammock in the garden on your side = half a red face, waking up falling off it and laughing like a tit :) good job"
"must stop getting fraped by <propfemale> ashmore-harris and <propfirst> <propmale> :|...just described her smoking hot pizza as ""omfg, thats as hot as my boyfriend..ouch!!"""
just got fraped by <propfemale>....
"sarahs nutty ;), hopefully the bubbles will work tomorrow :)"
is stuck in holland because of volcanic ash...flights cancelled till monday afternoon...
had a great night happy birthday to mr davies :) met some epic people x
"i wish andreano was my instuctor when we go skiing :(, nycole scourfield is getting some love ;) xx"
is scared of a cartoon and being comforted by an 8 year old :d
needs to chill out a bit
"i had a great night tonight, thanks for everyone for coming :d goood night.......bryony <propfemale> price needs to sleep :d she's working in the morning :d xxx"
is actually extreamly happy :d:d:d!!.
getting the new kitten on friday :d
"just got back from london with a coach load of actors and singers, saw legally blonde at the theatre it was awsome!"
"if a turtle and a tortoise had a baby, would it be a tortle?"
people who talk down to you are not worth it :)
4 days till results....4days to see which way my life goes..nervous is an understatement for how i'm feeling :'(
well spank me silly and call me a flapjack
nope...i cant dance to save my life :)
arm throbs like a bitch
"eeeee finally 18, thanks to everyone for the birthday messages :d xx"
hamster...anyone? going once...going twice?
in holland with my fiancé!
when doing childcare at college (full time) how many days a week are you in college and placement? any info on this would be greatly appreciated x
"ok, anyone in the group who is coming to see the film 'vampires suck' where and when are we meeting please? thankyou x"
"whats better...doing something that could be concidered dangerous, that will make you happy....or doing something thats safe but you don't enjoy?"
worst week everrr..
nice little outing with nycole and becky....twat for burning my finger :d
"has packed her bag..its far too big, and has all the information about the trip thanks to <propfemale> today :)"
ok 2 months ago i used hairspray instead of deoderant...now its antiseptic spot cream instead of toothpaste....fml!
not looking forward to carting this monitor around with me for the next few days :(
<propmale> the pervert..and <propmale> brucklebank :) he was so fit with his one tooth
"has had a great afternoon out, sunburnt a little"
"feeling kinda left out today, missing switzerland tbh and my mates :\"
leaving a big bowl full of nutella at the breakfast buffet is such a bad idea when i'm about...sorry i hogged it kiddies x
"omg pink was awsome!! had the best night ever!...""a small guitar means whaaaat!?"""
"oh <propfirst> bagnall you have cheered me up tonight :) thankyou darling, oh and btw you cant have him ;)"
"right please, i'm doing a bet and i need your wink faces pleeeaaasssseee ;) just one message with a wink is all it takes"
a very busy decision making week ahead :) bring it on
someone got into my face book....not cool :@
just lost the game...
is looking forward to spain.....i really can't wait
<propfirst> payne in response to your text; hahahahhhhahahahahahahahah!!! she'll be gutted and we'll be unable to breath from laughing...r.i.p rrb
is shaking the milk when you take it out of the fridge before using it wierd?
*sighs* there's so much nice food in the house but i can't touch untill <propmale> <propfirst> nijnatten  gets here.....*grumble*
looking forward to the film :)
eeee cant wait for tomorrow!!
family just bought a £130 cat play house.....that cat is spoilt
ever get that feeling that although you've slept you havn't rested :(
cant wait till tomorrow :)...knee swollen up again   d:
there is not one fat disney princess....disgusting!
"<propfemale> bradbury..well...oil...beef...hooked, you kn ow you loved it!"
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrggghhhhhhhtttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no mother...is you get a hairless cat you can not call it scrote! :o
quite happy testing eriks new cocktails :d
now stuck till monday evening in holland...:s
cant sleep....
its difficult to revise when microsoft word is in dutch and i have no clue how to change it...-.-
"totally shocked to see <propfemale> ashmore-harris  at the airport yesterday, she was lovely enough to give me a skin flake <3 :}"
"guten morgen frau hickman,wie gehts?gut danke and ihnen?<propfemale>! geht mir gut gefalt!!!*<propfemale> likes it semi....mow mow mow"
"whats better...doing something that could be concidered dangerous, that will make you happy....or doing something thats safe  but you don't enjoy?"
"dear twattish blonde guy,wow, somebody has a huge ego, look mate you're not fit and when you stole that drink i actually wanted to hurt you it's lucky you were dragged away by your fellow arse head mates to the dance floor because i was ready to make you cry you massive douche!sincerely bryony."
still awake...
"don't you just hate that mini spazz attack you have in bed just before you're about to go to sleep, it feels like your falling?"
has had a lush day tbh :)....appart from getting insulted by a 5 year old with jack...bad times!
"finally got the kitten. he is so affectionate its unreal, i'm actually in love <3"
"is loving being at home, not so loving the amount of work"
"well, long week ahead..."
"wow, big crater in the side of my knee fun  fun fun!!!! :d"
has a rather cloudy head right now. needs to have a little think :). ught work tomorrow
christmas shopping......done :d
how about i tattoo your face onto my face then i can look like you :d
"police are going around pubs and clubs saying that we cant wear our england tops 4 the footie & gotta take the flags down as it is upsetting the people that dont come from here!! now i'm not racist, but this is taking the piss! this is our country and we need 2 make a stand. if you/they dont like it go away! would you remove ur turban & burkha because it upsets me, if you agree post this as ur status"
"hahahaha tensil tonnis :d, i still cant believe you face planted the door, oh you ""posh bastard""......nice little slap there, you must of had an extended arm <3"
i need to sneeze but it's taking ages face <3 you
hates ignorance!
seriously considering deleting facebook....it's stupid!
is it really really pathetic to say i miss my cat :'( <3
i cry at the 9/11 tribute program on t.v every year :'(
aaaarrrrggghhh!! being a kid was so much easier!!
come on snow!
"yey wedding soon, cant wait...tried to fit into my river boat cruise dress, could hardly breath and broke it :( gutted ...need to wake up and get in the mood - knackered though, what a fatty"
you know when your diet has officially started when the rest of your family are munching on fish and chips and you refrain yourself :-)
good times!
"great night with <propfemale> <propfirst>, nycole scourfield, <propfemale> cross and <propfemale> <propfirst> :d, garden hopping and the man from next door watching us :d"
needs coffee...seriously cant live without it atm
"i just want to curl up and die, my tummy hurts so much :("
"all the good things in life are either illegal, immoral or fattening :\"
its horrible how long the night actually is when you can't sleep...got so bored i went on a run nice
"keep your <propfemale> up darling, it will be over soon then things will really take off :) xx"
is currently with <propfemale> ashmore-harris and <propfirst> <propmale> :d
is being convinced by an 8 year old that i should buy starwars lego....oh yeah :p
"if ive failed, bridging week will just be one big waste of time :(...gutted"
"christmas is going to be hectic...4 days untill it all starts, so much to do, so little time arrrgghht!"
i like playing with my piss flaps.
paint on a little toenail as i don't have one....capital gained tax is so unfair taking 40% is so wrong how can you cheat the sytem? paying in alittle at a time or does it would that not work?
saw a sting <propfirst> in the sea and freaked out thinking that my fate would be that of <propmale> erwin....fml
anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
congratulations <propmale> <propfirst> nijnatten i'm so proud of you! officially a pilot now <3
"you're just one of those people that are now very easy to dislike, stop being so full of yourself you're rally not that great"
"nice little look at some turtles, found a hidden beach in some caves, and was nibbled by some hungry fish...scary experience i must say"
must get into driving again :)
bryony price and <propfirst> stanfords livers' hate them
i fancy <propfirst> <propmale> very much she is a sexy beast n is hardcore in bed ;)
are you single and looking for love? i'm married and looking for cake
"just got back from the gig, feeling drousy :)"
"d:  what is the world coming to, ive lost my mascara!!!"
wow...if the cat winces when he smells my feet....they really must be bad :s
had a fight with a vending machine...obviously i won
"wow some people are really hypocritical, patronising and contradictive :'("
"dear slags at the bar,i'd appreciate it if you didnt accidently-on-purpose spill water over your boobs and cackle like hyenas on heat...an keep your legs closed if you pleaseyours truely,the scowling girl in the corner"
expecting the jourey home to be much longer....not too bad :)
ooooh dear :'(
has dropped a knife on her little toe :'(
has just had the wierdest day at work ever...
fraped pipa 'beepa' moran ...and woke up with <propfemale> ashmore-harris  cuddling her arm
"walkers crisps, halfing the bag is one thing, but making the packet look big by adding more air?!.....you're not fooling anyone ;)"
"hi diet, welcome back... ive missed you"
"mua ha ha, i knew i'd find you eventually..and...stalk"
"right, apparently, if you run too fast instead of burning chubb you end up doing a cardio vascular excercise, is there truth in this because if so, ive been out of breath, getting up early and damn near killing myself for nothing!"
"dear customers,having a person that smiles and says please and thankyou costs so little but means so much...having a person poke you for attention when clearly your busy, call the shop pathetic for not having the size they want and rudely forgetting manners makes me hate your guts....thanks <3"
"wow <propfirst>, crocks and socks thats going to take hold sooon :')"
oh bryony.....never drink again \:) ahahhaaa
"fish, chips and chocolate trifle vs slimfast and fruit 1-0 bollocks!"
ahhhh sun burn
"pigs in blankets, pizza and a <propmale> from switzerland....eeeeep :("
trout tickling is actually a sport not a sexual inuendo...
cant stop smiling :)
"pppfffft, great, just great..."
been for a run...didnt actually stop. legs like jelly :)
"ha you batty little dork, when did you start using slang words to fit in..:')"
green gnomes....if you understand you know what i'm asking?
"monday 24th january, holland get ready for me :d"
"reckons anti-wrinkle cream doesn't work. if it did, women wouldn't have any fingerprints."
"went to see the last airbender with <propfemale> ashmore-harris, we really shouldn't have laughed at the bit ""there are only 5 benders left, use him wisely""...good times"
the bit in monsters inc where they end up in the back where the bedroom doors are kept was so inspired by the you've been framed intro
cereal or eggs?
"got all filthy making a bow and arrow for <propfemale>, it's suprisingly good and fires about 15 meters. i was covered in mud, mini slugs and old leaves"
i cant actually get over the wierd conversations we had last night lol!
excited much!! ahaa :d
this time tommorrow i will know if i'm one big failure...
"lol, you're not only anti-jew your anti psychic octopus"
"anyone able to swap with me tomorrow ive got a bbq to go to and its tomorow, this is to the sunday guys xx"
"oh essays, how i have missed you over summer <3..."
finally going to bed
so if you cut out all salt and carbs in your diet it makes you have no fat and just muscle? hmm good idea but i like cake
found out that i'm only 5'6.5 not 5'7.5 ....
"i want a house, thats big, with a modern living room and a corner sofa. and a fish tank that devides the living room and the kitchen  ( a neon fish tank...with stingrays in it) and a little kitten called <propfirst>!!"
i just pooed all over the kitchen floor then wipped my butt on the curtains.
g
has a cold...feels pretty crappy damn you cold weather!
"<propfirst> is giving me a lecture about plastic bags, maths, <propmale>, the cats feelings, spanish and putting things in the bin and model trains......*cries softly* fml"
never eating pizza again...ever! bluurr
cant breath from laughing....
"dear 8 year olds, get off of facebook and go back to club penguin!"
feels very unwell with a high temperature :(
"had a bad reaction to a sting or a bite off something, my foot has gone all red :( fml it hurts to walk!"
"""mmm this garlic bread is fun and much prettier than carrots"" wow my dutch is good :p"
had a lovely strole with <propmale> whiting to his car only to be dropped back off at work it was....magical :')
so gingers are genetically inferior....wow
is quitting college...and is so sure about her decision :)
had an absolutely awsome time in airkix with my lovely <propmale> :d
<propfemale> 'batchel' large becca armstrong  bouncy castle ftw! :d
i like our <propmale> potter cheesy chat up line <propfemale> may hewston ;)
i like cheesy nipples <3
"ok here's the thing....i had a few jegarmeister shots on my 18th and thought it was a great idea to get a hamster yesterday.....i've got a new cage, ball, food, hamster bed and bedding and sawdust (1 months worth) selling for £30...did pay £45 for it....anyone....anyone interested?....the hamster is a syrian female 8 weeks old and she's white and"
"ok here's the thing....i had a few jegarmeister shots on my 18th and thought it was a great idea to get a hamster yesterday.....i've got a new cage, ball, food, hamster bed and bedding and sawdust (1 months worth) selling for £30...did pay £45 for it....anyone....anyone interested?....the hamster is a syrian female 8 weeks old and she's white and <propfemale>"
currently sat with <propfemale> ashmore-harris on the sofa laughing and watching bb
now i know i'm going back to college..ive got homework to do...yey
and its soon to be the start of another rubbish week. bring it on
is hoping that work will be decent.
i'm an impulsive go-getter....bite me ;)
passes out....zzzz
so excited about seeing everyone again. so not looking forward to starting holiday homework
anyone else still awake?
"wow, i pull the most attractive faces when i stretch"
"very happy, :) smiling and feeling pretty peachy"
"yey, working tomorrow, the next day and the next :d"
if you want to play it like a game well come on come on lets play..
"dear friend,i don't really know how to tell you this, but i'm in love with your cat. i think i realised it when i quoted <propmale> gump, at the mental hospital and i saw you sit on my knee caps. i'm sure you're senile enough to understand that... i'm allergic to your earlobes. i'm returning the false teeth to you, but i'll keep your photo with the mustache drawn on it as a memory."
how about a get a tattoo of your face on my face coz then i could look like you!  :3
<propfemale> ashmore-harris do you fancy comeing around for a *wiggles little finger* b<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
why will nothing load....aaaaggghhrghhhghgh!!!!!!!
"the box said ash blonde.......not gray!!! fml, hopefully it will fade"
whats that series coming out in october called? its about a chinese woman who's an assassin and her husband gets murdered so she goes all crazy killing people
"slipped on a slug jogging this morning and <propmale> my knee, it still hurts fml"
"""urght, i'm not in that kind of mood, i've got a headache.....""""well i've got enough mood for the both of us"" ;)"
behind every successful man is a surprised woman.
"if you wanna play it like a game, well come on, come on lets play!"
"dear icebergs,sorry to hear about the global warming. <propfemale>'s a bitch.                   sincerely, the titanic"
bed right away! <3
lol at the inbetweeners!
"imagination is more important than knowledge. knowledge is limited. imagination encircles the world. ~albert einstein"
last summer we set up a clinic for colonic irrigation......but the hose pipe ban hit us hard
"rolling around naked in money, hellz yeah."
it's so frustrating when you try and point to where something has gone that your cats lost...and the little twit only looks at your finger!
routine contradictions like snowflakes in the rain.
wow....there's a mouthwash called retardex...lmfao!
:\...
"dear cameras,at different angles i take photos why do you add weight to my face? there is no reason to do this and it makes nobody happy.yours faithfully bryony"
"oh i love that little fake pose you do, just reminds me how truely pathetic you were :')"
last day over at work...  :p
decided she wants a fennec fox as a pet :d
dancing like a loon in eriks room to neunundneunzig luftballons!! :d
!!!!!....just lost the game :\
"dont have sex, because you will get pregnant.....and die! <3"
oh wagner why! why are you still in!
man gets an ipod....woman gets an iron :(
can't wait for <propfemale> judge's gangster party :d and also knows the perfect gift (dead shrew optional)
birthdays on tuesday.....:( wait till the weekend! :d:d
"""but, but bryony maybe three of us could""""lies!"" *evil laugh""...what?""""its ok keep the pretty <propmale> girl to yourself"""
"""vat is vis all de gold and red and green in your shop?! ver are de other colours? dis is too limited!""...well, it's christmas...these and christmassy colours, it will continue to get more festive""!!!...*massive sigh*"""
glad to be seeing her man next week for 3 weeks solid :)
"12 days untill i go to holland :o wow that came around quick, i cant wait"
"would rather like to have another day at the cooper school, :), good times"
"haha, and you think you're a pimp....that's made my day :')"
ah frapes :')
oh <propfirst> <propmale> why are we so the same? *smothers giggles*
"is cooking with <propfemale> ashmore-harris...hoping to make a cake, lets see what happens ;)"
whats the full name of our manager <propfemale>? i'm doing a leaving notice letter
"don't be someone your not just to be liked...always be yourself, things are better that way :)"
overtime...you life saver! :d
"yey dutch <propfemale> the explorer dvd's, thanks <propmale> <3 x"
"omg, crying my eyes out at x factor ""we can be heroes"" :'("
"today is the tomorrow you were worried about yesterday. it really isn't bad, no point in worrying, live life to the full, forget the ones who try and break you down."
"mum ""no bryony that's not a bit of garden it's a bayleaf"""
woooo hoooo tonights gunna be a good night
"ok are you encouraging me to dress up as a bunch of grapes because:it's great ideai'm the special child tht you feel sorry for and want to loveyou just want to laugh at me?""<propfemale> why is your cat in a bowl?""""it's not a cat, i'm defrosting a chicken"":')"
"omg i just love the difference between <propfirst> dixeys  snow/skateboarding and mine...it's like ""woah, i can spin and go fast and even step off gracefully at the bottom"" and that ""woah, i can wobble alot then fall flat on my arse in 3 seconds"" yash! skill...pure skill"
going to the gig. <propfemale> ashmore-harris is around. making noise up the stairs giggling
"""my <propfemale> just found out about the accident and crapped herself""""omg...she actually pooed!""""roflmfao"""
"oh christ, work will be fun....i'm so tired :("
oooh frapes!
i love donkey willys slapped across my face mmm :) soothing.
"your cactus is so emo......""that's because it's dead"""
"is worried <propmale> wont be able to make it here for christmas....please snow, wait abit longer :("
the body decided to get up at 7 this morning.....the mind however was back at the bar
with your scintillating mind and my fantastic creativity who knows what we could do =d
must have burnt over 2000 calories walking up and down the stairs well over 40 times in a row
lost 4 pounds...yey :)
thank god you can get the last train... phew...only 2 hours to go :d
"yesterday: door + bryony = bump on the headtoday      : cupboard + bryony = old bruised bump and new red bump on the head:("
oooh don't you just hate it when you've just finished putting on mascara....and you sneeze.... lovely little black verticle lines on my cheek -.-'
wall-eee...eeeeevaaa... <3
i've ran out of comebacks so i'm going to correct your spelling :)
"just had a debate with <propmale> <propfirst> nijnatten ""if you swallowed a fish live, would you feel it swimming around in your belly before it got dissolved?"".... i think yes :)"
happily looking forward to playing with my fat hamster :d
"r.i.p <propfemale> d, you will be missed <3"
"why is my hamster suicidal i swear he comesup with new ways to try and die every day!"
"made a hamster run out of boxes, bottles and toilet tubes :') oh i'll never grow up"
"damn, i just lost the game...."
is nice enough to tell you if you have a black mascara eye bogie :)
back in bicester :)
"oh, bryony had a fantastic night, saw loads of people, and i love you all :d feel abit tipsy....not going to lie :} xx"
"please, somebody get a rolling pin and squash the cricks out of my back....i'm in pain :("
almost dropped my hamster into boiling stew... mmm
"right i need to get to the gym more, i feel like a whale and my wpm has definitely gone up :("
"talks too much, plays too much and trips too much :)"
was talking about a deep fat fryer in her sleep :').... oh i'm abit of a special.
"sex with a geek is the best, geeks have seen all the porn you can imagine and are less likely to be shocked by your exotic requests."
"24 degrees today, pink face and chest for it :), woo first sunburn of the year ftw!"
"vinny: *bites bryonys fingerbryony: ouch!1-0bryony: *bites vinnys ear*vinny: wtf?!1-1your move hamster!"
