555
4717ae67c4c469d13ab7d7fa53a4d632
34
+
i miss <propfemale>!!!!
<propmale> butler is a god.
"bonefishhhhh for mad <propmale>'s birthday, woot woot :)"
i don't even know...
"""get on it, or get over it"" ---- hands down the best advice i've ever recieved, i love you, <propfemale>!!"
work will  be hell today...
watching sleepy hollow :)
(: happy
i hate when the past has to be something that's holding you back.
work soon. closing. fml.
"""it don't matter as long as you get where you're going; 'cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going.  they tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring, even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning."" (;"
i think <propmale> <propmale> has to be the sexiest person ive ever seen. mmm mmm
gonna be a great night with some freakin' amazing people.
"""it's not a contest and i ain't on no conquest for no mate, i wasn't looking but i stumbled onto you must've been fate. but so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take? let's cut to the <propmale>, but a door shuts in your face. promise me if i cave in and break and leave myself open, that i won't be making a mistake."""
had a good night and morning with my boys (: about to get to fixin' my beater up with the dik.
"let's start something we can't finish. let's go somewhere that leads to nowhere. but when this all falls apart, all i ask is you remember one thing: i gave a fuck, when no one else did."
"day date with <propfemale> horton, had a good sleepover with the boys again<3 seeyah all at the ob."
"with <propfemale> horton, had an amazing day, time to surprise the best boys in the world<3"
"spending the night with my best friends, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> sutliff, and <propfirst> riggio. movies and lokos<3333 oh yeah, and fuck off (: i'm doneeeee."
"realized i'm too old to be fucked around, and that i've had what i needed all along<3 prove to me you're worth it, and i'll show you that you are."
"i'm so fly, oh my, it's a little bit scary (;"
<propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo is a sexy bitch.
"gettin' ready for work, chillin' with my boo <propfemale> until then<3"
really would like if people would stop hijacking her account.
royally pissed about my schedule right now.
"i am the one you denied, pushed me off everytime i tried; but i'm alright. i'm able to swallow my pride, and put all the bullshit to the side.  if you're ready to ride, i'm down for a one night stand, i'll accept it anyway that i can, 'cause i ain't your man. i'll try for whatever its worth, just remember who played who first (;"
beach.
"fuck accidents. fuck stitches. fuck shots. morphine's cool though, slept for almost 24 hours. glad we're all okay (: i love <propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo and <propfemale> zerbo<3"
"sore as fuck, work in a couple hours. who do you know who could get into a car accident and go back to work 2 days later? this girl. fml."
"i'm gonna do what i can to make myself happy, if you wanna be happy with me, it's your choice. if not, i'm not gonna waste my time any longer. life's too short, and you're just too much of a disappointment."
"awake, and workin to a powerclose with roberttttt (: no sleeeeeep."
"watching ""something to talk about"", at 8:57 in the morning. no sleep, and starting the day with a <propfemale> roberts movie, not a good omen."
time goes by so fast; people go in and out of your life. you must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.
"had a really good day (: with <propfemale> in the am, with my bros for the night<3"
"""i don't know what it is about you. maybe it's the way nothing else matters when we're talking, or how you make me smile more than anyone else has. it's a possibility that it's the little looks you give me when you think no one else is watching. or it could be the way you say the right thing at exactly the right time. but whatever it is, i just want you to know that it means everything to me."""
<propfirst> fields is ganna have the best birthday ever!
"tonight's gonna be a good night (: with <propfemale> horton, <propfemale>, and the boysssss (:"
"shopping day with <propfemale>, work, then ocala tonight (;"
"""but i've been unable to put you down. i'm still learning things i ought to know by now. it's under the table so i need something more to show somehow."""
"i told myself i won't miss you, but i remember what it feels like beside you. i really miss your hair in my face, and the way your innocence tastes; and i think you should know this, you deserve much better than me."
"picked up a shift, and is seriously already regretting it."
<propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo is a sexy bitchhhhh
"""i remember the stupid things, the mood rings, the bracelets and the beads; nickels and dimes, yours and mine, did you cash in all your dreams? you don't dream for me, no, you don't dream for me, no. but, i still feel you pulse like sonar from the days in the waves. that girl is like a sunburn, i would like to say; the girl is like a sunburn ."""
third eye blind has the tendency to make me think far too much.
"""i wonder how's it going to be when it goes down. how's it going to be when you're not around. how's it going to be when you found out there was nothing, between you and me, because i don't care.""<3"
"had a successful morning, now to work<3"
watching movies with katieeeeee<3
"""i know it's probably best for us to go our separate ways, 'cause i know i'm gonna fuck up again anyway. but in my heart i want you to stay, but once you fuck up this shit can never be straight. i'm dead ass wrong, i ain't got shit to say; bet you think i didn't give a fuck anyway."" <3"
"""when i'm with somebody, all i think 'bout is you. when i'm all alone, that's all i wanna do. i miss the smiling faces in my sidekick, outta town visits, all the time we spent together makes it hard to get you outta my system."""
"""music starts playing like the end of a sad movie; it's the kind of ending you don't really wanna see. 'cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down. still i don't know what to be without you around."""
"and i hope the sun shines and it's a beautiful day. and something reminds you, you wish you had stayed. we can plan for a change in weather and time, but i never planned on you changing your mind. so, i'll go, sit on the floor wearing your clothes; all that i know is i don't know, how to be something you miss."
"""it's you that i really want, & we can do what you really want. girl we grown & if he ain't gonna treat you right, then i ain't gonna treat you wrong. that's my word, & she done heard so many lies, she don't know what's true or not. shawty like a valet service, i swear she been through a lot. but, i put her car in park & never let her cry alone; i listen to her heart beat because it plays my favorite song."""
excited for some <propfemale> and <propmale> time<3
"i see your face in my mind as i drive away, 'cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way. people are people, and sometimes we change our minds. still it's killing me to see you go after all this time."
can't imagine today being a good day...
"pick yourself up, and move on."
and i don't see how you could ever be anything but mine.
you never know what you have until you realize that it's not always going to be there.
"tonight's gonna be a good, good night <3"
"when the past calls, let it go to voicemail; it's got nothing new to say."
everything is good (:
"""well it's a winding road when your in the lost and found, you're a lover, i'm a runner; we go 'round 'n 'round. and i love you but i leave you. i don't want you but i need you. you know it's you who calls me back here baby."""
"i can go out every night of the week; can go home with anybody i meet. but it's just a temporary high. 'cause when i close my eyes, i'm somewhere with you."
had a good couple of nights/days with the best people i know(: things keep gettin' better<3
"tonight i'm gonna give in one last time, rock you strong in these arms of mine. forget all the regrets that are bound to follow. we're like fire and gasoline; i'm no good for you, you're no good for me. we only bring each other tears and sorrow. but tonight, i'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow."
"please take me by the hand, it's so cold out tonight. i'll put blankets on the bed, i won't turn out the light. just don't forget to think about me, and i won't forget you."
"hangover 2 tonight with <propfemale> horton, <propfemale> n. <propmale> hodges, and <propfemale> colon<3"
"if being free's worth what you leave behind, and if it's too late for love to change your mind; then it's goodbye time."
screammmmmm. with my zerbos<3
"heaven help the fool who did her wrong; it’s too late, too bad, she’s too far gone. he should’ve thought of that before he left her all alone; if she’s lonely now, she won’t be lonely long (;"
i love my bff <propfemale> horton with all my heart <3 (:
it's when things like this happen you realize it's best to leave things as they are.
what's on your mind?
i love you boo!-summer(:
i don't know what to think anymore.
i <3 vagggggggggg ;) get at me ladies
i want to eliminate xbox and every last copy of black ops in the state of florida. seriously.
2 new tattoossssss.  guess my boy is alright (;
"<propmale> zuccarini: $15-$30 tattoos. let <propfirst> know if interested. i'll have photos up soon. thanks, <propfirst>."
gettin' it together (:
workin' 5:30-11. fml.
"the boy's at work, and i'm awake for no reason whatsoever."
<propmale> sutliff and <propfirst> <propmale> are lazy little boys.
well work sucked tonight. atleast i got off an hour early?
<propmale> zuccarini <3
i can't wait to see <propfemale> horton tonight (:
i hope work goes better tonight than my morning has.
i hate <propmale> zuccarini for working night shift ):
tattoo night at the house. love it (:
such a damn good night (:
one day of rest and i feel almost human again (: thankkkkk god.
chillen with cheyanne <propmale> for a little while (:
chillen with the best (:
"pretty excited for a good night with my boo, friends, and family (: oh and to actually get through insidious without bitchin' out."
and somehow i end up by myself again. woohoo...
spending the night with my boyyyyy (:<3
<propmale> zuccarini <3
"you're alone at a strip club,use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile! do not cheat the pole dancer: <propmale> sutliff bartender: <propfirst> dooley person who tries to get you drunk: <propmale> greaux your wing man/woman: <propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo hottest person in the room:amber busto drunk person in the corner: <propmale> zuccarini person that gets arrested:nicole apicerni"
"going to make something to eat for the laziest boyfriend in the country, <propmale> zuccarini. (;"
finally at home with my boy after a very long night (:
"work at five, spending my extra time torturing my boyfriend (;"
watching my amazing boyfriend tat <propfirst> up (:
iloveyoubeautiful- <propfirst>
fuck you leftover sushi bistro. never again.
"thankful to have good friends, and a considerably amazing boyfriend (:"
i hate people that use facebook as their personal diary. stop bitchin'.
making my baby watch et. a few people know why thats so funny (:
work at 4. fml
made me remember.
i. need. sleep.   just realized i'm completely exhausted.
"i'd love to stay and chat, but you're a total bitch (:"
"let me give you some advice; take it with a grain of salt, only if it actually matters to you."
has anyone else fallen in love with the hot guy in the 5 hour energy commercials? (;
"""i don't know what it is about you. you've hurt me time after time; and still all i want is to be by your side."""
"getting ready, then work. blahhh."
"""i'm not the most religious guy, i sort of worship <propfirst> clapton and ochocinco."" hahahaha"
scratch that. haha.
feels weird to be home...
"with lisaaaaaaa. then work, dude."
"who am i to tell you, that i will never let you down? that no one else could love you, half as much as i do now? and who am i to tell you, i'll always catch you when you fall? well i, i wouldn't be myself at all."
"the truth is no one will ever take your place, i know that now."
had a greattttttttttt freakin' day with <propfemale> zerbo (:<3 love that girl!
"""baby, i love you, and i don't wanna break anymore promises, so i won't make them."" lmao (:"
you're an idiot...
"i'm not sure what this is, but i'm happy as hell for once (:"
"i can't believe this is real. i can't believe the memories could make me so happy and so sad all at once. i can't believe i took so much for granted. i didn't know it was possible to miss someone so much. i'll love you, always."
memories of you will never fade. i miss you more each day<3
getting ready then off to the ob until 10 /: trying not to think too much.
i am dreading coming back to inverness ):
"why did all the ""young, beautiful, and vanished"" girls go missing in florida? i love how shows like this take over my days off..."
"fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, and i'm a fucking idiot."
daytona for the day...
heading out to my girl's house (:
watching south park and it just doesn't feel right /: fuck you california.
consider how hard it is to change yourself. then you'll realize what a slim <propmale> you have in trying to change someone else.
"""no gonna last forever, smilin', dancin', laughin'. hey let me hear about how it really happened. play me something about drinkin', one about cheatin', a few about losin', lyin' and a-leavin' something where somebody did somebody wrong, but dont play me no love song."""
"how did i become so obnoxious? what is it with you that makes me act like this? i've never been this nasty. can't you tell that this is all just a contest? the one that wins will be the one that hits the hardest. but, baby i don't mean it. i mean it, i promise."
"it's hard to wait around for something that could never actually happen. but it's even harder to give up, when you know right now there is nothing else you could want more."
"been a good night (; work tomorrow at 5. hostess, fuckkkk."
yessss. good night(:
stand by me <3 i love river phoenix.
(901): stfu. i have awesome boobs. therfore i am bad at math.
ocala tomorrow with <propfirst> & the boys (:
the cutest <propfemale> in the world is on <propfemale> right now. awwe.
watching <propmale> burne with the biff <propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo <33333 oh yeahhhh.
all i can think about is how much i don't wanna be at outback today.
"long morning, after noon, evening, and now morning again. but can't complain much (: time for beddddd, finalllllly!"
"my new work grievance of the night:my schedule, wtf <propfemale>!?"
"music starts playin' like the end of a sad movie, it's the kinda ending you don't really wanna see. cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down, now i don't know what to be without you around."
watching beautiful girls(: still the best movie i've ever seen after all these years.
"frustrated, and i really don't even know why."
"oh <propmale> cooper, you are an amazing looking man <3"
thought about how we crossed that line; sneakin' out so we could be alone. it all happened right at the wrong time. and all i have left are memories; to remind me of what we'll never be.
may 27th please come soon. i need some <propfemale> and samanthaaaa.
they say love is pain and pain is love; i know ya momma mad cause you talk to a thug(;
"<propfirst>-""i should probably bring my axe.""nicole-""yeah, lumberjack <propfirst>..."""
"""not only did we embarass <propfirst>y <propfirst>, we let down the funky bunch!""<3 haaa."
8 mile<3
you don't know what i see in him? well i don't know what you don't.
"with @<propfemale> horton, we're off to work. bleh."
"""i'm not a begger but puh puh puh pleaseeee.""<--- lmfao, <propfemale> knows what i'm talking about (;"
movie with <propfemale> and <propmale> (:
"i want this forever, i swear i could spend whatever on it (:"
work. then true blood with <propfemale> and the boys (:
"""not me glasshouse, you glasshouse. you're the glasshouse!"" hahahhahahhahaha."
"eminem, no one will ever take your place in my life<3 that's a straight fact."
jersey shore <3
maybe this time i won't have to walk away from something and someone that is good for me<3
fammmmily guyyyyyyy.
"okay you're right, just let it go. okay you got it, it's in the can. before i played it, you knew my hand."
"went on a ""liking"" rampage because once again i cannot sleep. enjoy my thoughts (;"
"went to bed pissed, woke up happy (: love it."
clearwater with my zerbo girls (:
home from the loser's house (: sleeeeeeptime
"""you know you love someone when you wear a condom with all the other girls."" hahahhaa."
you are the only exception.
"""of course you can't have ""sexy man beast"" so you're gonna go with safe and boring boy. it's gonna be ""awwe look at the puppy cute"" not ""ohhh my godddd, look at that sexy beast!""<propfemale> likes to give life lessons, and i love her for it."
frostbitten at work. this is not a goodnight to be a togo hoe ):
"fine judge all you want to but, (points) married a lesbian, (points) left a man at the alter, (points) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points) threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, (points) live in a box!"
"and i don’t see how you could ever be, anything but mine..."
"""you don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me. well if i couldn't have it, silly rabbit, why you sweat me?"" (;"
"watching a movie with christian, then home. shopping in the am (:"
thanks to everyone so far (: my old ass appreciates it<3
tacobell with lisa...i'm so fucking amused right now (:
"i don't wanna work today, but at least i'll be with <propfemale> peri all night (:"
"whoever said you can't fuck up twice in one night? yeah, you! i proved you wrong."
i hate that i'll be at the ob until 10pm. but i'm happy <propmale> <propfirst> will be there (:
with <propfemale> and <propfemale> i suppose...
can not wait for tomorrow to get here (:
"""is there a 'how to hide your blaring lack of knowledge for dummies' because that's what you should have bought...""the league is amazing<3"
one more day at the ob. then cruise tomorrow. can't wait to get away! (:
off to the ob...until 11 tonight. killllll me now.
<propfemale> = bffl!!!!
i'm young and stupid and good at making bad decisions(;
i love all my zerbos <3 sooooo much.
can't wait for tomorrow to come<3
"you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be, and i don't wanna go home right now<3"
eydie & <propfemale> + champagne = my best friends forever!
couldn't be any happier with my life right now (:
"headache out of nowhere. phone, then sleeeeeep! still had a great day (:"
"in a bad place right now, and can't seem to shake it."
"after so long, it's gotta mean something. yah know?"
"i know what i should do, but i also know that i'm just not ready to let you go yet."
"""play cool."" (;"
i missed <propfemale> and <propfemale> niiiights. it's been far too long.
true blood marathon with amyyy. no sleep tonight.
"you're looking like a tool not a baller; you're acting like a chick, why bother? i can find someone way hotter, with a bigger, wow, well. 'cause i'm talkin' 'bout all the ways that you've messed up; you weren't smart enough to keep your stupid mouth shut. i'm so sick of it, i've had enough. (;"
i wish you were here.
papa has removed the <propmale> selleck. he looks like he's 12. hahahhahaha.
"days like this remind me why i support our troops. i miss my boys, and i love you all<3 oh, and thank you for everything."
<propmale> with the fam (:
"""people say that i'm a bad influence; i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin' to it."""
"i may be a little impatient, and i may jump into things without thinking ahead. i may take the people who really care about me for granted, and give everything i have to the people that couldn't care less about me. i may be a little too naive and a little foolish at times, but i'm okay with that, and i'm ready to love the ones who love me, and lose the ones who don't."
"i don't need to check that message, i know just what it says. ""baby i still love you.."" don't mean nothing when there's whiskey on your breath."
"you aren't the exception, you are the rule."
"textingggg. then sleeeeeeeeeeeep. i've been waiting all day for this, haaa."
first night home in a while. not sure how i feel about it.
"baby, all the stupid things i do have absolutely no reflection on how i feel about you."
had a greatttt day (: for once. haha.
"they say with time i'll forget you, but whoever said i wanted to?"
"outback, what is this ""work"" you speak of? i don't think i remember how to do that."
"<propfemale>-""this is a problem, but you're going to have to deal with it when he actually tries it.""lmfao! i love <propfemale> and nicole<3"
watching my boy <propmale> roth in inglorious basterds<3
"i wish you the best, but i could live without it."
"ohhhh my godddd <propmale> harrington, even before <propmale> you were perfect in wrong turn."
chillen with <propfemale>. texting my favorite personnnnnnn. thennnnn sleep? (; ocala with tifffffany in the am <3
couldn't have been a better night (:
"a random hook up is like a sandwich in the fridge.you don't know who ate it last, but you do know it's 2am and you're fucking hungry."
"i don't wanna work, i don't wanna work, i do not want to work."
"i don't hate you boy, i just wanna save you while there's still something left to save."
you were the best thing that's ever happened to me. i miss you. i love you. i can't wait to see you again<3
i would rather do anything than go to work today. oh well. 5:30-10:30. here i come.
"""a little less thinkin' and a lot more drinkin; that'll work for me tonight.when the room starts spinnin' and we start sinnin', i begin to realize; you look better when i'm drunkkkkkk."""
long day.
why am i home right now?
4 hours of sleep? kill me nowwww.
outback slave for the next 6 days...fuck.
don't you worry about what i do anymore. you lost that right a longggggg time ago (;
"me-""way to run that stop sign, papa""papa-""i've got a badge in my pocket, don't worry about what i do""me-""you're retired. and you weren't even a detective in this state""papa-""yeah, but i was a federal agent, that's good everywhere""me-""not cuba"""
"baby, you're the right kind of wrong (;"
boondock saints 2?! yeahhhhh (:
i missed my brothers so much (; i love you both.
"""<propmale>, he needs a kidney and i'm the only match! and apparently <propmale> needs it stat. mhm, you need it stat, <propmale>? huh? well maybe i needed a father stat, instead of this stay-at-home-dad who showers me with love every day of my life this goddamn spermless liar!""<3 <propfemale> and i are obsessed! we're gonna hand out the dvd like freakin' bibles."
zach gufford has officially made #1 on my list in only 24 hours. this bitch is good.
"i'll end this with a ""fuck you, but have a nice day."""
"""and you could bring me to my knees, again. all the times when i could beg you please, in vain. all the times when i felt insecure for you. and i'd leave my burdens at the door."""
"i'm done chasing something that isn't there anymore. i'm done trying to be the person you expect me to be. if i'm not good enough for you after all this time, atleast i'll still be good enough for myself when you're gone."
"fuck it. with two of my favorite people in the world. letting go of the past, and glad to be moving on. i can't wait <3"
finally in <propfemale>. chillllllen! (:
"""a long night spent with your most obvious weakness, you start shaking at the thought; you are everything i want, 'cause you are everything i'm not."""
"if this is all just a waste of our time, let me know. better late than never, right?"
"what an eventful day it has been, first had a great mornin' with the biff <propfemale> zerbo, now back to ocala with the other best friend <propfemale> apicerni <3 lovin' life!"
hanging out with eydie (:
"and again i don't know what i want, what to do, or what to say."
"can't leave you alone, and i know i'm living wrong. but i can't let you go (;"
"""i could really use a wish right no.."" ""shut up! seriously shut up!"""
running around atlanta with amy...was up more than half the night. ahha.
let me love you downnnnnn.
i have to be at work in 9 hours... whhhhaaat?
had a good night (; finallllly home. with t.peri in the early mornin'! can't wait. then probably c's house tomorrow night with him and the boys <3
"the feelings were right, but the reason was wrong."
orange lake... need a tan.
<propmale> with the fam for am early birthday dinner (: couldn't be happier with these last few days<3
"i love having someone to take my mind off of things (: sleeeeeeeep, then nails in the morning with tiff and nic<3"
"i'm an idiot, but at least i'm a happy idiot (:"
why didn't i go to sleep? wahhhh. getting ready for work; fuck. my. life.
wow...
"outbackkk...i have to go in way too soon, and leave way too late...work at 5:30 until closing."
"""if love be rough with you, be rough with love."""
gonna have a gooooooood night
"i fucking love <propfirst>. <3 <propfemale>. btw, i'll let you know when i get there."
"""there is part of me that wants an answer,and part of me that doesn't want to know.part of you that i am in love with,and the part that i am willing to let go."""
bones!!!<3
"<propfemale>- ""you can't ask me who bought your liquor! that'd be like me asking who babysits you!"" lmfao. i love her."
"a woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one <3"
"i may be broke, but one of the best days i've had in a long ass time (: i love <propfemale> and our baby ulta <3 haha."
phone with the best guy i know (:
"""here's to the liars and the cheaters, and the cold mistreaters;to the mama's boys who can't make a stand.here's to the superficial players,the i love you too-soon sayers;if you hear me girls raise your hand.let's have a toast, here's to findin' a good man."""
what's your girl gotta with me? (;
"watching adventureland, home alone. so glad to be home from outback."
"""okay, now you're just listing things that people doooo."" lmfao. i love this movie!<3"
"let me thank you for your time, and try not to waste anymore of mine (:"
"""even after every bad thing he'd done to me, every lie he'd ever told, every other girl he'd ever kissed, i knew somewhere deep down inside he really did love me, in his own messed up way. because you can't keep coming back to the same person time after time if those feelings aren't there."""
"i hate that all that's running through my mind is, ""what the fuck do i really want?!"""
"time passes and it tells us what we're left with; we become the things we do. me? i'm a fool, spent from defiance. yeah, you got me; but i didn't give up on you."
"watching freshmeat... <propmale>, please let me have your <propfemale> babies!? (:"
"just tell me, what do you want from me?"
"""i didn't get around to kiss you, goodbye on the hand. i wish that i could see you again, i know that i can't. i hope you can hear me, 'cause i remember it clearly."""
more laundry. blah.
getting some rest for that long ass drive in the morning. had a good weekend though (;
"be aware in life that what you have to <propmale>, may not be worth catching."
i love having a day off from work (:
"i can't stop missing you, but i don't expect myself to. you are something i can never replace, get back, or forget. all the little things matter so much, and the big things matter even more. i love you so much, always have and always will. rest in peace bran<3"
"i need you, now."
"how about this: sports should be like religion, enjoy it in your home, but don't force it upon people who couldn't care any less about what you have to say."
"""he's got a big nose. he's a jew, i know how you like those.""i love nicole<3 hahaha. she knows me oh so well."
"watching ""the joneses"", then work."
"""and i've got no illusions about you. and guess what? i never did. and when i said, when i said i'll take it, i meant, i meant as is."""
"watching the lovely bones with ames and cj, againnnn. mw<3"
"i'm not right, and i'm not fine; i wanna be rain that tastes like wine. i wanna be good, i wanna be great. i wanna be everything, except for your mistake."
couldn't have been a better week (:
"""now i only have myself to blame for falling for your stupid games. i wish my life could be the way it was before i saw your face."""
"god <propfirst> tosh, puh puh puh please let me have your illegitimate children?(:"
"<propfemale> and i have been watching true blood for more than 24 hours...this is wrong, but it's sooooo riiiiight <3"
why does everything have to be so confusing?i hate this.
sleeeeeep.
"taking a break from what i've been doing since my best friend gave me the heart-to-heart i needed last night. escaping the best way i know how, into a book."
"he had proven to me, without a doubt, that he didn't need me. and if it was the last thing i ever did, i was going to prove to him, without a doubt, that i didn't need him either."
homeeee after a long day. relaxing with eyd (:
"i know things change and people change, but i also know that i move on."
"me- ""ready for the fucking nuggets?""<propfemale>- ""i'm pretty ready for the fucking nuggets.""hahahahah, don't judge (;"
"the only thing i hate more than going to work, is being at work."
out for dinner...
"had a good day, tomorrow should be fun too (:"
"officially boycotting freshmeat. <propmale>, you beautiful <propfemale>, i will miss you )':"
home. lots running through my mind /:
"we run back to each other when it’s convenient. we know that in the end, we’re meant for each other but not for right now. so we play these games, act like we’re okay when one of us has someone else. when in reality it’s that slight hope that we will end up together that always keeps us coming back for more."
"going into a coma, hopefully soon."
<propmale> is sooooo cute (: and uh i guess christian's alright too.
...one of those days.
"all you've said and done, it doesn't matter anymore. i'm done ignoring all the negatives and only seeing the good in you. there's not not enough for me to <propfemale> on to. i'm the only one who stuck by through everything, and when you realize that? i'll be happy with something or someone else."
out with <propfirst> and <propmale> (: my badass boys. this should be an interesting night...
"out of inverness, away from all these people. <propmale> with the girls for a few days (:"
uneventful day? oh fasho. svu timmmmmme. stabler<3
with my 2 favorite people alllllll day long <3
burn notice. yessss <3
"it's so sad that i have had the whole day off, and all i can do is think about how much i am dreading going to work tomorrow. i hate you outback, more than you could ever imagine."
bonefish with <propfemale> and nicholai<3 haha (;
happy birthday <propmale>!!! i love you.
can't sleep. i hate thissss!
cfcc then with <propfemale> (:
"""that's the problem with us, we're too much alike. we're stubborn asses and always want to get our own way. we both hate to be wrong and love to be right. but that's the thing about love, no matter what happens, we always come back for each other one more time."""
"so i'll watch your life in pictures, like i used to watch you sleep...<3"
"you wanna play the game? it's like this:you play around, you have fun, you share secrets, you tell stories, you cry on each other's shoulders, you hold hands, you think about forever.but you don't fall in love.because the first one who does, loses."
"a late brunch with the best friend for his birthday, then off to campus to crack down on this business project (:"
who did great on her cpt? this girl did!(:
rip granny. i'll be missing you <3
"i've been running around for the past year with absolutely no direction. i didn't know what i wanted. all i knew was that you were always there. always in my head, always under my skin."
"my grandfather just watched me open a beer bottle with my mouth, he looked at me questionable. i was tempted to say ""party trick"". i decided it was in my best interest not to. i love my life (:"
"it's not that i don't understand you; it's not that i don't want to be with you. but you only wanted me, the way you wanted me. so, i will head out alone, hope for the best. and we <propfemale> our heads down, as we skip the goodbyes. and you can tell the world what you want them to hear; i've got nothing left to lose, my dear. so, i'm up for the little white lies; but you and i know the reason why."
need sleep.
"i hate people who order outback takeaway at 9pm and don't show up until 10pm. fuck all of you who do that you heartless, selfish leeches."
"chillen with the boys and catherineeee, then work."
"haven't slept, need sleeeeep! long night. work in 8 hours. fuck."
"i don't wanna see you anymore, i'm just not that strong. i love it when you're here, but i'm better when you're gone. i'm certain i have given, and oh how you can take. there's no use in you lookin', there's nothing left for you to break."
(;
"i'll try for whatever it's worth, just remember who played who first (;"
"make up your mind, and i'll make up mine. don't worry about me, i'll be fine.the last time you yelled at me i swore that i heard you say,""i wish i hadn't met you at all."""
"sleeeep, errands, laziness, christian's house. tomorrow should be good (:"
remember me<3 then work /:
heathers!!!!! i love you christian slater<3
too young to kill: 15 most shocking crimes...crazyyyyyyyy shit!
"""wow the first spontaneous thing you've ever done, <propfirst>!""i hate you, nicholai (;"
"you'll never know how much i miss youyou won't see it in my faceyou'll never know i'll never find anotherthat could take your placecause i'll be smiling when i see youno my tears won't ever showyeah i might always love youbut you'll never know"
"frustrated wouldn't even begin to explain how i feel right now. working until 9ish then bringing dinner to christian, his mamadukes, and her boy (: atleast i have something to look forward to."
"bringin' on the red bull today,i will need it. 6 hours to go!"
i'm. a little tea pot
"giftcard shift at the ob tonight, then <propfemale> and i are bringing <propmale> to christian's house so <propmale> and him can have a playdate (: hahaha."
"""just the way i like 'em. ancient and regretful.""lmao, happy nicholai? (;"
"you never think the last time is the last time. you always think there will be more. you think you will have forever. but, you don’t."
working today should not be on my to-do list.
"'cause baby, your love is built like a drug and i don’t wanna be sober."
"i hate you, outback."
"""she was a fast machine, she kept her motor clean. she was the best damn woman i had ever seen. she had the sightless eyes, tellin' me no lies. knockin' me out with those american thighs. takin' more than her share, had me fighting for air. she told me to come but i was already there."""
"love and other disasters... horrible movie, but i love it anyway."
i do not want to go to work. ever.
"work, work, work today? oh no no no ):"
"since when did everyone start getting hard over basketball? first soccer, now this. stfu already...seriously?"
looking at my schedule makes me wanna cry. no day off until wednesday ): looking forward to it.
if i died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize i wasn't at work anymore.
"""maybe true love is a decision. you know, a decision to take a <propmale> with somebody. to give to somebody. without worrying whether they’ll give anything back. or if they’re gonna hurt you, or if they really are the one. maybe love isn’t something that happens to you. maybe it’s something you have to choose."" -love and other disasters"
lunch date with el papi ton and eyd (:
this cold can blow me.
my man is perfect. no one can deny that <3
you're the risk i'll always take.
so over everything that's been stressing me out. i just don't give a fuck anymore.
you are ridiculous. so why do i let this happen everytime?
i have the day off! yessssss.
"""i can't help you fix yourself, but atleast i can say i tried. sorry, but i've gotta move on with my own life."""
"you’re not sure that you love me, but you’re not sure enough to let me go. baby, it ain't fair you know, to just keep me hangin' around."
i hate working. i hate working at outback. i hate working at outback on a saturday night. i hate working at outback on a saturday night until 11 o'clock. i hate working.
"watching w.s.'s <propmale> + <propfemale>. yeah, it's one of those nights."
"you got me, no need to wonder why (;"
greatttttt night! (;
<propmale> hutchinson should teach a class on how not to gauge your ears.
"without me you've got it all, so hold on."
going back to work tonight just does not make me happy.
home finallllly. happy birthday <propfirst> (: i love you so much<3
1 hour and 52 minutes until i'm outta outback. please hurry.
i love you but i'm not the answer for the questions that you still have.
"your one vice, is your too nice."
boondock saints ii: all saints day<3333
honduras<3 carnival staff members<3!!!
mj's tonighhhht. whaaaat? (:
"at outback steakhouse from 3:45-10. long day at work, come visit me if you can (:"
can't sleep. i hate when i can't stop thinking.
"good to see somethings don't need to change. i guess i had some the good ones and didn't even know it. the ones that matter are the ones who stick around through everything, not just what's convenient for them. thank you guys for making me realize that<3"
have to go up to cf. blahhhh. then work at 6.
"""searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a pauley shore movie..."" wish i would have realised that before college. hahahaha."
"gettin' ready for work, gonna make some money with <propfemale> horton"
chillen with eyd. over caring about people who don't even care about themselves.
"i do nottttttt wanna work today outback, you ruin everything."
i hate sundays at the ob.
"""friends are telling me i lost my mind, when i hooked up with you, maybe that's true. said that i'll wake up one day; asking what did i do? maybe that's true too.when i'm with you everything's alright. all i know is how i feel, when you're with me."""
"i love being with my babygirl(lisa), my brudduh(robert), my bestfriend(nick), and my bitch(christian) tonight <3"
"""does anyone know how to contact the devil? i want to sell him my soul for a beer."" i love eydie (:"
"got to the stoplight, then i made four rights, now i'm back where i started and you're back in my life."
"cf, i hate you. work from 3:45-10, fml, seriously."
"""i think that everyone can change if the right person comes along. and i think that every girl wants to be the right person. every girl wants to be that one girl that can change that one guy."""
gymmmmmm (:
"baby, is someone else calling you baby? it's driving me crazy, this being in the dark. goodbye ain't ever easy, so break it to me hard. if you're over my love, lay it on my heart. don't try to save me. is someone else calling you baby?"
"if you really wanted to, you would."
midnight food run. i love <propfemale> apicerni
"we're here in a yellow truck, a road ahead of us, and nothing but opportunities."
out with my girllllll and our favorite brazilian boy (:
"i don't know why i'm feelin' sappy but i just wanna let the ones that matter know how much they mean to me. na, lz, ks, rf, ns, bj, tp, and ad. i love all of you for everything you've done for me. just sayin'."
"with lisafer, work, then with her again. haha (: i love my best friend."
"you're the only guy who can make me laugh, just by the way he says hello when i pick up the phone. i like your principles, even if you are hypocritical. there are no words for how amazing you look when you smile, and i could never explain how low i feel when i let you down. in all honesty, i hope you never change."
"""i've learned that i could never feelthis way about anyone else, i know what other people say ""there is alwayssomeone better"", but i don't want someone better, i only want you. for me it's always been you."""
resting until work. blehhh ):
"""there's no time for tears,i'm just sitting here planning my revenge. there's nothing stopping me,from going out with all of your best friends."" (;"
"when i hear your name, i feel rain fallin' right out of the blue sky. and it's the fifth of may, and i'm right there starin' in your eyes. and nothin's changed, and we're still same. and i get lost in the innocence of a first kiss, and i'm hangin' on to every word rollin' off of your lips: and that's all it takes, and i'm in that place, every time i hear your name."
fuck you 'dear <propfirst>'. really?
"""and i guess it doesn't matter what i say or what i seem. you stuck what i felt for you in the pocket of your jeans. ignoring me the morning after isn't enough and i swear i'm gonna cry, i'm sick of tryin' to be tough."""
"you took your coat off and stood in the rain, you're always crazy like that. and i watched from my window, always felt i was outside looking in on you. you're always the mysterious one with dark eyes and careless hair. you were fashionably sensitive, but too cool to care. you stood in my doorway, with nothing to say; besides some comment on the weather."
"""yeah yah know, he likes guys. cats. probably the musical cats..."""
outback hell. then maybe a movie with eydie? (:
"celebrating halloween with my best friends. rip bbi, tonight's for you babe."
loves wine night with eyd & <propfemale>. the only time <propfemale> is sober(;
couldn't be happier (:
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, you're still sexy. woahhhh (;"
"(480): you might want to get that man-period checked out. men aren't supposed to have those so it could be bad for your health.(602): be quiet woman, get back in the kitchen.   i have that conversation at least once a week, only i get bitched at for ""not knowing how to how to cook""(;"
so exhausted. back to work in 11 hours. outback hates me.
"""i miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain; and it's 2am and i'm cursing your name. you're so in love that you act insane; and that's the way i loved you. breakin' down and coming undone, it's a roller coaster kinda rush. and i never knew i could feel that much. and that's the way i loved you."""
out with nicholai(:
"you're like a bad joke, that only i get."
over irresponsible and immature people. seriously. tonight has been a huge fail.
"7 days. sun, drinks, good-times. best of allno jackasses and/or outback. seeyahhhh!"
"""i love you, i hate you; i can't get around you. i breathe you, i taste; i just can't live without you."""
"""it's not a lie if you really believe it; it's not a mistake if you always repeat it."" sleep until work at 5:30. fuhhhhhck!"
out with lisaaaaa (:
"""i'll keep your memory vague, so you wont feel bad about me. i'll say the things that you said; sometimes so it reminds me."""
"up to cf again. then out with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and/or <propmale>."
"""if someone said three years from now you'd be long gone, i'd stand up and punch them out; 'cause they're all wrong and that last kiss, i'll <propfemale>; until we meet again. and time makes it harder, i wish i could remember. but i keep your memory."""
"if you weren't so badass, i'd be able to not talk to you. but, you are and i can't. phone, then bedddd (:"
"""well it's frowned upon, especially by the guy we ran into last night, professor judgey <propmale> holy-er than thou."" ""well be careful, you don't want to get the reputation of professor mc-nails-his-students."""
"tonight went from good, to bad, to better, to great (: haha. definitely different."
i'd like you all to shut the fuck up about where you like it.
interesting 2 days (: work then home tonightttt.
"movie with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, & <propfirst>! (:"
i do not want to go back to reality in 2 days. i want to stay here forever. ha.
<propmale> sutliff is the most amazing person when he is fucked up. hahahaha<3
"i wish i could go back to when i met you, and walk away."
"""i can't feel yah baby 'cause i'm romantically numb, emotionally drained, i came here just so i could come."""
for once i feel like i've accomplished something on my day off (:
"off work, now chinese with <propfemale> (:"
tanning with <propfemale> zerbo <3333 missing the caribbean sun though!
can't wait to get into bed. oh fasho.
breakfast then tanning with <propfemale> and <propfemale> (:
"like my status and i will tell you what i like about you, dislike about you,my first impression of you, and a confession! :)"
"gym with <propfemale> zerbo & <propfemale> zerbo (: then work at six, blahhh!"
out with miss zerbo (; tonight's gonna be a good good night!
gym with lisaaa (:
"""i never told you what i should have said; no, i never told you, i just held it in. and now, i miss everything about you. can't believe that i still want you. and after all the things we've been through; i miss everything about you."""
"sorry baby, but i'm in my i don't wanna be bothered zone."
"as <propmale> would say, too many irons in my fire, i'm gonna end up burnt."
the departed<3
with nicholai and lisaferrrr (:
tampa with my bad bitches (; let's do this riiiiiight!
the old me's dead and gone away
"no matter what i do, you're always on my mind. time passes, but the past hasn't faded since you left. you're clear in my mind and my heart. i miss you more each day <3 bbi"
"good or bad, they were my choices. i'm not making any apologies for them now; not to you or anyone."
"class in the am, then work, then with my homegirl lisaaaaa. busy schedule, dude, counting down the hours until saturday (:"
actually enjoyed class today (:
sleep forever.
out with <propfemale> (:
scratch that: drunk night for all of us!
i wanna be faithful but i can't keep my hands out the cookie jar (;
"the most ironic thing about us is: nothing can keep us apart, but not even that can keep us together."
couldn't be betttttter (:
"there are people in life you learn to live with, there are people you know you can't live without, and then there are people you know life wouldn't be the same without."
work then christian's house (:
poor baby <propmale> ): lmfao.
music as a weapon tour? i wanna see it!!!
work work work alllllll day long.
"""baby i love you and i don't wanna break anymore promises, so i won't make them.""""fuck you and your fucking clock!""    i love ari<3 entourage makes me feels a little better."
i'm getting too old for this. sorry babe.
"(603): i woke up this morning to my phone notebook open and written was ""reasons why i'm a whore in chronological order"" then it listed everybody i've had sex with in the past five months."
"""look, we had a little thing,  a winter time fling. used to get back to my man, but that was then yah know? some hush hush; i ain't ever really see a future in us."" (;"
"""if you just walked away, what could i really say? and would it matter anyway? it wouldn't change how you feel."""
"lightning comes and lightning goes, and it's all the same to me. let it in 'cause i want you so i can hardly breathe, or release into one thousand pieces i have broke into over you. night shade will soon be gone, but i keep burning on, and on, and on."
5 bottles of champagne? perfect end to today (:
"""ur not allowed n brazil or within 100 ft of anyone from brazil or a brazilian steak house""i love my brother when he tries to be protective(:"
what happens when i have a 5 hour drive home? plenty of picture uploads that i've avoided. ha.
"on the phone with <propfemale> apicerni, then going to bed. out with <propfemale> zerbo and our little brazilian <propmale> tomorrow(;"
"what is truly yours will eventually be yours; and what is not, no matter how hard you try, will never be."
"(330):first off: i'm drunk so fuck you. second: you weren't a bad girlfriend. tres: thats 3 in spanish. number 4: fuck 3 doors down"
you don't mean a thing.
yootter yand yony yare yawesome.
gooooood day with <propfemale> and the boys (: as usual.
tampaaaaa/clearwater. oh fuck yah.
"i got, i got, i got, i got cha back (;"
"with the girl, may be seeing the boy. then work. 2 out of 3 ain't bad (:"
"class in the am. then work. goooooood night, because i'm pissed off and sleepy."
"you made a move; don't change your mind. too much to lose, we've crossed the line between friends, and something more. was it all a big mistake? and if it was, it's much too late to undo. and i don't really want to."
i don't even know where to start for this project. this sucksss.
"if you're going to be the world's biggest <propmale>, then you better have it."
"fuck you, and uh fuck her too! ha (:"
"time? it passes and it tells us what we're left with; we become the things we do. me? i'm a fool spent from defiance; yeah, you got me but, i didn't give up on you."
got home way too early for my liking. need some stimulating conversation...not likely to happen in this county.
i never fall apart because i never fall together.
"""her fingers smell like cigarettes, the rude boy like to call her a slut. but i fe-fy-foe with my little thumb, i don't think she's all that dumb. she splits her spliffs but i love her, don't get no <propfemale> for free. she goes to uni for free, and i don't know what she studies. man, fuck knows what she plans to be."""
"""and under that strawberry skin; she don't need a boyfriend. she's gonna have her fun, and never let it go too far. but she'll party hard, she'll party like a rock <propfemale>."""
"<propfemale> zerbo & i are going to throw temper tantrums if ""god"" doesn't bless us in the way we need this weekend."
"""i could give a million reasons why we should not be friends. our moods change like the seasons; my mood ends your mood begins. and you're a tease, you're a cockblocker, you're a loud mouth bitch and a big talker, but that's okay. you'll grow up someday."""
people who avoid commitment are the people who know how important it is.
"class in ocala, then gvillllllllle!"
"""if it mattered, i would too. none the less, you still tell less than the truth."""
"""i'm way too young to be feeling this oldddddd."""
countdown to gville; t-22 hours
"<propfemale> zerbo thinks i'm the best friend, ever. that's because i am<3"
"you make me excited and crazy, but i'm looking for somewhere stable to rest my head now."
i have amazing people in my life(; just sayinnnnnggggggggg.
wish i could be cool like <propfemale>. :(
"i hate college but love all the parties, finishing kegs and crushing bottles of bacardi, <propmale> of the class i'd rather lay up with a hottie, single doesn't mean i'm lookin for somebody."
"""she said i don't know if i've ever been good enough; i'm a little bit <propmale>, and i think my head is caving in. and i don't know if i've ever been really loved, by a hand that's touched me. well i feel like something's gonna give. and i'm a little bit angry."""
"""maybe. maybe not. maybe go fuck yourself.""-mw<3"
"uhm so, tonight was pretty good, all things considered...(:"
"getting ready for work, then out for the night with <propfemale> zerbo, <propfemale> apicerni, and eamon melaugh(; i love <propfemale> stay<3 haha."
"i always find somethin' wrong.you been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long. i'm so gifted at findin' what i don't like the most. so i think it's time for us to have a toast; let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know."
"""i can be selfish sometimes, that's one of my flaws. in love, i am selfish, insensitive, but i think love is complicated, more complicated than i'd like it to be. but maybe i'm just complicated.""--leighton meester"
"can't wait for saturday. nicholai and alleo, i miss youuuuu<3"
"everytime i try to leave, something keeps pullin' me back, me back. tellin' me i need you in my life."
smd outback.
never let anyone in that doesn't do the same for you.
my job is a black hole.
"<propfirst> you changed me completely. i will miss your laugh, your hugs, and every stupid thing we used to do. i'll always regret everything i never said. i'll love you, always."
"no matter who i'm kissing or who i'm sleeping next to, there's never a time i didn't wish it was you."
"""did you just give your <propmale> keychain to a whore-baby?"". lmfao."
"i'm not looking at you now, i'm looking past you."
all the time i spent with or on you? fucking wasted.
"you remember, we were sittin’ there, by the water; you put your arm around me for the first time. you made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter; you are the best thing that’s ever been mine<3"
off to class until 10:50. then work at 3:45. i hate days like this...
"worn me down like a road, i did anything you told. worn me down to my knees, i did anything to please. but, you can't stop thinking about her."
christiansssss.
i hate you cf.
"there's a burning in my pride, a nervous bleeding in my brain. an ounce of peace is all i want for you; will you never call again? and will you never say that you love me, just to put it in my face? and will you never try to reach me? it is i that wanted space."
"i gave you more credit than you deserved; you weren't pretending to be a nice guy, you just weren't aware that you were a complete scumbag. it all makes sense now. fuck you, and have a good night."
"short day at outback, then out for the nighttttt! text if there's anything decent going onnnnn."
"twenty-four hours, and counting...fuhkkk."
"tron with christian, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> (:"
what a strangely good night (:
"i love <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and fred<3 alwayssss."
"""yah know, my motto is get out before they go down...""                                                        -""...dude, that is so not my motto."" hahaha."
"""have you ever seen a yellow dinosaur floating through the air with a comb in his hair looking at the ground with a big ol frown.""hands down the best text message i've ever recieved at 1 am. haha. whattah dik(;"
"""don't play games, it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over. 'cause if i get burnt, i'm gonna show you what it's like to hurt. 'cause i've been treated like dirt before you."""
"i just feel stuck. i'm in this place, between my future and my past and i'm not sure which one i want more."
"(209): dtf?(1-209): no. but i'm down to forget we ever fucked in the first place."
"let's go out for a drink and forget, all the things that we said that we know we'll regret. i said let's go out for a drink and forget, all the things that we did when we were wasted."
"texting my favorite little foreign <propmale>, then passing out. class in the am, work after. then chillen with <propfemale> zerbo, <propfirst> dawson, & <propmale> (;"
need <propfirst>. replaced my iphone once againnnnn.
"i miss those blue eyes, how you kissed me at night; i miss the way we sleep..."
i hate working
"heaven took you far away from me, left me empty and alone. heaven took you far away from me, too far away for me to go."
rip <propfirst> zerbo<3
class. blehhhh.
"my middle finger won't go down, how do i wave?"
"""you just have to let things fall into place, how they're supposed to be, even though you might want something so bad, it might not be meant to be, & what you do get in the end is what you wanted & needed all along."""
life is good (:
"i think everyone should have to sign a legal contract when you first meet someone stating your actual personality and intentions. something along the lines of-- ""hi, i'm so-and-so and i have a masters degree in the field of douchebaggery. i'm just your type; attractive, witty, faithless, selfish, unsatisfiable, conniving, hypocritical scum. signed and notarised. just sayin'."
"i used to like everything about you, now i realize it's because i didn't really know anything about you. jackass."
all of you are amazing<3 heading to my class of the day then celebrating(:
fuck it.
and i never think about you; but you're always on my mind.
"sleepover with my best friend <propfirst> <propmale>, then gettin' things done tomorrow with him(:"
"""i wonder how's it gonna be when it goes down. how's it gonna be when you're not around. how's it gonna be when you found out there was nothing, between you and me, 'cause i don't care."""
"""i wonderrrr if i would be killed by zombies, would <propfirst> cryyyyyy? because i'd be carrying her through the mall of zombieeessss, tonight!"" <propfirst>'s version of ""1000 <propmale>"". hahahhaha."
"i don't know what i have come down with, but i feel like i'm dyyyyying."
getting ready then out with <propfemale> and <propfemale> (;
"you are the most frustrating person i have ever met, and i can't stop coming back for more."
gville bound with my goooooon! (:
"this won't break your heart, but i just think it could. 'cause i haven't tried as hard as i should, to separate you, from everything i do. you know i'd never want to come between us, too."
i'm having <propfemale> zerbo withdrawals. i haven't seen my best friend in almost 24 hours. this is a problem.
there hasn't been a minute in this past week that i haven't thought of you. miss you b<3
"3 strikes, you're out."
"lunch w/ <propfemale> zerbo... work from 5:30-11, wahhh."
tampa trip with <propfemale> and <propfemale> to get a puppyyyyyy (: then eventually going to c's house.
<propmale> could almost give <propfirst> a run for his money...almost.
"why do you come here, when you know i've got troubles enough? why do you call me, when you know i can't answer the phone? make me lie when i don't want to, and make someone else some kind of an unknowing fool? make me stay when i should not? if you're so strong then resolve the weakness in me."
"""she told him she'd rather fix her makeup than try to fix what's going on. but the problem keeps on calling even with the cell phone gone. she told him that she believes in living bigger than she's living now, but her world keeps spinning backwards and upside down."""
with <propfemale> (:
outback with <propfemale> and <propmale> (:
fuck class.
nothin' better (;
i wish i felt about you the way you feel about me.
"it's hard to say, what it is i see in you. wonder if i'll always, be with you. but words can't say, and i can't do enough to prove, it's all for you."
ohhhhhhh <propmale> westwick<3
"<propfemale>, to counteract your post, if you kiss someone as amazing as i did on new years it's a fucking awesome sign for 2011(; haha."
"and i'd give up forever to touch you, 'cause i know that you feel me somehow. you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be, and i don't want to go home right now<3"
"but you always find a way to keep me right here, waiting."
if you're the only thing i got well then i must not have a lot.
"class in the am, then work<3"
"""remember when you drove me home from work? i loved the way you'd kiss goodbye. all your friends think i'm just too young for you. tell 'em i can do things girls their age can do."""
movies with my girls (:
"i've talked to friends, talked to myself; i've talked to god, i prayed liked hell, but i still miss you. i tried sober, i tried drinking; i've been strong and i've been weak, and i still miss you."
"and i never told you, what i should have said. no i never told you, i just held it in."
a few hours of work then out with my girl (:
i love you cb.
the summer was full of mistakes we'll never learn from.
dominated (;
"it's not so bad, you're only the best i've ever had."
you have a bullshit answer for everything.
"""the guilty undertaker sighs, the lonesome organ grinder cries; the silver saxophones say i should refuse you. the cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn, but it's not that way; i wasn't born to lose you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad.""...bob dylan<3"
wine. you. weakenessssses. fycj
<propfemale> time. woohoooooo (: haha. one of those niiiiiights.
fuck you elevator speech.
"""and when i close my eyes i see you, no matter where i am. i can smell your perfume through these whispering pines, i'm with your ghost again. it's a shame about the weather, i know soon we'll be together. and i can't wait till then, i can't wait till then.""<3"
"relaxin' and watching children of the corn (: cannot wait for tomorrow to celebrate my birthday with my brothers, lisafer, and the dickhead!"
"i'm not the sort of person who falls in and quickly out of love. but to you, i gave my affection right from the start. i have a lover who loves me, how can i break such a heart? but still, you get my attention."
"greattttttttttt night (: i have the best friends in the world. now back at the house, then the family dinner tonight."
and i hope you enjoy your 15 minutes of shame(;
i miss you.
"everywhere i go reminds me of you, and i smile at the memories that will never fade. when i'm low i just hear your laughing voice in my head, and i know that it's all gonna be okay."
going to my best friend's house after work(:
"if silence is <propfemale>, you're priceless."
horror movie marathon with <propfirst> and kt <3
amazing day. now christian's house (:
"""in my heart there will always be a place for you, for all my life. i'll keep a part of you with me. and everywhere i am; there you'll be.""<3 always."
"""and every night i miss you, i can just look up, and know the stars are holding you tonight.""<3"
"""forgive me for what i've done there, 'cause i never meant the things i did. and give me something to believe in."""
oh so happy (:
"some guys will break you down, just to see you come undone."
with lisaaaaa! (:
"outback from 3:45-10. mass homicide or suicide? decisions, decisions..."
"people say there's no point in dwelling on what could have, would have, or should have been. that doesn't change the fact it is draining me today. i love and miss you babe."
watching four brothers with christian and <propmale> (:
"bonding day with papa, gym with <propfemale>, then more bonding (: lol."
"still miss you, every day, every night. <3"
i love morning dates with my gf(;
"i need sleep, oh so bad."
"i go back to december, all the time."
"i'm not in it to win it, i'm in it for you."
"picked up a shift, so working my life away at the ob today, then hopefully seeing that one guy (:"
"""every step i take, every move i make; every single day, every time i pray; i'll be missing you. thinking of the day, when you went away; what a life to take, what a bond to break; i'll be missing you."" bbi<3"
"i wanna be everything, except for your mistake."
gym & tan (:
"i remember the days we spent together were not enough. and it used to feel like dreamin'except we always woke up. never thought not having you here now, would hurt so much. tonight i've fallen and i can't get up. i need your loving hands to come and pick me up. and every night i miss you, i can just look up;and know the stars are holding you tonight."
test in intro to business. way too early.
"""i do remember the swing of your step; the life of the party, you're showing off again. and i'd roll my eyes and then you'd pull me in. i'm not much for dancing, but for you i did. because i loved your handshake, meeting my father. i loved how you walked with your hands in your pockets. how you'd kiss me when i was in the middle of saying something; there's not a day i don't miss those rude interruptions."" <3 b"
"you just do you, and i'mma do me<3"
"definition of irony? going to a health food store, walking back to my car and lighting up a cigarette."
"""for all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see. for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right. for every dream you made come true, for all the love i found in you. i'll be forever thankful, baby. you're the one who held me up, never let me fall. you're the one who saw me through it all."""
"all things change, but that part of you and me has stayed the same."
"when i think back on these times, and the dreams we left behind; i'll be glad 'cause i was blessed to get to have you in my life. when i look back on these days, i'll look and see your face. you were right there for me."
thank you so much to everyone. you all really mean a lot to me<3 had a great day!
"i miss old oth, watching reruns and chillen out (:"
"movie night with the best--- <propfemale> <propfemale> zerbo , <propfemale> zerbo , and <propfirst> england <3333"
"""o-m-fucking-g!"" papa can be so funny sometimes. hahahahha."
"i feel you everywhere i go. i see your smile, i see your face, i hear you laughin' in the rain. i still can't believe you're gone."
"""what <propfirst>, do you not remember the last one that played guitar?!"" lmfao. i love <propfemale>."
we're at the right place at the wrong time.
"i lost a part of me i can never get back, and all i can do is hope that you can accept me for who i am without the one of the things that made me who i was when you met me."
"""i can go out every night of the week, can go home with anybody i meet. but, it's just a temporary high, 'cause when i close my eyes;i'm somewhere with you."" <3"
"""i'm down for a one night stand; i'll accept it any way that i can, 'cause i aint 'cha man. i'll try for whatever its worth, just remember who played who first."""
i feel awful.
"the best memory i have with you, is my worst regret."
happy with what i got(; fuck the rest.
i realized tonight that i have some pretty amazing guys in my life. probably the best that i could ever ask for.
napping for a little. then headin' over to christian's house (:
"<propfemale>- ""now i'm gonna be afraid to see owls again, i just got over the owls...""roflmfao."
chillen with the boys. oh fasho.
"'cause when i'm with him, i am thinking of you; thinking of you, what you would do, if you were the one who was spending the night. oh, i wish that i was looking into your eyes."
"christian fell asleep and nowi can't move. hahaha (: still finishing this movie with <propfemale> and <propfirst>."
"went dogfood shopping for christian, now evergreen with papa, shopping with cat, then work. haven't really decided what i'm doing tonight. hmmmmm."
"<propfemale> lately, then sleep. class in the mornin', then work from 3:45-10. brutal."
"""what do you mean, what? you know exactly what we talking about with la <propfemale> loca."" (: hahahaha."
"just like a crow chasing the butterfly, dandelions lost in the summer sky. when you and i were getting high as outer space, i never thought you'd slip away. i guess i was just a little too late."
"""don't be falling in love as she’s walking away; when your heart won’t tell your mind, to tell your mouth what it should say."""
"watching ""wrong turn"" via phone with the loser (:"
christian's house. what's new?... watching <propfemale> on syfy :d
"i've never met someone who doesn't like me. yes <propfemale>, even you."
"whipped cream vodka with my bitches <333333 yeahhhhh. the fourth kind, oh yeahhhhh."
where'd all the good people go?
sleeping at christian's. long day tomorrow.
"i remember the days we spent together were not enough; and it used to feel like dreamin', except we always woke up. never thought not having you here now would hurt so much. tonight i've fallen and i can't get up. i need your loving hands to come and pick me up. and every night i miss you, i can just look upand know the stars are holdin' you tonight<3"
"you want to go so fucking fast that nothing seems to last, and you always end up sleeping with the past."
why am i surrounded by capricorns?
"""i don't care how much you love them; monogamy is just too cruel a rule."""
couldn't ask for a better new year <3
nails and other stuff with <propfemale>. gotta keep our boyless selves occupied.
so this is me swallowing my pride; standing in front of you saying i'm sorry for that night. and i go back to december all the time.
"i'm taking everything you say with a grain of salt, and a shot of patron."
"""it's bittersweet to look back now, at memories withered on the vine. just to hold you close to me, for a moment in time."""
workin' with t.peri<3 then celebrating christian's birthday(;
outback christmas party then back to christian's...
"a long time ago you took a big piece of me; but it's cool now, you can keep it. i don't want it back, because after you, i don't think i could ever use it again."
"sleepmode. morning time with my best friend before she leaves me for a whole week and a half ): giftcard duty at the ob, then christian's house for the night(: who's got a long, busy, good day tomorrow? this girl! (;"
this ache in my chest never subsides and i know that i'll miss you until the day i die.
you are all so gullible.
so happy<3<3<3
i'll miss you 'til the day i die.
out for <propfemale>'s birthday with the girls! (: i love youuuuuuuu!
i feel awful.
off to the arts festival with the fam to support my lisa(: haha. i'm the best best friend ever<3
"last night was really good, really bad, and then really great (:"
"i've heard the bad news; i've heard all about you. but i don't care what you did, all that matters now is what you do (;"
movie night with my number 1's (:
"you stood by me and i stood tall. i had your love, i had it all. and i'm grateful for each day you gave me. baby, i don't know that much, but i know this much is true; i was blessed because i was loved by you."
"i hate waking up and thinking, ""why the fuck would i do that?""..."
i'd like to find a guy who wants to wake up with me just as much as he wants to sleep with me.
"grenades can blow me. oh wait, nevermind; she's already blowing him. perfect."
<propmale> + <propfemale>. then work 3:45-10. wahhh. ha.
why don't i sleep on saturdays? ):
the only birthday that matters today is my heterosexual-life partner's <propfemale> apicerni. just sayin'.
doing whatever. then christian's house...
christian is gay (:
"rip grandpa <propmale>. <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and mama zerbo, i love you guys so much<3"
home. had a goodnight's sleep. now gettin' my day started.
"though things change, the future's still inside of me. we must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark; so you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love."
this is gonna be a long week and a half ):
i've never taken anything seriously in my life.
getting my hair done with t. peri <3
"i'm not worried 'bout the ring you wear, 'cause as long as no one knows than nobody can care. you're feelin' guilty and i'm well aware; but you don't look ashamed and baby, i'm not scared."
"i'm in a fucking good mood. no but seriously, i actually am (:"
i love my boys (:
(:
"you were unlike any other, you will always be my thunder."
"(816): how many walk of shames do you think you've done from my house (1816): i don't know but enough that i've started waving to the neighbors on my way to my carhahahahahhaaha (:"
i need to make a decision that's a lose-lose situation.
i wish the asians at floral nails would get their shit together so <propfemale> and i could leave and go to christian's house already.
"you don't realise what you've got until it's gone, and baby i guess you just realised how long gone i really am (; it's an amazing feeling, not gonna lie."
"and although i know yours no longer does, my heart will always beat for you."
seriously. what the fuck ever.
"i don't gotta be the only one, i'd settle for number one (;"
(: amazing.
"whatever you imagined was wrong, there's nothing romantic about death. grief is like the ocean, it's deep, and it's dark, and bigger than all of us. and pain is like a thief in the night."
"if i would have known the way that this would end, if i would have read the last <propfemale> first. if would have had the strength to walk away, if i had known how this would hurt. i would've loved you anyway, i'd do it all the same. not a second i would change, not a touch that i would trade. had i known my heart would break, i would have loved you anyway<3"
"lunch with papa, then a longgggggg day at outback."
<propmale> sutliff and <propfirst> <propmale> are the best boys in the wholeeeeee world<3
"when you lose a part of yourself, to somebody you know. it takes a lot to let go, every breath that you remember. pictures fade away, but memory is forever."
champagne agaiiiiin. yahhhhh!
"i'm not right, i'm not fine. i wanna be the rain that tastes like wine. i wanna be good, i wanna be great. i wanna be everything except for your mistake."
there's only so much of hooper funeral home that i can take. i seriously hate this place.
watching <propmale> play cat and mouse with onyx is fantastic. yayyyyyyyyyy.
christian won't playin' reach so <propfirst> and i are ufcin'. haha. then applebees for <propfemale>'s 21st <3
"got christian to watch 8 mile and also admit that <propfirst> wahlberg ""isn't that bad"". all in all a successful night (;"
"i used to say you were the one. yeah, you still are the one, i guess. the one that i'm just fine without."
"<propfirst> duchovny, you are perfect <3"
"i can go any night of the week, can go home with anybody i meet. but, it's just a temporary high 'cause when i close my eyes, i'm somewhere with you."
i'm pretty sure i could get used to this (:
"don't get your hopes up, kid. i said, get ready for the letdown. we've gone too far to turn back now and i'll never be half as good as you make me sound. so i hope you're ready for the letdown."
"i never knew i could hurt like this, and everyday life goes on i wish, i could talk to you for awhile. i wish i could find a way not to cry. as time goes by i assume you've reached a better place. still i'd give the world to see your face, and be right there next to you. it feels like you've gone too soon. the hardest thing to do is say goodbye."
turned into a disappointing night. home. sleep.
"worked on 3 hours of sleep the whole day. completely exhausted, also completely worth it (: goooooodnight!"
christian is lameeee (:
gave the retard his birthday presents early. can't wait for saturday to get here already (:
with <propfirst> (:
with christian. what's new?
"forgiving someone who used to be the closest person to you, feels really damn good."
wish i had enough energy to roll myself outta bed. oh well.
"no matter how far away you are, i just want you to remember that you're in my mind and my heart until the day i may see you again."
wow. hahahahaha.
"you are going to lose people in your life. and i realize now that no matter how much time you spent with them, or how much you appreciated them and told them so, it will never seem like it was enough<3"
had a really good day. doing laundry with <propfirst> in the mornin'. going to sleep for now.
success (:
"so exhausted, so happy (: worktime then movie with the best people in my life (;"
"time, it passes and it tells us what we're left with; we become the things we do. me? i'm a fool spent from defiance. yeah, you got me, but i didn't give up on you."
watching the human centipede with christian and robocop(:
"nothin' like a home cooked meal with my girlfriend, her boyfriend, and my future husband, definitely made my horrible day better<3 love you guys."
worked 11:30am-9:30pm on zero hours sleep from last night. i am absolutely exhausted. gooooooodnight!
