662
5e34486308dfa39c91780a440632f724
26
-
enfj's  laugh 
<propfemale> ñ quer saber do farmville e essas tretas    por isso ñ mais farmville gifts please!!  laugh 
dhãaa!
"if the men had never invented the car, that car would never break in the traffic jam!as simple as that!"
"""buggin you is easy cause ur buggable   and everything i do is because i love to bug you!"" lalalalala"
i asked around and i heard that you were talking   yehh tell me  smile 
is bored!
"o que é que é essencial na minha <propfemale>? resposta: <propfemale> fernandes sem du<propfemale> ! ?(tive que fazer o mesmo!!!)"
"cautch a stupid cold and the weather is fantastic (a beautiful cloudy day)couldn't b happier!!  crying "
ohhh no     it was already dark when i got home from clg (6:57pm)  crying 
e playful lica la isso melhor plaese  smile     a dormir!!
'cause everybody knows that nobody really knows how to make it work or how to ease the hurt'
"""our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt"""
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  surprise 
is upset!
"i just hate not to hate you!!! ""tinhafa of sertin it"""
right now i'm having amnesia and <propfemale> vu at the same time  i think i've forgotten this before 
"when i saw d sun in the sky i said to my self ""its gonna be a perfect day""   took 2h to get 2 college cause te bus decided  to break down   my chmst teacher thinks i dont like him cause   never mind   awkward moments during the whole day   no more free txt    no more free travel   and the best of al   l my laptop just died  crying ahhhhhwell    im still a happy person    im sure tommorow it's gonna be a good day  laugh "
"college form 9am to 6pm    after college, working till now  crying   i ""love"" monday!!!"
what a beautiful mess this is!!  laugh 
"it seems like the ""cartoon thing is back"""
"is watchin brazil  laugh  ( the first ""not boring"" game in that world cup)"
"c'mon brazil   do ur thing, dont let us down!!  laugh "
"""quando alcochete está em fiesta"""
"<propfemale> com saudades do acreg (pelo menos trouxe uma constipaçao e escaldao  smile ) "" i've got  a  feeling, that this week is gonna b a good week! ""  laugh  anciosa!!"
"o q dizer??     back to reality :'  ade singing in the plane : ""everytime i say goodbye   i die a little"" !!!"
"thank you everybody  wink i guess that from now on its time to grow up   crying  heh"
"""en la distancia te puedo ver cuando tus fotos me siento a ver en las estrellas tus ojos ver cuando tus fotos me siento a ver"""
"em algumas horas, adeus vista pro tejo ""baggaging with pain""um até breve a todos com quem partilhei bons momentos, vou ter saudades vossas!!"
sao aqueles <propfemale>s mesmo wow!!!!like summer  laugh  adorei o <propfemale> de ontem com todos  laugh ddd3
coincidence?? humm      (sick)  crying 
new journey coming
"so mais umas horinhas e uns ""diazinhos"" para te ver sorrir again!  laugh "
jogging 2mmorw morning hummm??  laugh 
back from algarve    ready for acnac  laugh 
not that bad    but waiting for more!! c'mon brazil!  laugh 
hide and seek  playful 
officially vegetarian: week 1 (let's see 4 how long)  smile 
"""don't be so open-minded your brain's gonna fall out "" --'"
you would die to know something     but when you know it    u wish had never discovered   r u  weird?
"is idiot!! ""lubite, ni lubite""  laugh   crying "
"""what´s on your mind?""   the confusion of a ball of wool  annoyed "
"boy   why do u insist in keeping ""your pants on the ground"" no   showing your ""underwear""  is not cool    indeed, it's even worse than c ronaldo on that armani advert (arg!  o o ) now   could you please pull your pants!!!"
"never thought that it could happen, but i actualy made my mum do her homework! eheh"
 crying  maeeeee    o forno queimou o meu dedo outra vez    briga com ele!!!  crying 
pac man avaliable on google's homepage    bye bye facebook  laugh 
"""say what you mean, mean what you say, because those that matter dont mind, and those who mind dont matter!""  smile "
just heard a song that brought a forgoten memory  laugh 
mico do <propfemale> : that look just killed my disguise! solution for that?? runnnnn  laugh 
"""<propfirst>"" is awesome  laugh "
is not inspired  annoyed 
feliz sabado everyone  laugh 
"was just wondering that if we all knew whats is actually christmas bout    many things in this world would be different not only during christmas time    but all the time <propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh "
""" como se diz um cubo retangular?""  surprise  <propfemale>!! --'"
"well done brazil!!!!!!! 2mmorow all players r going to a spa    then on holydays to a paradisiacal island with their pockets full of money     nice company    while fans are sad   doing stupid things   some even cry  people, think    leave all these bad feelings to them and lets enjoy life  laugh "
"the ""stalker"" it's being stalked haha  laugh "
    the secret to growing old is to keep breathing  surprise 
nothing better than a disastrous 4 - 0 for <propfemale> after that sad episode lived by us brazilians  laugh 
this is fun!!!  laugh 
"liçao aprendida: dont e playful ect not to be ignored when u ignore  annoyed  i love all the true friends that god gave me   smile     time to do some work now  laugh "
"*says ""i dont care""    but inside it     annoyed *<propfemale> relaxing morning  laugh "
my (ex) bus <propmale> abandoned me!!  surprise     ok ok   !  playful 
meu!   esta sol!!!!!!!!!!let's celebrate??!!?  laugh   laugh 
"out of facebook for a while   a long journey waits 4 me  smile "
<propfirst>  exams report: maths c1 made smile of happiness   maths is amazing bio: miracle i finished this 100 <propfemale> exam right on time but    the great news? its done and bad news are only in march  tow months to survive with hope and faith  smile 
two more weeks  laugh  arggg
"its fridayyyyy   laugh   laugh ""hands up if you're awesome \o \o \o \o \o \o \o \o \o \o \o \o """
"today i had the best hot chocolate ever    feito por um french guy outside the tube station, que falava portugues com um accent muito bunitinho!!  laugh "
is sooo frustrating when we are misunderstood!! god help me! is it me?!?
back to lx         acnac  2010 (10 dias que deixam sadades!)
no more than 42 hours  laugh  finally!
"mcd staff: can i help you? hummm no! --'""impossible"" things can happen when u spend an afternoon         oxford st!!!  laugh "
melting in lisbon  laugh    finally new new haircut  surprise 
"""choice : amazing dangerous freedom"""
where you invest your love    u invest your life*
feels revitalizada after today's volleyball session  laugh   laugh 
"has her skin slightly damaged by the sun :' smile ')"
pausa para desabafo: um <propfemale> lido desses e eu aqui com os books na face   
"""it is god who arms me with strength and makes my way perfect ""and the wait goes on  annoyed "
finally reconnected to the world  laugh 
why does the facebook of some people looks different!!
cansada e segunda feira ainda nem chegou!  annoyed 
"is saying to herself : no facebook today    no facebook today    noo facebook todayyyy!!*just came to share this thought*  laugh "
"ha coisas fantasticas, nao ha?!  laugh "
alguem mais <propfemale> com von<propfemale>de se assitir castelo ratibum?!  laugh 
"i found out why elephants are afraid of mice   it's because mice are actually bigger than an elephants!!   surprise  yep   it's not a joke    it's true!!heheh"
"mas q raio se passa   derrrepente    ""38 friends changed their profile pictures "" most of then look like cartoons now!!! whats goin on?? alguem me diz!"
"someone told me once ""the longer the wait,the better the prize will be   so after waiting 4 agessss (ok  not ages    about an hour)   f'course i was e playful ecting something like a limo   but my prize was just the normal stinky, packed bus  crying coisas da <propfemale>  laugh "
feels happy    tired    excited    ancious    nervous    sad    curious     laugh 
"need the sunshine!! ""it's one of those time , when you know what to say but should have said it a little more , but life gets in the way"""
argg   can't decide the topic for my biology coursework  annoyed 
please dont snow tommorow please dont snow tommorow    pleaseee
"had a great night guys! we do need to repeat this so i can get better than mehmet altay in the ice ring  playful shame on some girls like <propfemale> bugalho and ve ve rain and <propfemale> loong that abandoned me! u missed the best dinner u could have right <propfirst> 'spurs' bozkina?!  playful <propfirst> wong is 18  laugh  uuuu"
"tomorrow, i will!  laugh "
did anyone else see the rainbow today??   i know it was a beautiful <propfemale> day    but i saw it  annoyed 
"crazy drunk dudes from east london in the tube sitting next to yousolution: mim no ablar ingles --'"
""" you are not in the traffic    you are the traffic""  surprise !  love i hate winter!!!!! its freezing!!!"
busy day  annoyed 
"dear winter    have you concidered to take a break this year?   you have beem working hard for so long, u should get some rest, relax    wouldnt it be great to go hawaii this christmas holiday??  laugh  summer is probb busy somewhere else but i beat miss spring wont mind to substitute you for a few weeks  wink "
and here we go again    snowing  smile \ annoyed 
the days have gone gray  annoyed     the rain is here to stay    annoyed  but you are still here    im still happy  laugh     missing alvalade* today especialmente  annoyed 
"""when i saw you smilling    yeh it made me smile"" ( smile "
dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back   dont wanna go back to college!!!!
<propmale> or <propfemale>?  laugh   i'll go for <propmale>!
is ready for a very busy week with restricted time for facebook!  annoyed 
cant look at my biology book anymore!!  annoyed   annoyed 
"*feel tired but relaxed after today's long volleyball session  laugh *have anyone noticed how beautiful is the <propfemale> tonight?!?!    i feel like looking at it for the whole night lol  laugh *god is such a great artist  laugh "
my brain is confused!! ~~'
"if it wasnt this cold    i would definitely go outside, lie on the grass and fall asleep staring at the <propfemale>    é <propfemale>  laugh "
"""if they squeeze <propfemale>s to get <propfemale> oil, how do they get baby oil?"" --' !!"
"back from the airport  crying we'r gonna miss u so much paulo <propfirst> garcez !i'll be looking foward for our next meeting ( in bahia maybe )  laugh "
está cansada de sentir saudades!!!  crying 
ok sun    thats verrrry nice of you coming here to say hello to us but   seriously    could u please hurry up and come back from your holidays in the southern hemisphere coz its damn cold round here!!! and my knees hurt!  sad 
hello sunshine  laugh 
happy new year for everyone  laugh   2011 better be great!!!
some things are immiscible just like oil and water!
i will    sing in the rain if it rains    i will laugh a lot    i will be upset    i wil (have to)l revise a lotttttt     i will    will write an email with 500 lines to my best friend  laugh     i will           
just had a great time in an internet date with my best friend!  laugh   love 
"lição do dia: o que acontece qd engole a comida sem mastigar td?o ""negoço"" fica preso, arranha tudo la por dentro e vc quase morre  uaser morrer é ficar vivo por isso tem que suportar a dor da garganta arranhada! ainda mais qd decide comer a laranja mais ácida que existe no mundo  crying  !!!!!peak times!"
statistics work and malteasers and galaxy chocolat (couldnt have better company this <propfirst>'s --' )  wink 
cantar na oxford street é uma optima terapia pra começar uma semana cheia de trabalhos pra fazer!!!
"ohhhh a minha mamis comprou umas "" pegas"" novas so pra eu nao me queimar no forno de novo  laugh     tao querida  smile "
"hj eu aprendi que tenho que a prender a : - comer com pauzinhos- fazer nó de gravata- aprender piadas de brasileiros (so pra usar em self defence) neh gente!  playful "
