542
300e47a21ae2b1bdf50f2c85a3dc3019
22
-
hangin with my baby  smile   the world is right.
don't want to go to workk!!!
college starts monday. am i really all ready this old?!
looking into getting one of those way cute mini laptops!
alcohol-wise...bite me!
school needs to start. and i mean quick!
just got done with class for the day! its nice to get done early!
so excited about the direction my life is going! hopefully the good days keep coming!
"college is different from high school in that you are challenged to find your own answer rather than find the ""correct"" answer.  it's refreshing."
it's wonderful 3.99 tuesday at subway! lets get this over with!
packing up for the retreat. lets do this!
reading pride and prejudice. again. it never gets old!
who's  up for going to the volleyball game thursday?!
just got done figuring out where all my classes are! super excited about college!
working on some homework.  smile  life is good.
shut up and put your money where your mouth is
going to get a laptop and new phone today. yay!  smile 
is having a recurring dream about a whobbly dangerous bridge and a herd of people trying to get across at once without falling in the crocodile infested waters..
i'm over this boredom.  fishing may be just what i need.  smile 
sick of homework all ready.
"this whole school, work, school, work thing.. well its just plain exhausting."
sitting in bim. boooorrrinnngg
going to the football game tonight.  finally caught up on homework!
needs some motivation. this rain is sleep inducing!
tonights gonna be a good night!!! off work= time to have fun!
absolutely loving life!
is about to take a final exam that i put off studying for until seven this morning... not a good idea. but wish me luck  smile 
so glad i never have to be in speech class again after tomorrow! yaaay!
is in tulsa!!!!
this is the most boring presentation i have heard in my life
has officially completed her first semester1 --going to work now.  and then staying up as late as i feel like! lol
its the weekend.. and i never thought i'd be so glad to say that!  goin out tonight!
feeling a little quilty  sad   and not looking forward to work tonight.
just got back from the honors retreat. had a blast. now im just chillin at the casa with my boytoy. lol
goin out tonight! super excited  smile 
i'm used to opening my own doors and splitting the checks.  could i get used to being loved the right way?
a snow day tomorrow would equal heaven!
so who wants to help me figure out what this comp ii assignment is about?!!! please  smile 
trying to figure out how i'm going to put this thing together... its kind of a pain!
cant wait for the new <propfemale> in wonderland movie to come out! im so loving life these days  smile  ---them damn caney boys!
thinking its time to get refocused!
"mystory complete  smile  as for those citations, i think tomorrow morning sounds pretty reasonable!"
red bulls= my best friend in life
missing that boy  smile  he makes my day brighter
oooh 3d <propfemale> in wonderland--- i cant wait to see you! 3 hrs and 24 minutes and counting  smile 
well.. it sounded good in theory  smile 
suffering from a terrible case of spring fever!
love is a temporary madness; i've gone mad!
i made a vow to stop procrastinating! but i'm procrastinating on when to start it  smile 
"he ain't feeling anything.. my love, my hurt, or the sting of this rain..."
"i have a math problem, anyone care to solve it?!"
gettin ready to go out and have some much needed fun!
it all comes down to the unsaid words..tomorrow. crossing my fingers!
just got home from work & now i'm glaring at my three hours worth of homework. dislike!
im just like you..only prettier!
"going out instead of takin me out?! two can play that game, sir!"
wishing life was a little less work and a lot more fun!--- missing him.
wish work didn't consume my life!!!! got off late and work early!  sad 
wonderin what exciting things are in store for me!
when all is said and done i'd never count the cost. it's worth all that's lost..just to see you smile  smile 
hot date tonight  smile  hehe
heading to work. hope this is over quick!
"""i myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is:  i only know that people call me a feminist whenever i e playful ress sentiments that differentiate me from a door mat or a prostitute.""- <propfemale> west"
my only day off!!!! what to do with it???!
needs inspiration and motivation to write this paper!!!!!
why is life all about deadlines?! i believe people should produce at their own rate!
this time baby i'll be bulletproof
"baby, to a hammer everything looks like a nail  smile "
the weekend is here  smile 
off work tomorrow! hopefully will get some time in with my favorite boy  smile 
only one class tomorrow!!!! yaaaaay! things are looking up  smile 
"3.99 tuesdays, you make my life suck! --- going to work  sad "
just got back from the lake with the besty  smile    p.s. lake water is seriously disturbing
"writing a paper is 90% bs, 10% facts!"
"what does disney offer in the way of princesses personalities, other than the fact that they are all kind and oftentimes enjoy cleaning?"
cosmo says female penguins engage in prostitution in exchange for pebbles to build their nests! ha  smile 
"dear summer, can you please just get here all ready? im dying without you!"
why do men not know how to use a phone?!
<propmale> <propmale>'s takin me on a date tonight! yay
"you know it's love when your affectionate term of choice is ""cracker""!"
"done with feeling sorry for myself, now it's time to have some fun!!!!!"
"i believe we can have it all, but i don't want it. it's too exhausting!"
he is the one sight my eyes never tire of  smile 
"if i cross your mind, i hope you smile."
going to get my first tattoo with the besty!!!! so excited!!!
heading to work. boo  sad 
needs to get this rough draft done so the fun can resume!  smile 
it's funny how i'm never tired when i actually need to go to bed!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!i love you all  smile 
"by the time you're his shivering and sighing, and he vows his passion is infinite, undying lady, make a note of this: one of you is lying."
cramming for two finals the day before is not such a good idea!
it is officially summertime! and i didnt terribly bomb those finals lol  smile 
"school is rapidly approaching, and surprisingly i am no longer completely bummed about it!  smile "
counting down the days until sex and the city 2 premieres! woo!
it's time for me to stop waiting for things to happen to me and make them happen for myself.
love can be a tragedy when you do what u did to me...all i'm seein now is red.
"making <propmale> a romantic dinner tonight! mexican manicotti! hope it turns out well! --cross your fingers, i have trouble boiling water!  smile "
"there's a price for keepin me. i might be cheap, but i ain't free!"
sitting in desktop presentation. professor is over ten minutes late! how rude!
wishin i could get some sleep.. but sleep doesn't exist when your a procrastinating college student! time to study.  sad 
"the more i see the less i know, the more i'd like to let it go."
it's just one of those days  smile 
"for if the darkness and corruption leave a vestige of the thoughts i once had, better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad"
"""do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway.  you'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't."" - <propfemale> <propmale>"
"i lost all my <propfirst> so if i should have yours, text me!"
"now that im sittin here thinking it through, i've never been anywhere cold as you..."
"whether you're late for church or you're stuck in jail, hey words gonna get around.  everybody dies famous in a small town!"
no one ever choked to death by swallowing their pride
it's times like these you learn to live again.
"all right facebook, stop distracting me all ready!  it's homework time!"
i feel like myself again. love does crazy things to you!
"whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same."
is covered in poison <propfemale>! pretty miserable  sad 
"biology test, theater appreciation test, and then freedom!"
had a bountiful breakfast of red bull! lets do this.
maybe this semester won't be as terrible as i thought!
feel like im stuck in a rut just spinning my wheels
once again i show up to class for no reason!
"""the best thing you can do is find someone who loves you for exactly what you are. good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you. the right person is still going to think the sun shines out your ass.""  -juno"
"is incredibly tired of this semester all ready. come on december, come on!"
ugh! i miss my <propmale>! these nights apart kill me!  sad 
dinner for schmucks or the other guys tonight? hmmm tough choice
<propfirst> gann's wedding today!  waterproof mascara may be necessary.
boo! its monday again  sad 
naptime before work  smile   yay
i wish i was one of those annoyingly happy morning people instead of a huge grump!
"distance never seperates two hearts that really care, for our memories span the <propmale> and in seconds we are there.  but whenever i start feeling sad because i miss you, i remind myself how lucky i am to have someone so special to miss."
"better late than never, but never late is better!"
my bocephus makes the world go round  smile  cant wait to see him tonight! headed to the pow wow tomorrow!
"oh  homework, how i deeply despise you for taking me away from all the better things i could be doing."
so bored i'm thinking about going to work super early just for fun
"tomorrow, my bocephus comes home. and the world will be as it should  smile "
i should get some type of award for the most times one person can lock their keys in their truck!
turns out freedom ain't nothin but missin you.. oh how i wish it was sunday all ready.
"note to self: when writing extremely long papers, save often. i just lost about a <propfemale> and a half and it's due in thirty minutes!  sad "
ugh someone shoot me!
people who look like they have it all together are really just masters of show business.
"""the trouble with some women is they get all excited about nothing, and then they marry him."" -<propfemale>"
boys drive me crazy!!  considering becoming a nun...
i wish i was the fed and could just print myself more money.
it's a scary feeling when you realize how much you have invested yourself in someone else and how much of your well being is really in their hands.
<propfemale> i lost my phone. again!
i know you're a player but you don't play by the rules; and im just another in a long line of fools!
so confused on this accounting assignment!
boys are dumb. plain and simple.
a coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave. - mahatma ghandi
"nothing can put me on top of the world like a good shopping spree! pay day, get here, i need to feed my shopping addiction!"
i definitely need to get outta town!
ugh. accounting gives me a headache!
running a 102 degree fever  sad  still have to write this paper though.
"i fell in love with <propfirst> daniels again,he's the best kind of lover that there is.i can have him when i please,he always satisfies my needsand he takes me back no matter where i've been.yeah, i fell in love with <propfirst> daniels again."
i am completely obsessed with my fair wedding with <propfirst> tutera. it is possibly the best show evver!
the good ones all got wedding rings and the young ones are just too dumb!
i'm talkin bout the good times!
