644
650dcfe7b3db65d0e8589d5bc27925ff
33
-
"suddenly, i have no job now, i have hardly anything in my portfolio since the last ten years was confidential work, and want to go to los <propfemale> to get a special effects job, one of the hardest things to get  how am i going to do this?"
"is feeling good, strangely enough  got a nearly guaranteed job and an apartment in north hollywood  just gotta figure out how to not get a job here so i can collect a couple more months of unemployment "
"yes!! ""v"" is on syfy all week! my favorite show when i was a kid  it has been 20 years or so since i last saw it  it was probably the show that most inspired me to become an fx artist  perfect timing, just when i need some inspiration         "
skinny puppy in philly in mid nov      just when i'm broke as a joke    arrgh!
"just saw avatar-3d  if <propfirst> <propfirst> wasn't the most famous director before(which he wasn't), he is now  the story looked kinda so-so on the commercials, but it was absolutely fantastic  everyone has to see this movie, in 3d that is, its meant to be  imax3d may be even better  this is the new 3d, its nearly perfect  you have never seen a movie like this before  truly revolutionary  go see it "
"bored, bored, bored  i have nothing to do tonight  think i might go see avatar in imax 3d by myself       "
"conan rules  best sign out of any show, ever  true class act "
"imax is stupid  i will never see another imax movie again  the only good thing is that it's 70mm  it was the wrong aspect ratio, screen was 1 4 of the size i thought it was gonna be, and far less spherical  i guess i was thinking of ima laugh ome omnimax  the 3d seemed to have less depth, but maybe it was just me  don't see avatar this way, go see it in ""regular screen"" 3d "
"i don't have many heroes, but conan o'brien is definitely one of them now   the rare individual with true integrity  sacrificing himself for what is right  boycott nbc!"
"a <propmale> went hunting for bear  he walked five <propmale> east of camp, but couldn't find any game  so he walked five <propmale> north, where he saw a bear and shot it  then he walked five <propmale> directly back to camp  what color was the bear?"
"ipad = stupid  = me losing hope in design, somebody please, get it right, it is so simple  = do i have to do it myself?"
<propmale> giraldo dies of od   he was the best   the 2 best comics die in the same month  how sad   i guess the earthworms are the ones that get the last laugh 
"free foosball table! i am moving and need to get rid of a foosball table  anybody who wants it must pick it up before wednesday  in good shape, couple chips, bent playfield corner, but certainly good enough for a ""non-pro"", lol   legs are off for transport, but a truck or hatchback would probably still be needed to haul  contact me asap to schedule a pick-up time as i will be in and out of town for hours at a time "
awesome covenant show  <propfirst> myer from haujobb filled in for a missing keyboardest  unique show    
how big is this underground oil reservoir and could it possibly lead to the extinction of humans?
"if you remake a movie you should be banned from film-making and treated like you bet on your own team, like <propmale> <propfemale>   the only exception is if you are the original director and you're unhappy with your first film, then remake it all you want, it's yours   you don't see the <propfemale> <propfemale> being repainted by another artist to make it ""better"" because we have new paints       "
"there was already a classic movie called ""the karate kid""   there should never be another by the same name unless it has a different concept   in the new karate kid, the kid is taught kung-fu   call it ""the kung-fu kid"" you greedy hollywood idiots "
peace comes when religion goes 
i had to break that into two parts because stupid facebook doesn't want me to have that much on my mind        
"i also have a two seat reclining couch(white & blue, red highlights, ok shape), twin bed frame w cabinet headboard(ok shape, water stain on headboard top), twin leaf folding kitchen table w chairs(ok shape, top marred by cleaning product), and a nearly brand new ikea futon frame(raw wood, no cushions) to get rid of if anyone is interested  free  you pick up(before wednesday)  i can get you pics  contact me asap "
"every single thing, that every single person, has ever said to you, has just been  vibrating air "
inception   very impressive movie    see it 
"fractured my elbow  ouch  hmmm, should i not be riding a gas-powered skateboard at 33 years old? lol"
thanks everyone 
if you live in cali go vote for prop 19 now!!!! i'll be there soon! legalize it!!!!freedom!!!!
i saw another human being today! it's been a while     
"just finished watching ""the time traveler's wife"", a fantastically brilliant amazingly beautiful movie       and that's an understatement        "
just got some samples of monster makers premium monster <propmale> and it is awesome  sculptures coming soon      
"<propmale> reznor, i want to congratulate you like an animal "
"if the weather's nice on friday or saturday i'm going to monster makers in <propmale> for a huge bulk order pickup   if anybody wants anything from there or wants to tag along to keep me company or check out the facility, let me know  i can work around your schedule  i'm getting 400 lbs  of <propmale> and plaster, so i'll have to keep things under the limit of my car, lol "
press enter to post your comment? how stupid  how do i start a second paragraph now? why do companies always make products and websites worse than they used to be?
