330
08074f06d6882e73b4db242b38be237a
24
-
woo-hoo i got the laptop for the night  smile 
 playful  i am board but listening to some good music  smile   playful  tomorrow should be better
ronin i am for i have no one but myself
"feels like a duck in this trench coat weather, hell gain 2 pounds in water wight lol"
slayer makes the time to by so quick  smile  metal makes me happy
"what female should i go after, hmm? ones very flighty the next one is very fun and the last one is one i've know sense forever but she dose not realize i got a crush on her hmm? who they are is for me to know and others to find out hahaha these next few w"
i am finely in mt and cant wait till monday this week should be fun and interesting woo-hoo metal and book work fun. just trying to servive ct for another night
hopefully going to the fair tonight with any luck and idk just chilling later. hmm realized rhode island is to dam small i keep running into people i know argh
sad a friend leaving the state again over stupid shit i miss them all ready hope that are safe and stay out of trouble
"long week the fair was ok. i think people are going crazier then normal who knows, and relatives are driving me up walls"
board but at lest i got music going to my ears drums  smile 
happy that some of my old friends  are ok and are alive and well
missing my old friends and so much more and feel like crap
dam it vacations almost over  sad  i want to have fun this coming weekend
enjoying mt the cnc machine is fun and ankrom is not that bad i am just waiting for the the other machines to get fixed :{
just wondring whats going to happen this weekend and this coming week. thinking about going to kp next week who will i run in to??? i tried of racking my brain over some people argh
missing people form my past old friends and so much more i feel like crap. i wish i knew who was my friends and who's my foes the line has become blurred to me wtf this screws with my mind
i am the <propmale> of mars and i am on the hunt
when to see saw6 last nite gross.long week long day and i miss old friends
"long day long week long month oh happy hallween, i hate stupid people. whent to ne tech yesterday for a tour it was fun cant wait till next week"
rough few weeks and going crazy oh i am angry again
i am happy for all my friends that are gradutaing to day and i hope they vist more often lol hope they do well. i am still on the hunt
"oh what fucked up people i know. oh the joys of being me, this is going to be a loooong weekend oh my. just have to survie till monday wooo hooo  smile "
"rough week , mucanx is my friend  smile  cant wait to get back to <propmale> more things to do then there at home here got to make some cheesecake for people beownies, and the normal things also"
soul cailber 3 its like crack but better lol board
got make some cheese cake and browries long week  sad 
like me hate me i am who i am
i need to find a place to stay in prov tommarow nite let me know if you can help thanks
long week sleep goooood dam rain cant wait till sunday
"here is the joker and the thief, i stand alone because i think and i see with eyes of watchful its been a year and a day since ive contaomplate on life with so much zeal i wise consul about my problems maybe i will find what i am looking for under the full moonlight"
 smile  good times  playful 
doa2 and gauntlet fun times a head hope to pass out at 2 in the morning lol
copy this into your status and see how people rate you!!! 1. nuts. 2. i'd marry you. 3. talkative. 4. sarcastic. 5. smart. 6. moody. 7. dumb. 8. spoiled. 9. mouthy. 10. random. 11. hot. 12. funny. 13. fit. 14. amazing. 15. tough. 16. cute. 17. bf/gf type. 18. the best. 19. freak. 20. quiet. 21. sexy
got done with the academic olympics in jersey and got 5th place out of 7 oh well fun and so much more. get back home tomarrow and going to the fair tomarrow or saturday and sunday who knows woohoo  smile 
oh what good times ive had in the last 2 days  smile  cant wait to get to back up here again in the next few weeks thank you my favortie frend you know who you are hahahaa  smile  happness is atanable if you let your mind go  smile 
long day dumb people whoo hoo just another day in school  sad  gag me
"the differnce between a friend and a best friend are a friend will help you move, a best friend will help you move a dead body what do people consiter you a friend or a best friend and how many best friends do you have ???"
"haten no internet at school, none at home and i am haten the stupid people i am around most of the wek by, cant wait till i go to another state"
rough few weeks and going crazy
going crazy and can't wait till i find what i am looking for
"vealentins day is a hoilyday of greed and ignornce, the joys of being single, i do what i have to so i dont feel the slings and arrorows of life espealy in love. i am waiting for the right one but not looking for drama, whatever happens happens i am just try to make my life more fun and share it with a good one but were are they???? guess i will just spend time with my music and wait for things happen  sad   smile   playful  wtf"
metal makes me happy  smile 
"one bad week and long day crazy is as crazy do, hope next weeks better, tomarrow cheeesecake and brownies to make cant wait"
"life is so odd at time i just dont know what to do about it, just got to get threw it, cant wait till next week"
"life is suffring; love, sex, death, volance, choas and dissorder make life interesting. life is to short for the bullshit that other put you throught, live life and move on when others hold you back"
board wtf i cant wait to later
cant wait till 9
i cant wait till later i got lots on my mind and yeah waiting for .............................
full <propfemale> tonight  smile 
offline till tuesday i hope monday is not that bad  playful  i hate having nothing to do on long weekends i hope monday will be fun lol  wink  anyway hopefully i can avoid getting my hair cut ........ cant wait to tonight or later  smile 
"my weekend lost 13 months of grow out, now look like shaggy; barking dogs an headachs fun with someone i find so great  playful  can wait to do those things again lol just a up and down weekend lol"
having a really fucked up day i hope later makes it better then how its been going anyway got this wonderful chick on my mind and i dont know how to say the right things to her i always get my foot in my mouth every time well i hope everything comes out right later
feel like crap cant wait till later and i have too much on my mind fml i miss some one close but they are far away  sad 
this is trench coat weather and it blows i would rather get soaked in a better way lol... anyway i can wait till later  smile  hopefully it will be a good night  smile   smile   smile 
feeling like crap too much in my head emotions like a rollercoster and my hart in my mouth i hope today ends well i dont want to go to sleep feeling like this roadkill and crap stew
"this weathers for the dam ducks its treanch coat weather cold wet and damp this weather just blows an not in a nice way, i cant wait till later when i am talking to someone thats so fun and smart an makes my days and my nights i miss them"
"today has been interesting thanks to some people to say the least anyway  had chinese and got a weird fortune ""  smile  you will inherit some money or a small piece of land.  smile  "" wtf i hope this comes true lol looking forward to later  wink  ahh fun times i hope  smile   smile   smile "
i can wait till later  smile 
i hope my favorite  person feels better after her nap other wise my days been shot to hell and back well i hope later makes up for that  smile  i cant wait
board as hell realizing how much i miss her  playful  my days been draging i cant wait till later hopefully i have some fun then talking on the phone all night  smile  i just hope she feels better soon  sad 
"had a very interesting weekend to say the least, i found another person for my shit list an missing my favorite person and just feel like shit i cant wait till later so i can feel better also planning my trip to the wild west me and my future partner in crime lol cant wait"
cant wait till later
having a very weird and fucked up day i cant wait till later and i hope the weekend gets over with all ready  sad   playful  this weather and crap is for the birds
zen zen zen i going to try to be zen tonight since i miss my other half going for an all nigher of meditation and metal till like 4 or 5 in the morning cuz of the time change i cant wait till next weekend so i can have some real fun  smile  i hope i just hope i can make it thought tonight because its going to be a long one well see you all on the other side of the void  smile  a week to the full <propfemale> cant wait  smile   smile   smile   smile 
enjoying this comply shity weather  smile   smile   smile 
have a crap day and missing the warmth of the other day
hahaha just thinking of how much or a cheep shrink i could be and am to others lol i could work for dirt cheep ask about the payment methods if interested quiet and discreet  smile   just inbox me lol anyway cant wait till later and just hope i can have a better night then i had of a day up till 2am bug me if you know how to get at me  smile  i have nothing to do besides talk to my favorite person till they go to bed
missing my favorite person and hoping she feels better soon and cant wait to talk to her  smile 
hmm i guess i am not that good for some ??? what hell is wrong with me??? today blows wtf.....
"i want to scream and shout but nothing leaves my throat i want tears to flow but just my eyes well , i feel like nothing and i dont think i am good for whatever reason i just feel like crap..... a big old pile of it thanks <propfemale>"
"i love her and i want to talk to her but i dont know what to say too her i love and miss her i just dont know what to say i feel like the deer in the head likes when i am thinking about her and she makes me happy most days and i cant get her out my mind ,my head my hart and my body all pulled here and there i want to feel full not hollow"
i cant wait till 9 then i should start to feel better  smile  i miss her  sad 
all ready up for an hour and i ready to go till 3am again
cant wait till later  smile  and my cell phones dead till next month woohoo lucky me fml well hope tonight i can have a good night
missing my other half and cant wait till later i miss her and cant wait till i hear her voice  smile  love you <propfemale>  playful 
 smile  cant wait till 9  smile  miss and love her
feeling like crap and i want to feel better i miss her so much it hurts
"i miss her and i love her cant wait till 9 and hopefully tonight will be better then last  love  just can wait to the weekend now smile "
i think i saw a ghost from many moons past earlier today and my minds all over the place missing my number one chick and hope she fells better for tomorrow cant wait till then and  smile  up till 3 so bug me if you know how to get at me  smile 
 smile  doing good going on 4 hours sleep
my girls starting a porn company
 smile  ploting mehhhahaha
cant wait till later  smile  i miss ct
going to be up till 3 woohoo cant wait till later and i hope everyone has a good night tonight i know i will because i be thinking of someone dear to me  smile  miss her and cant wait to talk to her  smile 
i miss her and love her
missing my sunshine its been a long day  playful  treanch coat weather and all  playful  still trying to find paper and and get my gold  sad  i cant wait till i can find my pot of gold  smile  oh well back to hunting for that green
missing my other half  sad  i cant wait till tomorrow and hopeful not so much rain  sad    its going to be a long night  playful   but i had a very thought provoking converstion early made me forgot how crap of a day ive been having  sad  well i miss her and i love her and i cant wait till i hear her voice  smile 
 sad  missing my favorite person and shes having a rough day and i cant help her that much  sad  i cant wait to later when i get to talk to her and see whats up in her mind tonight  smile  i hope she feels better soon well today was good otherwise lots of sunshine and fresh air  smile  hope tomorrows good too  smile 
12 hours ago i got bombed and shocked with bad news  sad  i hope its just temporary oh i hope it dosent stay so bad i going to read the <propfemale> and heart sutras
mind over matter everything will be fine if not great be happy be positive  smile   smile   smile  its all just a hiccup
bones bones bones i hate my bones
cant wait till the full <propfemale>  smile 
"i feel like crap and i cant wait till the weather improves, 38 more days"
420 all the stoners come out of the wood work
hope i can fine a job soon this job huntings a bitch and i cant waittill later
cant wait till it gets real warm its going to be cold tonight  sad  missing my heating pad
bad night last night and tonight is not looking much better why am i like a clock turned so tight my mechanisms are all screwed up and out of wack
up till the sun comes up fml why do i do this to myself
had a better night then last but not by much yahoo for 330 am
" sad  the weather sucks happy for my trench coat, cant wait till 7 to talk to a <propfirst> of sunshine in my day and trying to stay happy to then but i just  playful "
easter <propfemale> that's whats for dinner tomorrow lol meh haahahha if not steak  smile 
"e playful eriment of the day trying something different today i going to try not to talk to anyone just for shits n giggles i wont bug anyone but i will only speak if i am spoken to, called, imed, or messaged, i wonder whos the fist one to try make me talk ???"
"i think i can do this whole mute thing on facebook but its whatever i hope tonight is better then last night  smile  well bug me and i get back to you, message me or call me if you want me  smile "
"i think i can do this whole mute thing on facebook but its whatever i hope tonight is better then last night  smile  well bug me and i get back to you, message me or call me if you want me  smile "
"contemplating life, thinking about next month and what i need an how to get what i want and the list goes one..... i am happy i got at lest one thing in my life that makes me happy  smile  so at least i have some where to start from  smile  smile  smile  smile  on to the few things  smile "
enjoying the thunder and the lighting i hope this keeps up all might or till at lest 9
 smile  rains going to stop by 1am  smile 
"in the last 11 hours i have had one panic attack, stayed up to 2 woke up at 530 (2 1/2 sleep) and have been thinking about i million fucked up thoughts i dont want to dwell on.. and so on i want to go back to my happy place but its far away right now; and worst of all i am being doubted for my <propfemale> and willingness to go though the bad times in order to get to the good i am willing to commit to something longterm"
not feeling so fucked up as a was earyer this morning  annoyed  i just hope it gets better
i love her i love her i love her i dont want to lose her she is my sunshine and she makes my world go round i need her in my life like the air in my lungs she makes butter flies grow thrive oh how i love her so i need her like the <propfemale> in the sky
happpy  smile  smile  smile   smile  hope i can stay like this till next month and beyond
happy that eveythings going good i hope my things can work out soon too oh give me strength and the will to do what i have to do i need my serenity so i can be completely happy
"confused and worse my mind is not in a bright or happy place, what a void what an abyss and so much more this is not good..... oh give me the ability to not lose control of myself........"
"wondering why is it so hard and difficult to get honest answers or civil converstions form people like i cant event get answers form someone i want them from so like i feel like i fucked up yet again, like if you love someone why treat them like a stranger??? to many unaswered questions"
i wont find the answers i want any time soon but i know i just keep my questions to myself well i better find something new soon
still on the hunt and cant wait till next saturday dance till <propfemale> 9  smile 
hide for the night sleeping in tomorrow and i dont care woohoo reading another 400 pages  smile  bug me if you want to  playful 
when to the beach to day did not get a sun burn??? who knows guess i am a day <propmale>  smile  woohoo whent to galilee it was nice today in prov for like another hour and back home by 6 what a day hopefully newport tommrow or maybe sk ??? who knows  smile 
i got my tips so now i can find a job that serves alcohol woohoo then its off to be a bartendeer   smile  oh what fun
"9/16/08-5/7/10 r.i.p free at last free at last, out of job corps free to be myself and no more bs now to live life in the big old world, no worries no problems"
tierd ran around the state today portsmith and prov and back home  playful  this stuff is for the birds
"happy to have gradutated to day and hope everyone else that did to is doing well and are happy also its been a cazy year and change, hope next year will be better lol"
"wet and more wet may it rain and my it flow, may the wet go to thouse that need it"
"ebb and flow life has rythem, to find and go with do as you want and be happy have the people you want with so you can share the good times and bad an enjoy what unfolds"
confused to say the least
"when will i find order in this sea of choas and discord ??? i am looking i am hunting and i am still not shore if i find what i am looking for, i want to find the other side to my coin  sad  where is it in this place or in an state ?????????????????????????"
"the sun is out the weekend looks good and cant wait till next week  smile  hope ill have some fun in the next few weeks, hope things work out on this sea of chaos i am on  smile "
 playful  bite me
"as above as below, the things you learn from the arcain what a crazy chart i have; horoscopes are very intresting indeed"
my cell shit the bed oh joy  sad  sad pandas and crapy day hope tomorrows better  annoyed 
"still on the hunt for what i am looking for wtf my plans shot to hell and board, people make life difficulte for themself wtf why dont they be happy got some people that care about them wtf"
"rain,rain,rain mother nature must think i am a duck, well at lest i wont melt, i hope; i think i will put aquaman to shame with this wether"
if crazy is as crazy dose then where dose that leave sane???
"hopefuly running around the state tomorrow hopefully, 530 is a bitch to get up to  playful "
why are people so dam shollow like wtf people are strange they want what they can give to others like its boggling my mind when did shollow become deep???
new year goal yet to think of one..... hahha
"confused and trying to find my way can wait till sunday no more broadem, hope some people are back to normal soon"
"plotting and board, almost saturday  smile  i wonder if i get bugged by anyone this weekend ???"
still on the hunt
6.4 mile walk last night in the <propfemale> rain sucked the state has horable public transportion fuck my boondock life well my feet will stop hurting by tomorrow i hope portsmith you can get lost there  sad  yeah long day yesterday  playful 
"you and i wake up in jail together, using only 4 words what would u say to me? (if u comment u have to copy and paste as ur status, fair is fair...lol)"
in prov till like 4 chilln at the libary hoping the weekend just get over with tomarrows going to be  playful  with a <propmale> of crappy oh the joys of turning 21 lol
ha ha ha ha ha oh what wheels turn inside and out the games will start soon enough
trying to figure out what to of my birthday next weekened 21 any ideas???
thinking about later and have a few scorpios on my mind i wonder hmmm .......... oh well happy cuse i got metal going in my ears and around my brain no more pop songs lol  playful   playful 
"going crazy and on the hunt but not shore if i will find what i am looking for  sad  hope to find answers soon  playful  its day like these i hate, for thouse how know my probelm give a few leads thanks"
 playful 
"how many of usreally know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you... iwant all my fb friends to post how you met me. after you comment, copythis to your status. you'll be amazed at the responses you get"
lost in the ozone  sad 
trying to figure things out just some people are being durr  they dont see the oppertunitys and realize some deals are just what they need oh well
tierd from runny around prov today well hope every ones doing well
"to some i am the devil but to others i am a saint i do as i please and i try to help those that want my help; so dose this make me good or bad ??? oh what thoughts that go in my head and out my mouth, oh how life is funny  smile "
to all my friends that like alcohal who would like to make and brew your own beer??? i got idea message me if you want to know more so let me know
depressing trench coat weather  playful   playful  i hope spring is alot nicer i hope
thanks guys  smile  hope you guys have alot of good days and see you around sooner or later thanks for putting up with me
enjoying the treanch coat weather  smile 
tomorrow sould be better??? who knows
" playful  people suck, when will they ever learn ??? oh well cant wait till next week going around provand stuff cant wait"
waiting and thinking all day long oh my at least tomorrow will be more fun
i had a very very interesting day a year and a day lol wtf hope that i wont have to ever repeat that again yep i hope no one askes lol but i doubt that lol
hahaha its offical i am a day <propmale> an hour and fourty minutes in the sun yeasterday and i only got a redneck from that hahaha i dont mind the sun  smile  soon i wont be a pale white boy yahoo i just hope i cools down a bit
fucking lighting sucks; pretty but it sucks oh well at least the weather will be better in a few hours
advice of day play russian rollette with an ak-47  smile  and have fun with life lol  smile 
oh what shollow water we tread in this dam state. the picking is slim and it hard to find some thing to put your mind at ease oh the horrors of look for some one to make summer fun  playful  dam boondocks fml
trying to figure stuff out  sad  wtf my brains in overload  playful  this sucks
real odd day oh may my sanity come back soon the bottom fell out of my day may it wilderness thak the choas and make it into some thing good nature nurtures the hart i hope
cant wait till thursday
my town blows
what a day  playful 
people are going crazy or is it me what strange people i have seen today wtf tomorrow prov  smile  can wait 5am is too soon  playful 
great i have some one stuck on my mind well cant wait to talk to them latter and yeah popiness and all i cant think of a better person to talk to all the time with  smile 
a very interesting and wonderful day ive been having i just cant wrap my mind around it see why i cant have more days like these
board out of my mind i hate being stuck in valley when fun stuff is going on  playful  wtf why dose this always happen to me???
no more snow for now  smile 
woohoo found out i am the black sheep of my family great whats next become rouge or a senater
sanity sainty sainty where did i leave you this time theis past week sucked and was a big headache argh
omg water from the sky oh nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo its not thats bad  smile  its going to be a fun day
listening to hardstyle and dubstep online fun stuff next figure out how  to suffle lol that will be fun
 playful  what dull day
"whent to the fair saw 15 20 heads i know oh wat a day , and today just was just  smile  god i havent laughed so hard in a while, oh how i i miss an old friend and they know who they are i am looking at you nh try harder and i cant wait till you get back down here"
"put this as your status and see what people rate you : 1 = crazy 2 =i'd marry you 3 = talkative 4 = sarcastic 5 = i miss you 6 = i'd kiss you7= moody 8 = smart 9 = energetic 10 = spoiled 11 =random 12 = hot 13 =funny 14 = fit 15 = amazing 16 = tough 17 = cute 18 = beautiful 19 =freak 20 = i love you."
its going to be a long night my moms in the hospital and i am going to be so board  sad 
i feel like crap its going to be a long day but i am happy that tomorrow i can rest alot more then today
advice to my scorpio female friends you just have to hook the right one but you got to fish a sea of frogs good luck with that this why i am happy to be lone hell of a lot less hassle  smile  but do cheer up lives to short  smile 
board and waiting to figure out what to do next
bah bah black sheep of the family i only got to cook for two people woohoo turkeyday sleeping allday afterwards lol offline till saturday got afew books to read bug me if you want
wird dreams and cloudy thoughts i hope to nights better then last  playful 
woohoo tonight 600+page novel and the time change i am going to be having a long night  smile  and cells working too  smile  double happiness
" playful  what week of hell i had, welcome home (sanitarium) woohoo i am the only sane one in the fam this week  annoyed "
 smile  treanch coat weather  playful  i been having a fun time for this past week  smile 
had a good day in a other wise crapy week with the whole death in the family did a lot of traveling and saw lots of intresting sites i was just a bit to cold up in the city  sad  long day in a long week  sad 
 playful  i cant wait till monday  smile  hmm tonight staying up till 3am yet again lol  smile  good times
recovering form yesterday the bite marks are almost gone  smile  but my neck is still a little stiff though all and all fun times
reading gray's anatomy for giggles this should be fun
this weather is for the birds i am happy i got my treach coat though  smile  its going to be a long few days
blah christmas sucked its cold and i feel like an abominable snowman mmm blood lol i hete being snowed in on the weekends  annoyed 
"its water from the sky get over it, its cold; weather sucks please stop acting like crazy monkeys thanks, you all suck at this game that is all"
2 to 4 inches of snow tomorrow oh well i cant wait till march 20 spring time bitches
"happy but confused, waiting to start this wild ride and so much more; i hope i can take my time with this, oh how i want the good times to go on and on i am enjoying myself way to much  smile   annoyed   sad   playful   smile  yay the insantity coming back to me  smile "
hmm contemplating if i should make some cake or brownies later its been i few months since i was last baking ???? oh wait i have no one to bake things for lol silly me maybe monday but i doubt that timing works ether haha just my lucky who likes my cooking??
still going crazy so that makes me sane lol for know at least
hahaha today's been a good day  smile  i can't wait till tuesday well bug me if you need anything  playful 
