397
0c5d06511ef79fba34da417e8c751fff
29
-
my guitar rockz!!!!!!!
eek! green day concert at 8pm tonight!!!!!!i can't wait!!!!
is listening to breaking <propmale>
also listening to the pure poetry that is my chemical romance those guys got some serious talent
is tired
misses her puppy and <propfemale>
just watched marley & me   i haven't cried that much since  grandma died
listening to gangsta music...lol
"also, there was this preacher dude outside of the venue telling everyone that if they went in they were going to burn in hell for all eternity(no joke, i am not kidding) i said that it was all a bunch of bullshit and he got mad, which caused mom to practi"
is watching south park
woke up at four fucking am this morning.... you can guess that i'm not in the best mood right now. i got in at one and went to bed at two am. currently listening to msi.
"went camping on friday, had car trouble, and my mother bitched and complained the whole way home  other than that, it was extremely fun"
citizen kane rockz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"callouses hurt like a bitch on steroids, i swear to god"
going to a friggin green day concert this friday!!!!!!! i'm sooooo excited i could piss myself!!!
is listening to muse
way too tired to sleep....if that makes any sense at all....
watching clerks!!!
is bored shitless
"ok, escape the fate is officially one of my top five bands"
woke up waaaaay too early
watching watchmen
"shit, shit, shit. i do not want school to start."
"i think i willplay my guitar, which is named rosebud, by the way"
farm town is so addicting
"listening to hollywood undead, drawing some pictures for <propfirst>. e playful eriencing the full impact of carpal tunnel but completely loving it non the less."
"playing ""basketcase"" on rosebud(my guitar). yeah laugh all you want, but i think rosebud is a damn cool name"
"yay!today i officially become a fossil! 14 is the new 50, you know"
is drawing an awesome picture of the beatles. yay!
"saw funny people yesterday. it was crude, and they dropped an f-bomb every two words. my type of movie."
that old lady down there reminds me of the jackass that used to own anakin skywalker before he became a jedi
"have you ever noticed that in the nightmare on elm st films there's always pictures of dogs hanging somewhere and yet not one of the main character even have a stupid dog to begin with. why the hell would you have pictures of dogs in your house, if you don't even have a goddamn dog?"
frankenberry!!!!!!
i swear green day washes all sadness from your life.........that sounds so fuckin emo but it's true for me
no offense to any rednecks in michigan. i was talking about florida rednecks. we have pretty nice rednecks here in michigan.
we're disposable teens
is now watching desperado
breaking <propmale>'s new album is rocking the abnormally fuzzy socks off my feet
"again, no offense"
"watching the silence of the lambs, hannibal's completely butchering these two cops"
“we don’t need no education. we don’t need no thought control. no dark sarcasm in the classroom. teachers leave those kids alone.
itunes sucks incredibly hairy balls.....excuse my bluntness
i feel sad
j and silent <propmale> rock!!!!
is totally lovin life!!! cant wait until my mommy gets home!!!!
i wish i weren't so 'sick' today
watching children of men....good movie so far
spent 3 hours in the office today
nearly choked over a skittle
i fixed my compooter!!!!
juzz got back from pickin' up my daddy
the world cries on this day. <propfirst> <propfirst> has left aerosmith..... sad 
"'come mothers and fathers throughout the land, and don't criticize what you can't understand. your sons and daughters are beyond your command'"
is also working on her sci-fi story
i finally got done with the essay from hell...
is curling her hair for no apparent reason
certain people are shouting in my ear......may need a hearing aid soon
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear. the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page...it will work! put this as your status if it worked for you! dude im not kidding this isnt like a chain thing its like lens glare"
is laughing her ass off about shit
is fucking bored out of her mind
"listening to the black eyed peas right now, life iz good"
listening to powerman 5000
"somehow, i don't think i'm getting any sleep tonight"
today is a very heavy metal day
writers block sux balls. big.......fat.......hairy.......balls
iz now watching <propfemale> the poooh!!!! he's the best fat yellow bear around!
"is worried, scared, and unsure of what to do right now"
"iim freezing my ass off in my room listening to octopuses garden(beatles,if you're not cultured enough to know)"
is planning to learn some new songs...yay!!!
"is dancing in the desert, blowin up the sunshine"
is enfuriated
"""it looks like a goddamn muderscene!!!"".......honestly, i love rednecks, lol"
"i love <propfemale>! <propfirst> may iz the shiz, <propfirst> rocks a falsetto, <propmale> beats a fawesome rythmn, and let's face it....nobody could live without <propfirst> hammering his bass. i know. melodramatic as hell..."
"so darken your clothes, or strike a violent pose. maybe they'll leave you alone, but not me"
im sad
mmmmmm...coffee
mortal kombat iz being a jackass right now
"listening to <propfirst> clapton, making pies"
"saw paranormal activity last night w/ <propfemale> and <propfirst>. not really as outwardly scary as the previews made you think, but it definitely got you thinking."
goodnight world. live well and prosper  love 
working on a devil for <propmale>. he looks too happy to be a devil.....i'll just say he's drunk.
"listening to the who, taking a break from rolling out dough and cutting it(u'd be suprised how tired you get after just an hour)....tommy is definitley one of their best"
playin my guitar
i spent about an hour trying to figure out why my tuner wasn't working....it wasn't turned on.  i feel really stupid right now.
happy thanksgiving to everyone!
"going to a wedding today, i have to get all dressed up"
...and <propmale> has just changed the channel ...again
"""they call me the seeker i've been searching low and high i won't get to get what i'm after till the day i die' -that song is stuck in my head right now"
is feeling very sick
i...love...daft punk
is listening to <propmale> by system of a down
you'd be surprised how much the words 'you're stupid' can bring you down
"is really wishing she had her computer back so she could get some sleep and work on this stupid history essay later, but that's not going to happen any time soon"
eating chili that i just finished making . added hot sauce and onions!!! im in heaven!
listening to a quick one while he's away by the who........new favorite song other than last night on earth(that song is so sweet  smile 
can't sleep
"...<propmale>'s over, cooking stuff.....doing other random stuff..."
i don't know why nobody told you how to unfold your love i don't know how someone controlled you they bought and sold you
feels like a complete piece of shit right now because  someone trusted me with something and i betray that trust...sorry
and your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking and dad would dream of all the different ways to die each one a little more than he could dare to try
"is currently watching <propfemale> trek episode 44, trouble with tribbles. call me a gueek but im a bit of a trekkie....so what?"
now listening to the beatles 1 and singing to eight days a week. i know all these lyrics like the back of my hand.
im really loving neutral milk hotel right now  smile 
losted her ipod... sad 
is soooo tired
i feel like my heart just sank even deeper into my stomach than it was before
listening to a day at the races....haven't heard this one in a while
"i love being alone. it just makes me feel so wanted(not really, everyone hates me)"
"inside i hope you know im dying, with my heart beside me in shattered pieces that may never be replaced, and if i died right now you'd never be the same"
"listening to nofx, still can't find my ipod"
loves the fur <propfemale>
the people who are on <propfirst> springer right now seem to think that beating the shit out of someone who says they don't love you will make them love you....what's new?
"tired, baking cookies and drinking black coffee smile "
is watching weeds  smile 
i love family guy  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
i literally just had a huge cup of black coffee and about thirteen large glasses of water .. .i'm hyper!!!!!!  smile 
"and when some local kid gets down  they try an' drum him outta town they say, ""ya coulda least faked it, boy""fake it, boy (ooh, stranger, boy) at an early age he hits the streetwinds up tired with who he meetsan' he's unemployed (unemployed?) ow!"
"just got back from the green day concert  it was absolutely brilliant  the opening act sucked though, well, the band was good but the lead singer sounded as though he was either getting castrated or he was constipated or possibly both but they only played"
tux is sucha scared little kitty...he's adorable though!!!
god my feet hurt like a bitch
"huntington beach, calif. - the drummer with avenged sevenfold, a rising force in the heavy metal scene, died on monday at his home in southern california, the group and authorities said. <propfirst> <propmale> sullivan, nicknamed ""the rev,"" appeared to have died of natural causes, huntington beach police lt. <propfirst> <propmale> said. he was 28. the orange county coroner's office is investigating the death."
"in liht of the new year i think we all must pay our last respects to <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> (the rev) sullivan, <propfemale> murphy, <propfemale> faucette, and b arthur(laby from the <propfemale> girls)"
"my mom is buddhist, and apparently it is against her religion to watch south park....so im stuck watching the three stooges....this is cruel and unusual punishment!!!!somebody save me!!!!!"
happy new year!!!!!!let's hope its waaay better than '09!!!
"i love the moments that ur with ur family and you wish they would never end cuz ur having a good time, but i hate when everyone leaves. it makes me feel like somethings missing."
old <propmale>'s lab episodes and a pack of raw mushrooms.....heaven
is tired and cranky because the f*ckin deusche bags outside our room will not shut the hell up and go to bed
is watching napoleoon dynamite and slowly cheering up.....you'd be suprised at how much a picture of yourself can bring you down
"i cant keep holding on to what you got, when all you've got is hurt"
tofu chili!!!!!yay!!!
"re-reading the catcher in the rye, trying to get back to sleep but so far i am not having any such luck"
"fell asleep for an hour, had a horribly bad dream involving  <propfemale> o'donnel giant misquitos and the dude from slipknot, then i woke up"
"i officially have the gayest, most awesome dog in the world!!!!love you <propmale>  love "
watching old pokemon until my eyeballs bleed and pop out of their sockets
<propmale> has balls of steel. we dont close for anything....unfortunately
currently listening to the beatles 1. the only thing bad about this album is the ballad of <propfirst> and <propfemale>...
"just saw avatar, it was awesome  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  playful "
"listening to manson, watching football, heavily disliking the <propfirst> cowboys cuz they're bastards and they're winning d:"
just woke up like......an hour ago at 3pm lol
listening to radio head.....cleaning my room.....drinking water......bored...as...hell
"im the class of '13 in the <propfemale> of decent  a hostage of the soul on a strike to pay the rent  the last of the rebels without a common gound, i gotta light a fire into the underground!"
is blessing her ears with the godly melodies of jimi hendrix. peace  smile 
"downloading more <propfemale> on itunes, other than that i am not feeling very good"
listening to mc5.....doing my history homework for once  smile 
i would really like to punch <propmale> mcnabb in the face right now
"beatles, a <propfemale> latte, driving, and batman pj bottoms.....im in heaven"
"is in love with <propmale>& ellwood....if you dont know who they are, you are suffering culturally"
i love <propfemale> arbor. it's the awesomest place in ze world
looking at houses...surprisingly this is more fun than it seems
'it's a matter of professional integrity! no girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not!'-sherlock holmes
watching young frankenstein!!!love this movieeee
jd salinger is dead   sad  rip
juno is sooooo cute!  smile 
"is no longer in heaven, infact, this could very well be considered hell by any standards"
i am on a mission from god!!! lol
i'll wait in this place where the sun never shines;wait in this place where the shadows run from themselves.
listening to <propfemale> la gloria...awesome song
oasis rocks........life is comparatively ok
hates living in a world full of selfish egotistical people
listening to paramore
"the stupid computer is being a <propmale>, but what else is new"
"life is too short to wake up with regrets. so love the people who treat you right. forget about the one's who don't. believe everything happens for a reason. if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands. if it changes your life, let it. nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it. post to your wall if you agree!"
watching <propfemale> & <propfirst>
i love the doors  smile 
"'mclovin? what kind of name is that fogle? what, do you want to be some sort of <propfemale> r&b singer?' lol i love superbad"
fingers stopped tingling...i guess that could be considered a good thing
"is listenin to a7x! critical acclaim, to be exact"
i love <propfirst> mcfly lol.
"i tear my heart open, i sew myself shut my weakness is, that i care too much"
"in the end, im just another fucked up little human, why should i matter to anyone?"
"looks like a cool drink of water, but he's <propfemale> coated misery"
is laughing her ass off watching <propfirst> dawson(thank you <propfirst>)
is shopping for a cheap desktop computer
purple haze all in my brain  lately things don't seem the same acting funny and i don't know why excuse me while i kiss the sky
you'd be surprised at the great amount of lyrical inspiration one gets from going to church (and not because i liked it either)
"even though i severely dislike journey, i cannot stop listening to 'don't stop believing'.....what is the world coming to?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(infinite exclamation points to over exaggerate this problem i am having with stupid 80s power rock)"
"in that virginity thingy, i meant to say old maid"
i love <propfirst> orbison
"words are pouring out like endless rain into a paper cup, they slither while they pass they slip away across the universe, pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my open mind possessing and caressing me"
"blech...sick. ugh, at least i have invader zim and late work to keep me preoccupied"
the cat is very amused by the string i am dragging on the floor...
"one last <propmale> to reverse this curse, you stole my heart but i had it first"
is drinking one huge cup of strong black coffee...yum!!!
"i hate axl <propfemale>, but i love guns n' <propfemale>s"
"izzzzz listening to fall out boy, and has lost her ipod"
"listening to <propfirst> swift, she's actually really good"
"while cleaning my room i have found 30 empty cans of diet dr pepper, 40 bottles of water, 1 american idiot cd, 1 pink ferbie, my printer, numerous gum wrappers, 1 empty sourpatch box, tons of homework, my history book, and my lost copy of master of puppets  , among all this useless crap i still have not seen the 8 gb of my life that went missing two days ago it very sad."
"i luuuuuuuuuuve the office......and skittles. i like other things too, it's just that thoae particular things are alott better."
<propfirst> swift is awesome to my ears right now  sad 
modest mouse rocks
"hahahahahaha, <propfirst> dawson  smile "
"since i'm stereotyped to kill and destruct, its one of the main reasons why i don't give a fuck (love n.w.a., 100 <propmale> and runnin)"
now you don't talk so loud now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging for your next meal. how does it feel how does it feel to be without a home like a complete unknown like a rolling stone ?
watchin the dark knight  smile 
watchin the red carpet. gettin rid of a stupid headache that i got from dehydration. i think spending the better part of my day at the mall had something to do with it too.
"a part of me just died a little inside  sad  <propmale> bryar is no longer the drummer of my chemical romance. it seems to me that lately all of the bad stuff is happening to the best bands. this stinks. im gonna go drink a two liter bottle of dr. pepper. when life pisses in my face, dr. pepper is the key."
i love <propfirst> <propmale> zimmerman (props if u know who that is  smile 
i love mott the hoople
my nose feels like an inflated red balloon  sad  at least i have puffs plus with the comforting scent of vicks to soothe it
"do or die, you'll never make me because the world will never take my heart go and try, you'll never break me"
"made a pizza, listened to one of the worlds' best composers, watched south park, and cleaned the kitchen a bit. i'm tired."
"so tired, tired of waiting, tired of waiting for you"
i just got fable 2!!!so excited!
"i extremely dislike being sick  sad  i seriously feel like ive just blown my brains and possibly a good fourth of my guts out of my nose.....also, being sick puts me in the mood to listen to tons of old school rap music.....interesting"
had tons of fun spending the day in <propfemale> arbor w/ free prevost  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile i love that place!it's soooo awesome  smile 
a seven nation army couldn't hold me back  smile 
"listening to the white stripes, attempting to organize all of my school work"
i fail to comprehend the logic of using spoons instead of an actual scooper to scoop ice cream. especially when the spoons get all bent up and ruined in the process.
i have the best dog in the world  smile 
no sleep for me tonight
listening to the wall....such a masterpiece of an album  smile 
going to watch code geass while spending all night on algebra homework that i really should have done ages ago....
"i'm tired of being drowned by people who are trying to help me, who only ever end up pushing me deeper into the water"
"see you, space cowboy...... smile "
on to homework...and more code geass for the next ten or so hours  smile 
i love my family. enough said.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.........................................................................................................................lol
i don't like cold coffee.... sad 
my thoughts are for japan and it's citizens  sad  mother nature is a bitch
"we constantly want more material items, but in a time of chrisis would our ipods, cellphones, computers or gaming systems really be that important anymore?thousands of people in japan are confirmed dead, even more so are missing think about that the next time you complain about not having what you want."
i'm absolutely in love with jar of hearts right now  smile 
i swear my dad bitches about every damn thing under the sun....
 smile  listening to the spill canvas  smile 
<propfirst> cullen= overgrown dead fetus
watching the girl with the dragon tattoo.. smile 
watching the <propmale> horror picture show.....pretty good movie so far  smile 
bakin a birthday cake... playful 
had sooooo much fun in <propfemale> arbor yesterday  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
you only hear the music when your heart begins to break....
there's no such thing as undying love or everlasting friendship
"i have friday stuck in my head, and it will not leave......i have been blasting cradle of filth for the past hour and it's still there.....somebody please shoot me d:"
"green day, pink <propmale>, led zeppelin, u2, mcr, a7x, the white stripes, the black keys, the doors, metallica, the beatles, the spill canvas, the who, the clash, <propfirst> halen, the strokes, cream, jimmi hendrix, rage against the machine, linkin park, disturbed, tool, ac/dc, gnr, fallout boy, daft punk, the gorillaz, <propfemale> manson, five finger death punch, megadeth, <propfemale> in chains, the rolling stones, the eagles,"
i miss my <propmale> and smokey  sad 
i am in love with <propfemale>'s coffee creamer  smile   smile   smile   smile 
i has fun bashing stupid politicians... smile 
why is it that technology is continuously srewing me over today?
i just found the best website for free dubbed anime!!!!this makes my day...or at least the hour 1/2 left of it at any rate...
now watching rear window.....i love hitchcock
"now watching a clockwork orange, and i love it  smile  smile  smile  smile "
"give me your heart, make it real, or else forget about it  smile  song of the day: smooth by annoyed antana"
"watching weeds, waiting for my creme brulee to be done  sad  it's taking forever"
"trying in every possible way to forget about the assholes in my life, and making an effort to be happy for once with out them bringing me down"
"feels so happy about the rescue of the chilean miners today  smile  2nd highlight of my month, next to my insanely fawesome sketch pad"
i really really really do not like twilight  sad 
my dad is blasting <propmale> jackson.....i'm pretty sure i have died and gone to hell.
"before i run far awayi need to take a holidaymaybe it's a fall from gracei gotta find a new placeholiday- boys like girls  love "
lestat and dracula could kick the sparkling pansy(edward cullen's)ass
lol...i left the volume on the tv at 34 and my dad just turned it on and got blasted with perfect weapon by the black veil brides......i'm evil  smile 
watching the exorcist
watching bored to death lol smile  best show ever next to mad men and fringe
"people who were once my friends now seem like vacant houses on an old and abandoned road, they leave me stone cold and do not welcome me in anymore"
"woke up this morning feeling less like p. diddy, and more like tupac"
i hate how my ipod only has 8 feeble gigs of space on it
why do i care so much about the judgement of someone who hates me?
"top 15 tv shows:1) family guy2)mad men3)bored to death4)project runway5)true blood6) <propmale> cooper 3607)the osbournes smile  south park9)daria10)all that11) real time with <propmale> maher12) the o'reilly factor(because i like laughing at <propmale>y boy)13) fringe14)tim and <propfirst>15)the venture bros"
you father's rage and your mother's love made me the idiot <propfemale>
i cant believe i lost my fellowship of the ring disc! right when i really really really really really really want to watch the whole trilogy! i hate myself right now
"making a new itunes library, so far i have downloaded <propmale> <propmale>, cream, led zeppelin, green day, the who, and the beatles    only about 75 more bands to add! yippie! i could possibly be done with this tedious task in the next 10 hours"
"is listening to toxicity, pretty good album  smile "
"feels really sick, but cant stay home because the people i live with won't let me."
hollywood undead rock  smile 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is an amazing song...i love mj
yum...coffee and dr. pepper  smile 
"i swear to god, teen pregnancy has probably gone down by 50% since black ops came out...."
"jam laugh ude looks like a lady, mood: deprived of coffee"
had the best time ever at treya's....the crow is my new favorite movie....lol!
"it's times like these when i am reminded of how music is the air i breathe, and how without it i would not exsist"
my ipod (aka 8gb of pure evils that seeks to destroy me) just gave me the black screen of death
i have just discovered the awesomeness of audioslave. haha
"i just found a library book that was due on april 24th, 2008....."
listenin to old school costello... smile 
i knew that ass had it in for the dog...
i was officially ungrounded as of a week ago so u can stop hiding the xbox cable
just found and downloaded appetite for destruction! makes me smile  smile 
"in less than twenty four hours i will officially be halfway to thirty....yay, im old."
working on my power point for english
anxious about life right now
left my jimi hendrix shirt in mi  sad 
listenin to the gorillaz......thinkin im gonna watch die hard later
10 things i love: 1)music 2)family/friends 3)the smell of hyacinths 4)my guitar 5)my dawg <propmale> 6)my cat smokey 7)horror movies  smile my plants 9)my pretty bed sheets 10)dr pepper
listening to the <propfirst> mathers lp....the first album i ever fully remember listening to on a constant basis on the way home from catholic school when i was a kid... smile 
is now watching the most epic battle known to mankind
song of the day: <propfemale> by: <propmale> cocker  smile 
"watched 'i love you man' for the first time in months, and now i can't get <propmale> sawyer out of my head"
"jam: voodoo child, mood annoyed leepy"
"dying....of....boredom....gonna go listen to led zeppelinii, hopefully that will cure it.......i love black dog"
you've been thunderstruck
i love staying up late
watching dr. strangelove  smile  i love kubrick
unleashing my inner jedi at the moment...
i hate everything about me
"in five hours i have listened to: zeppelin, aerosmith, metallica, the beatles and clapton"
owwwwwww.....tooth...hurts...really bad : smile  smile (
watching no country for old men. what's the most you ever lost in a coin toss?
"going back to mi today, nothing could be more depressing"
system of a down rocks!!!!!
"inside your restless soul, your heart is dying. little one, little one the sky is fallin, of love and razorblades your blood is searching. runaway from the river to the street, and find yourself with your face in the gutter. you're a stray from the salvation army. there is no place like home, when you've got no place to go - little girl by: green day.-song of the day"
listening to <propmale>  smile 
watching interview. im addicted.
"mom is having a <propmale> nostalgia moment, it is extremely uncomfortable  sad "
"jam: scream, mood annoyed leepy   goodnight!"
is madly in love with <propfirst> radke's voice
woke up at 6am this morning.....this is not supposed to happen in the summer
"downloading iron maiden and megadeath,  next will be <propfirst> bowie and u2"
"i must say, my ramones poster looks utterly radiant next to our favorite little hobbit, frodo  smile "
"life is the savage garden. full of flowers which, from a distance are breathtaking, but up close we find that they are ugly weeds which will prick at our fingers with their sharp thorns."
now watching the <propfirst> witch project
i cannot believe that franken <propfirst> is only sold on amazon. com and for $28.00!! this is highway robbery!i shouldn't have to pay that much to taste the delight that is my favorite pink monster
i.love.movies.
must watch every movie on the american film institute's list...this may take a while
just watched iron man 2......it was famazing!
feeling very glum
moving four months before school ends is really going to screw me over.....ugh
lovin <propmale> right now  smile 
gollum has a freakishly huge head...
lil <propmale> and young money  smile 
just watched the return of the king....i'm still crying
youtube is being a complete bastard right now...
"lady gaga scares me  sad ......but i should be used to it, i listen to manson"
song of the day: vampire money by: my chemical romance  smile  smile  smile  smile 
weighed my dm's today. 1lb each haha
i think today must be asshole day
is watchin bleach
watchin 8 mile
reading the funniest essay ever on deviantart and laughing my ass off while doing so...
awesome family=awesome xmas!! i love you all!!!!
bakin bread  smile 
119 schools closed....still no <propmale>
"list of things that best friends are: they are the people who can make you scream in the middle of a crowded hallway, they are the people that you can have crazy iside jokes about pickles with, they are the people make you lol over insane obsessions or random-wig-wearing, and most of all, they are the best people you will ever meet. so never let them go  smile "
i give up
iam lovin ziggy stardust  smile 
count on death note for some very dramatic chocolate eating scenes...
"burnin an aerosmith cd  smile  next is zz top, then <propfirst> halen, then u2  smile  smile  smile  smile "
cannot sleeepppppppppppppp.at all. i wish i could be watching <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 right now.........................................................
somebody please tell me....is there school or not?
"has just realized how awesome the old etf stuff sounds  sad  to bad it can never be that way again, but the new stuff is awesome too"
"delaware is not my home, nor will it ever be my home. but fuck my opinion, right? i'm used to dropping everything ive ever known for other people so this shouldn't be a big deal for me"
im tired but i cannot sleep.......huge effin headache to deal with right now.... sad 
is falling in love with the white stripes  smile 
i love listening to the smashing pumpkins  smile 
power school is being a bastard  sad 
"fever is gonnneeeee!!!....had a great thanksgiving besides being sick most of the day, and not being able to eat the meal. i love my family. y'all are amazing  smile "
i do not understand why we have to leave at 4am when we have the whole goddamned day tomorrow to spend ten hours in the car listening to shitty music and slamming on the breaks so hard it makes the passenger in the back seat's head hit the floor
"1 math review, 1 science review, late work to catch up on, english work....what to accomplish first"
"jam: la grange, mood:rockin  smile "
trying to find a place to <propfemale> mcr.....i have realized that i have more shit than i thought i did
has california dreaming stuck in her head d:
hates it when little children use obsessive amounts of curse words just to make themselves sound cool....
when all you know is so far away and everything is temporary
i love modest mouse right now
inception was amazing  smile  smile  smile  smile 
hates being the fly who always gets caught in the middle of a web of bullshit
"thinking about heavy metal, and death note.....and anime club.....mostly anime club  smile "
watching bringing up baby  smile  hehehe
school time....yippie...
is currently drawing  smile 
had a dream the other day that darth vader was sitting in our kitchen eating lucky charms...
can't nelieve school's almost over  sad  im sad because i know there's a good <propmale> that i won't any of you wonderful people ever again  sad 
"i'm not broke, but you can see the cracks"
"i still can't belive i'm seeing u2 on the 30th, it will be the most amazing day this year  smile "
song of the day: it was written in blood by: bring me the horizon
"and if your head e playful lodes with dark forebodings too, i'll see you on the dark side of the <propfemale>."
i love coldplay  smile 
stupid activation code for classzone isn't working!it's funny how they decide to pull this shit right when i actually want to do my homework....like they have somesort of 'screw up <propfemale>'s life' beeper that goes off every single opportunity it gets or something...
looking at houses in connecticut  smile 
"im fucking up left and right today......ah well, must watch more <propfemale> trek...and drink more coffee"
"i vow to always stay faithful to my friendsi vow that i will tell someone how i really feel, even if it means they might get hurti vow to not be cowardi vow never to be a fake"
like my status and i'll tell you: 1. something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds. 2. the color you remind me of. 3. my first memory of you. 4. the animal you remind me of. 5. ask something i've always wondered about you. 6. my favorite thing about you. 7. give... you a weird nickname. 8. dare you to repost
"like a friend, we saw it through. in the end i gave my life for you."
listening to disturbed  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
goin to <propmale>  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  playful 
i used to be an ok kid. then i got hold of a manson tee shirt and a copy of dookie...all moral values were flushed down the toilet. probablt mom and dad's sanity went with them...
"jam: animal i have become, mood: satisfied  smile "
metallica  smile 
"oh my dear coffee, whatever would i do without you?"
the mouse works!!!!!!
the girl with the dragon tattoo is amazing. easily one of the best movies we own  smile 
five minutes late!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i really want to watch 30 days of night right now. i've been suffering from gore deprivation syndrome for too long....
my room has now been officially declared dangerous to walk through. you have been warned!
i have a laptop charger that works!!!!!!!!!! smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"i slept for four hours....now i won't be able to sleep at all....internet is being a huge pooshitter, and before you ask, yes, i did just say pooshitter. don't ask,just another example of how random i am....."
i can see my floor....this is an epic day indeed  smile 
all i want is a little of the good life
i really do not like <propmale> <propmale> at all...
facebook stalking people is soooo fun  laugh 
"damn science homework....grrrrrrr.... but at least i get to watch bleach while im doing it...yay....lol, im a nerd..."
i hate hypocrites
"apparently i'm weird....i knew that already, and actually, i am quite proud of it  smile "
might see avenged sevenfold!!!!!!!!and hollywood undead!!!!!!!!!!arrrrrrghhhhhhhh....if i cant go im gonna be sad  sad 
"wants very badly to snuggle up in her nice, warm bed with her lovely animals  love "
"madly in love with this is war, by 30 seconds to mars....amazing song"
my american idiot cd seems to have sprouted legs and run away from me  sad 
is watching oprah  smile 
so glad i don't have to go to gym tomorrow...
"ok so it's almost 5am, i have to leave for a seven hour long trip in less than three hours, i haven't even begun to pack, and my shit is literally strewn out across the entire room....do i know how to prepare or what?"
is waiting for her best friend to get online!!!!!gahhhh!!!!
"jam: icky thump, mood: rockin"
is reading the iliad  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"american idiot, poprocks, and coffee just made my day"
watching the departed....
2001 definitley goes on my list of all time favorite sci-fi flicks  smile  smile  smile  smile 
i am such a nerd  playful 
"wastenaw county, do not fail me now. i flushed four icecubes down the toilet today!four."
"summer makes me want to listen to ac/dc, the beach boys, and led zeppelin"
"jam: enter sandman, mood annoyed ife is a bitch"
"of all the rediculous band names ive heard, dead fetus surely takes the cake..."
i  love  the white stripes  smile 
"i love my new sketch book!!!!thank you treya's grandma!!!!......also thanyou <propfemale> for being the delivery person, and maitreyaaaa because you are awesome!"
is drawing <propfemale> <propfemale>
now listening to the original sweet child of mine to hopefully repair atleast half of the damage that my ears were just subjected to fifteen minutes ago....
"drummer for slipknot just died. prolly over dosed, because there was drug paraphernalia at the scene. honestly? what is the world coming to ...."
"jam: coma white, mood: bored"
is now drawing lestat  smile 
"i don't deserve the life i have. i don't deserve the family i was born into, they're all too nice and kindhearted and im such a mean person to them"
i love writing essays  love 
who would go out to the store at midnight just to buy eclipse?
"life does not need a definition like normal or weird, it just needs to be lived with love and kindness"
"....i miss my babies  sad . <propmale> and smokey, i love you  love "
for some reason i really want to listen to the rise and fall of ziggy stardust.....i will when im done listening to danger days for the second time  smile 
is listening to the smiths  laugh ddd
at least now that it's the summer i wont have any of my parent's little spies on here telling them when im online.
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together... i love <propfirst> lennon
"i hate listening to rap without profanity, it's like peanut butter without jelly..."
haha...apple whithdrawl symptoms....
"deathly hallows part one was amazing...beutifully acted, and it definitley captured the feeling of the book  smile  i want to see it again  smile  smile  smile "
does not plan on getting any sleep tonight....
drinking some very strong coffee......**wails**i miss redbull!!!!!!!!!**sobs**
"wants to know how it'spossible to type in <propfirst> <propfemale>, and get a picture of <propfirst> hamill..."
...i...want...coffee...
tooth hurts!!!!!!!!!!!!!
l died.....im crying  sad 
new mcr album released today  smile   smile   smile  makes me happpyyyy
pantera  love  one of the bestest metal bands ever  smile 
is still having a hard time believing <propfirst> sullivan is gone  sad 
carpal tunnel is a five letter word d: but rockin out to vivaldi helps the pain numb down
"i am thankful for my best friends this thanksgiving. you guys make me laugh when i feel like crying, live when ifeel like dying, and you force me to see the sun on a cloudy day. the best part is, you don't even know the half of how much you all mean to me. i would be nowhereright now if not for you guys  smile  to- <propfirst> cannarella, <propfemale> bowlsby, maitreya menge, and <propfemale> crick"
"according to my lovely sister <propfemale> <propfemale> comisiak, the roads are ""trecherous""...let's hope <propmale> schools think so too."
phase one of the rubber band ball project has begun
"snap, crackle and pop are gay with the keebler elves...."
holy schnitzel!!!!!!!!! we got a snow daaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate <propfirst> <propfemale>
i have purple haze stuck in my head
"icp makes me sick. i dont know how people can fathom listening to them for more than a microsecond."
"parental unit #1 lives in a diffirent state, parental unit #2 works from 2-11 smile 0 at night, sibling unit is either at work or at library. that is why i don't plan dinner because reason a) there's nobody around, and reason b) i'd bet you my life that if i did make something nobody would touch it anyway, so stop complaining"
listening to manson and cleaning  smile 
.....i miss my <propfemale> wars poster  sad 
"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay. my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice -people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking for acceptance and equal rights. 93% won't copy and paste this. ...will you make it your status for at least one hour? promo......te love & acceptance! not hate. period."
listening to slipknot.....poor <propfirst> gray  sad 
you know you've watched too many horror movies when water starts dripping from your sink and the sound freaks you out...
listening to enema of the state...this is like a flash from the past
"jam: ghost of the navigator, mood: peace  smile ))"
nobody in their right mind would compare jk rowling to <propfemale> meyer
i'm so damn bored i'm going blind
another brick in the wall
"finished reading v for vendetta  smile  <propmale> moore is hands down one of the best comic creators of all time....listening to cream now, trying to sleep. it's not working"
watching aqua teen....i can literally feel my brain cells whithering away in my head
watchin aliens  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  i love sci-fi!
"saw eclipse.....my eyes are still burning, but the dude who plays <propmale> is hot  smile "
so tired
"about to make some vegetarian pizza  smile "
has been listening to mott and led zepp nonstop all weekend  smile 
"i swear to god if i listen to another minute of according to you, i will become clinically insane  sad  this is coming from someone who survived the 90s....."
ahhhhhhh metalocalypse..........it's been far too long
i am now going to have nightmares about skiing ostriches for the rest of my life.....o.0
metallica and sabbath....all i have to say is...amazing  smile 
"has come to the conclusion that too much caffeine and horror movies= really cool,yet insanely freaky dreams about zombies. i am not talking night of the living dead zombies either, im talking scary scared-you-for-life zombies....."
song of the day: crazy bitch by: buckcherry  smile   smile   smile 
watchin fringe  smile 
"let me take you down cause i'm going to strawberry fields, nothing is real, and nothing to get <propmale> about, strawberry fields forever"
"just got done cleaning my carpet w/ bleach and oxy clean...it worked!!! no more coffee stains!....but now the upstair hallway smells like bleach, and so do i so that part sorta sucks..."
just got nightmare in the mail  smile  already importing the disc on itunes  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
song of the day: kids in love by: mayday parade
"always quick to defend yourself, always quick to blame another person. that's how selfish you are."
huge huge huge mfin centipede!!!i swear to god this thing is like terminator centipede or something.....it's scary  sad 
<propmale> springsteen rocks  smile 
hitler fish!!!!!!!!!!
"i want to know how storm troopers, with tons of armor and ammo, get taken down by ewoks....it doesn't make sense"
my mother just said that metallica sounds like ozzy......we cannot possibly be related
attempting to master the <propmale> of the tofu burger
i don't call it praying...i call it hoping like hell
"in need of a feel good movie, so im gonna watch misery"
lalalalalalala..............booooorrrrrrrrrredddddddddd
gaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!writer's block is thee worst ailment known to humankind!!!!!
"i'll wait in this place where the sun never shines, wait in this place where the shadows run from themselves- white room, cream"
<propfemale> la <propfemale>
"jam: prom <propfemale>, mood sad hillen"
"3more days of freedom before i get sent, completely unarmed, into hell..."
daft punk  smile 
"it really peeves me when little children use obscene amounts of profanity just to sound 'cool'......it's aggravating as hell, and it gives me headaches. you don't sound cool, you sound stupid."
watching spongebob makes me feel like an intelligent human being
has a <propmale> headache from assholes who decide to turn on their brights when they really don't need to....
went to see guys and dolls last night. it was amazing  smile 
grrrrrr..........woke up this morning with wwhite black and pink colors on my laptop screen and i don't know how the hell it happened  sad 
soy <propfemale> perdedor
downloading october  smile  smile  smile  i love u2 smile 
listening to buckcherry. <propmale> <propmale>'s voice is cool  smile 
my amazing mom pre-ordered nightmare for me....i will listen to it nonstop when it gets to the apartment  smile  smile  smile  too bad it will most likely be their last album as avenged sevenfold  sad 
music is definitley my drug of choice
"had a sudden urge to revisit the days of old and decided to listen to old <propfemale> spears hits. makes me remember that,once upon a time in a galaxy far far away, i owned a copy of baby one more time. not my choice, but i cant say i didn't enjoy it all the same."
just heard that they're doing a remake of child's play....what is the world coming to?
"we are going to have school tomorrow, no ifs, ands or buts about it. if <propfemale> arbor hasn't closed, we sure as hell won't so there's no point in getting all excited about it"
<propfemale> trek!!!!!!!! smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"the beatles, or led zeppelin? pick which one you like the best."
"screw it, im staying up"
limewire is being a bitch right now  sad 
pan's labyrinth is amazing
"i get really peeved when people sit around and complain about stuff, when it is in their control, and they can do something to change it. be proactive, not reactive. it's not that hard."
"love is blindness, i don't want to see"
here comes the sun kig
may the force be with you
ugh....toothache....
"fifteen favorite albums:1) american idiot2)abbey road3)welcome to the black parade4) avenged sevenfold5) achtung baby6) ocean eyes7) blue smile  <propfirst> halen 19) sweet baby <propfirst>10)who's next11) straight outta compton12) discovery13)blood on the tracks14) pet sounds15)master of puppets"
3rd cup of coffee this morning  smile 
watching <propfemale>  smile  i missed this show so much
song of the day: search and destroy by: iggy and the stooges   smile 
lalallllalalalalalallalalalalalalalalaaalalahdhdgehehejwbdyxuwmdhducjdjuwuiqwertyuoopasgdhfjfkglncdn/)/)627/!$/8@/)/$:$-!/&-8 smile 36366718&1&&&$$$)/)/&&:8&)$/)/)/$
i don't love you like i did yesterday
has a headache....hoping some heavy metal will get rid of it  smile 
people are not cereal boxes...we don't need lables
"my soda can seems to have sprouted legs, and walked away from me"
new ipod  smile  160 gbs of awesomeness  smile  yay!
has a fever...this is the best day of my life
"big fat thankyous to all the wonderful peoples who wished me a happy birthday both on facebook, aand anywhere else!!!you guys are awesome  smile  smile  smile "
r.i.p. <propmale> <propmale>
listening to nightmare(album) is so weird because the rev's voice is in every song.... sad 
song of the day: the guillotine by escape the fate
"song of the day: when i go out, i'm going out on a chariot of fire by: escape the fate"
just realized that blood is pouring out of her nose...fun
i reallt hate crying
naruto smile 
song of the day: hurricane by 30 seconds to mars(feat. kanye west)
suckiest.movie.ending.ever.
r.i.p. <propfirst> haviland  sad 
gonna see <propmale> potter seven part 1 in less than a half hour!!!!eeeeeeekkkk!!!!sooo excited!
new single by my chemical romance is amazing...the new album is gonna be orgasmic....
song of theday: you're gonna go far kid by: the offspring
"hates racist conservative assholes.....at least, at 12 am, anyway...."
watching <propfirst> pilgrim  smile   smile   smile  it rocks so far  smile   smile   smile 
let it be is the most overplayed beatles song ever.........
"it's sometimes overwhelming when i think about how much my friends mean to me. before i met them, my life was dull, now that i know them, i can't imagine living without them. it would be like a butterfly without wings. i want you all (you know who you are) to know that you are my wings, and without you i cannot fly. just sayin'"
"i hate when people take pictures of me, and yet they insist on doing so anyway...believe me, nothing is more depressing to look at."
"i just had a daydream that ulysses(aka the most sloggish book i have ever attempted to read) sprouted legs and arms, and began smacking me upside the head....."
watching meet me in st. <propfirst>  smile 
apparently nobody in this house actually knows how to knock on a door before they barge in except me...can get really annoying sometimes
song of the day: stay together for the kids by: blink- 182  smile 
has officially fallen in love with the first boys like girls album all over again....
song of the day: tik tok by ke$ha
ahhhhhh linkin park  smile  it's been far too long...
i just 'liked' about 20 something diffirent things....i'm officially addicted to 'liking' things on facebook
"dude from cellphone commercial: it makes sense when you don't think about it..me playful shhhhhh, yeah, so did the bush presidency..."
"has a thousand regrets, and can't let them go"
"if the music is too loud, then you're too old"
cracking up over funny quotes that i'm reading online...lol
"essay is done. now i have to work on those damn sentences.....booyah, i can't wait...."
"death <propfemale> shine, ligt up the sky....song of the day: give me a sign by: breaking <propmale>  smile "
song of the day: like a stone by audioslave  smile  booyah
"i swear, tomo milicevec's guitar solos make me cry sometimes"
just got danger days in the mail  smile .....i can alreadytell that i will never regret this purchase
i miss limewire....my life is empty now  sad 
the town od <propmale> has zero cultural diversity....it's actually quite boring
can't wait til hp 7 part 1 comes out  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
needs.coffee.now!.
"we're sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band, sit back and let the evening go..."
it's a pathetic world we live in today.
song of the day: na na na by my chemica romance
exciteeeedddddddd....new story ideasssssss  smile 
"lol....metallica in history today. even if it wasn't nearly as loud as i sometimes blast it in my room, it's still cool that my history teacher likes them  smile "
"mean mister mustard sleeps in the parkshaves in the dark trying to save papersleeps in a hole in the roadsaving up to buy some clotheskeeps a ten <propmale> note up his nosesuch a mean old man"
i wonder if ipods can sprout legs......
song of the day: all because of you by: u2
song of the day: black <propfemale> by bad company
who stays up til the wee hours of the morning on a coffee high wrighting crappy poems and lyrics? pshhhhhh....not me  wink 
listening to the <propmale> potter and the sorcerer's stone audio book........this makes me feel old  sad 
"listening to kill hannah....and i am loving what i'm hearing, i am quite happy to say"
is watching soul eater  love  it's amazing  smile   smile   smile   smile 
death note.....greatest creation known to makind  smile 
"had a slight dispute with mi madre, and it seems like i'm puking my guts out every hour....this is going to be one helluva night, i can already tell  sad "
"animes to watch or finish watching1)bleach2)naruto(1st series)3)ergo proxy4)fma: brotherhood5)romeoxjuliet6)rurouni kenshin7)blood+ smile cowboy bebop9)helsing10)soul eater"
about to watch let the right one in  smile 
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during the second wizarding war. the order brings unity, but the death eaters continue to <propmale> division and hatred. 57ish citizens died in the...terrorist attack against hogwarts. 93% of you won't repost this. repost to show your support of dumbledore's army"
song of the day: telephone by: lady gaga featuring beyonce
song of the day: airplanes by:b.o.b. featuring <propfemale> <propmale>
the only person i'll ever really hate is me
"r.i.p. <propmale> morrison, an american poet and dreamer, and one of the best musicians out there"
song of the day: suffragette city by: <propfirst> bowie  smile 
i  love  led zeppelin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
song of the day: i don't love you by: my chemical romance
"ipod on shuffle.....playing some awesome shit....still waiting for a certain friend to get online, but in the meantime i suppose i could suffer through cleaning my room d:"
"officially my chemical romance's new album is the shit. if you haven't listened to it, you are culturally deprived. enough said."
"hanging out with my mommy, ltening to aerosmith, and cooking...... life is good  smile  happy new year!"
just woke up  smile 
guitars are epic. nothing more to say  smile 
song of the day: sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band by: the beatles  smile 
song of the day: stairway to heaven by annoyed ed zeppelin
"just got through a half and hour of people forcing their beliefs on me. just because i don't pray, doesn't mean that i'm not thinking about someone who is in pain. i don't care if you are ashamed of me because in my eyes, this is what makes me happy, so you shouldn't be. i love you for you, and you should feel the same for me regardless of our religious diffirences."
i  love  invader zim!!!!!
"bet nobody can answer all of these questions right. full name:________age:_____ birthday:__________ nickname:_________favorite color:__________ favoritesport:_________favorite song:__________ favorite number:__________favorite person ever:_________ post this as your status, ... and see who know's you best"
is going to revisit the old days and watch the first episodes of south park  smile 
"<propmale> schools is thinking about starting up glo again. i can't remember what it stands for exactly, cuz i'm just awesome like that, but i do know that it is a support group for homosexual teens/ teens who wish to take part in it. anyone who would consider joining please comment on this post or send a private message to me. this is basically just to get an idea of how many people would like to join."
"good morning, my precious minions! let's start the day with a nice cup of super hot black coffee, shall we?"
having fun on mibba right now  smile 
i miss limewire........ sad 
today is not a day for going to school.....but i'm going anyway.
107.1 is playing some good music...they must know i'm listening  smile 
listening to the silence in black and white by hawthorne heights.....reminds me of how much i miss <propfirst> calvert  sad  but it's an amazing album  smile 
about to watch children of the corn  smile 
"this little usb hub person is soooo cuuute! i think i'm gonna name him ferdinand!!thankyou <propfemale> and <propmale>, you guys are awesome  smile "
at a really boring party right now........ sad 
"be who you wanna be, and love who you wanna love"
song of the day: hey you by: pink floyd!!!!!!!!! laugh 
song of the day: paperthin hymn by: anberlin  smile 
is missing her bestfriend right now ***sighs*** living 700+ <propmale> away makes it hard to see eachother  sad 
"everybody, flush an icecube down your toilet pronto! we need to have another snow day, it is necessary."
sipping coffee with a straw  smile  yum
finger on the trigger to my dear juliet......i love escape the fate
i feel so stupid rigt now...
**sniffles**the white stripes broke up**sniffles**  sad 
"wow...i was thinking about nightmare by avenged sevenfold, i turned on the radio, and it was playing......o.0"
just saw a commercial for an on demand coffee maker. coffee. on demand....i want one of these babies for my birthday.
i miss my mommy  crying 
fergie is singing sweet child of mine......d: i need axl rose!!!!!!!: smile  smile  smile  smile  smile (
i just watched someone completely butcher evanescence and lady gaga on american idol....
sometimes i wish i could actually think before i talk
"algebra, cappucino and anime.....doesn't get much better than this  smile "
just took some medicine...hopefully theurge to vomit will go away now
constructing a cd full of heavy metal so that a certain friend of mine can piss off her father  playful 
valentines day is a bitch...
"a fire burns today, of blasphemy and genocide  smile "
"ok, i have just downed about 1/2 a pot of coffee. i am not sleeping, and i don't feel like doing my homework so there better be a damn snow day tomorrow or else i will be pissed"
listenin to n.w.a. and lovin it
"im watchin <propfemale>'s next top model,and sewing dots on my dice  smile ,"
