234
92c2432020f0ea1b708d7332bfa2c171
33
-
why do all the good tv shows have to only be on once a week!
college seems like it's going to be... interesting this year.
"""screw the rules i have green hair!"""
i've gone soft in my 'old' age lol
"fma brotherhood's newest episode rocked my socks! seriously people, it's mind blowing! yes, i am a fan girl... (jk)"
day off tomorrow... cool beans!
"finally saw coraline, got it on dvd, it's really awesome!"
it's been 11 days! the best 11 days of my life!!! *dances around*
must see episode 29... *twitch* why are each one only 22 mins long?!? :'<
is bored! :'<
freaking my cuz out is amazing!
"will it ever stop?!?! agh! god, were the tissues gone? gimme!"
"brill, friday tomorrow! i loves friday's especially after 4 in the afternoon.  laugh "
i still have't found the bloody tissues!  annoyed 
is fed up of being ill all the time! > sad 
quizzaz time! oh yeah...! (overly enthusiastic... -_-')
and now the net is being crappy n slow! today sucks.
this is so easy to use!
damn colds! damn who ever gave it to me!  surprise 
lookin forward to thursday!
mysterygoogle.com is great when extremely bored...  laugh 
awesome! weekend time...  laugh 
oh not again...  annoyed 
so sleepy... -_-
tis fatherkins' 53rd birthday today... how time flies.
so tired... stupid dreams! leave me alone!  sad 
i have never been more annoyed with an anime in my life! why does the main character have to be so bloody stupid? > surprise 
oh the nostalgia... klonoa you're so awesome!
i need to play klonoa so badly right now... why is my ps2 not connected? why has <propfemale> got the wii remake? gah! d:
maybe listening to the klonoa soundtrack isn't helping the situation.
finally got to play klonoa 2. i still get freaked out when klonoa is close/going to fall - i also still freak out on that level where that boss chases. i also ramble (a lot) about the weirdest things; but i can't seem to hold a normal conversation.  laugh 
"everything is falling, what? why?"
morning!
saw a lovely parrot.
what's up?
morning again!
"morning, yet again people! the holiday is going so fast.  sad "
oh what a laugh maaaan-face!
i'm surprised no one has complained about my laughing. o.o
night everyone!
mornin'!
"i want to hear more of it. next time, i hope."
why do i have a twitter?
what a day.
"haha, procrastination station in the nation! yeah..."
needs a freakin' hair cut.  laugh 
what's on your mind?
crys-t! i'm loling so much right now!
"spleen, it remembers..."
"i think, and this is just a 'wild' guesstimation, i have developed a fully fledged cold."
"awesome day today. <propmale>, you ledge!"
"oh dear, looks like that smothered chicken in the sandpiper today, or rather yesterday, was not a good idea. either that or i'm actually coming down with something.  sad happy birthday mum!  annoyed "
"yeah, i'm ill. proper. i'm really unlucky health wise this year."
oh how i wish it was a friday. then if i'm still like this tomorrow i wouldn't be missing anything. but it's not so... crap.
i feel like i'm gonna be sick. waaah!  sad 
dyscalculia? i really do think so. 4+4 laugh !  playful 
'simply knowing you exist ain't good enough for me...'
"happy birthday mother! even if you can't see this, happy birthday anyway! thanks for never forgetting to be awesome.  laugh "
feeling sick isn't nice. stay away from me food! eww... what?
"just told mum, it feels like a weight off my shoulders.  laugh "
make the nausea go away. please?
"so, i'd like to eat, i really would. the sight of food makes me want to puke... it's not nice."
ugh...
"just had a grey ladybird on my desk. t'was pretty cute. it was just walking along, not a care in the world. highlight of my day, how sad. well, i am stuck at home so it makes sense right? it's not everyday a person gets to see a grey ladybird inside, right?  smile "
"just read bits and pieces from my journal to the parents, i think i may have baffled them with some of the things i wrote. though i'm not entirely sure. ah well."
"so i'm still ill. however, today is the 3rd of march, which is reason enough to be happy! wooh, 3rd of march!!!"
"why couldn't i just be identifiably allergic to one type of 'consumable' product; that would be easier dealt with than the, more or less, unknown!"
i can put monsters under my bed.  wink 
can't believe i got the amnesia story right on emmerdale on the very first episode <propfirst> got hurt. i now predict that only his first wifey will be able to get his memory back.
"i'm currently obsessed with pieces of flair, the gems they have on there. it's a shame more people don't use it... *hint*"
i feel like a zombie... or something.
i'm looking forward to next weekend!
nothing is on my mind at the moment.
"head ache, yay!"
"yay, i have my computer back! lovin' the fastness of it!"
"i'm not feeling to great... i want to be able to eat food, but the thought is also making me feel worse."
i'm ill again...  sad 
yet another exam to be finished. one more to go!
meh...
biscuit!
someone please shut the neighbours up...! i'm trying to sleep.  laugh 
"just watched yes man, was pretty good."
looking forward to monday! o.o
"told mum about last night's nightmare, yeah... we're both glad that never actually happened."
bored... might do some welsh bacc now...  annoyed 
tired...  annoyed  ebby is too loud.
my computer just turned itself off...  annoyed 
i had a dream today about that old graveyard on the way to school! they were sorting it out. o.o
i hate you bieber and your carpy repetitive songs! thank you <propmale> they are officially stuck in my head.
<propfirst>'s raspberry sorbet is so tastyful.
fullmetal alchemist is getting crazy good! looking forward to seeing the promised day in ep 50 next monday!
"errr... i'm stuffed, dinner was awesome, but i feel sick now..."
all this thinking has given me another head ache...
i have officially waffled my way through both of my essays! i now have three days to myself... chilax time!
hi people!  laugh 
"just dug out my massive book on birthdays, and mine described my personality pretty accurately, spooky!"
coughing fit! o.o
tomorrow!  laugh 
"just uninstalled ""better facebook"", t'was good, but was making it take 2 secs faster to load fb."
ill  sad 
not in a good mood.
"<propfemale> in wonderland rocked, it's probably the most awesome adaptation i've seen. yesterday was made of awesome!"
"fullmetal alchemist has finally ended, probably one of the best but most depressing endings of a story in the history of... well... ever.  laugh "
damn dreams made me live  today twice! it's freakish. o.o
feeling sick...  annoyed 
procrastination!
"just watched up, an awesome film, bloomin' sad in some parts though. dad got well upset  annoyed "
i feel like i should still be at college... lol. so awesome that i've done pretty much everything for this wbac thingy.  playful 
i know what i am going to be using artemis for; it was hard to decide exactly but what i have in mind is going to be very fitting and hopefully - in the long run - beneficial.
"why are you broken pieces of flair? i wants to see ""my creations"" and stuff. d:"
tired of thinking to much... tired from thinking too much...
exams officially finished! well for me anyway... huzzah!
"watching my mum play wii fit plus, she cannot control it to save her life."
"dw rocked today, am so glad that the new doctor was not made of fail!"
"don't make me go back to college tomorrow, i don't want to have to sit through welsh bac and the like. i'd rather waste my time at home on the tinterwebs. d:"
"i don't like the new fb profile. why is the status box hidden? now you have to click on ""status"". guess it's got something to do with fb wanting us to ""put more effort in"" rather than making things easier... *is really close to leaving*"
"nothin' like stickin' all your songs on reeaaally loud and singin' along, really takes the pressure off thinking."
achy headache is achy...  annoyed 
"just had a packet of m&m's, they so cannot be beaten."
"seriously, no one says ""gee whizz"" any more, so stop saying it you stupid man!"
"i'm half asleep here, feel like a zombie or sommit. lol"
"finally connected mother's laptop to the internet. 'twas not easy for she has ubuntu, a foreign, and slightly user unfriendly operating system. o.o"
i hate migraines... and it had to happen before my exam on friday.
no more exams! ...until the 7th that is. d:
"ipod touch came today, it's really pretty snazzy!"
"it's strange to think that a couple of months ago i couldn't whistle at all and now i'm whistling along to songs and stuff. yeah, still not brilliant but i'd never thought i'd be able to whistle ever, let alone whistle a tune."
"every now and again i remember i am turning 18 this year, then freak out because it means ""becoming an adult"", i'm still a really childish person and so the concept freaks me out! i blame <propfemale>'s birthday for reminding me."
doctor who = awesome
i have a funny feeling i may have mild hay fever - randomly.
"college tomorrow, if i can make it. i hope this year i'm luckier health wise. if i can't go tomorrow i've already notified the teachers so they can give me work and stuff, so no worries. -_-"
in a weird mood... and not liking it!  sad 
<propfemale> or <propfemale> to win over the rainbow!  surprise 
sore throat...  sad 
"mam's gone off to <propfemale>'s 'til the end of next week, left me ""in charge"". ¬_¬' party time! oh wait... ugh... revision time...  annoyed "
just had a nightmare with zombies in for some reason. it freaked me the heck out.
we'll miss you big brother! :[
so cold! i had an awesome day today though!  laugh 
i have no clue what i'm doing now...  laugh 
huzzah!
"can't believe the christmas i've had, it's been pretty awesome."
"still have the migraine, though i managed to go to town for the opticians appointment. finally seen the bloomin' xmas lights in town, they're pretty awesome!"
just asked <propfirst> green a question on vyou and he answered. weird.  laugh 
i was not e playful ecting all this!
looking forward to seeing what on earth <propfemale>'s given me.
second philosophy exam tomorrow! omg!
my memory is so bad lately...  sad 
looking forward to monday now! next week's gonna be awesome.
"only two more exams left and then i'm done! only the last one is on thursday, so i have to wait ages before i can say i'm finished proper...  annoyed "
"<propfirst> green answered another of my questions! it's not that he is answering them that's the most interesting part. out of all the people asking questions of all kinds, mine were deemed interesting enough to answer.  laugh "
why is youtube being so slow? all i want to do is take a break from revision...  sad 
college tomorrow!
"mini unicorns that pee rainbows, they are just the right size for the fairies to ride - fabulous."
 sad 
"someone just rang the doorbell once about 15 mins ago, kinda creeped me out. why would someone call -once- at this time of day? i don't think anyone answered though so we dunno who it was. o.o"
woke up in the middle of the night laughing my head off. says it all really doesn't it?
kinda - ever so slighty - looking forward to going back to college. likes the idea of going back to film studies after a years break!
too full... never again!  annoyed 
can't unhear... can't unhear! i need brain bleach asap! d:
i love the presents off <propfemale>. the notebook is my favourite out of everything i've had; and i don't normally pick favourites.
"<propfemale> boxing day! yeah, it doesn't have quite the same ring to it...."
"""your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!"""
night all! gonna watch some tv and stuff.
"cat, why do you follow me around so?"
"this tangle really does make an amazing hat, i'd recommend it to anyone."
i wonder if i will ever have a <propfemale>... hmm.
"damn... sad dream, not only that but it also woke me up. it took ages to get to sleep and now i'm awake again, awesome."
"yay, my facebook font size is bigger. thank you ""better facebook""!"
head... still... bad.... d:
"my birthday is totally froody, in the <propfemale>! adulthood, tango you!"
"anyone else have a love/hate 'relationship' with urban dictionary? sometimes it hits the nail on the head when it comes to slang, other times it's stupid and insulting. -_-"
"bb's <propfirst> pepper constantly being called ""<propfirst> pepper"" or just ""(the) pepper"" reminds me of the days when people used to call me ""<propfirst> perrin"" or just ""perrin-oh"". seriously people, why?  annoyed "
i love rain so much! it's at times like these that i am happy to be in wales.
<propfemale> binge!
ebby just lost the game.
happy fma day!  laugh 
not to keen on the new msn
just listened to one hell of a creepy song.
"'oh boy, dirty soap!'  laugh "
ordered a tangle. oh the conversations i'm having with people...
wah! why are they killing off all the nicer people? well... except for one i s'pose. and poor <propfemale>!  crying 
gotta love fable 3's awesomeness. i wish i had an xbox in my room so i could play it more.
"i had a dream the other night, it told me that the pope was evil. o.o"
i had a dream about someone from school last night. why?
"""sometimes humanity just makes me want to raegquit but i can't because i'm playing on hard mode and i don't have any respawns."""
"can't beli<propfemale> it's already christmas <propfemale>, where does the time go?"
anybody remember the moomins?
"it looks like mum found a <propfemale> snail under her pillow. it could be something else though, it was too small to tell for sure, but it really did look like a snail.  annoyed "
tatty bye my lovelies...  laugh 
today has been awful...
"it's <propfemale>'s fault that i like anime, btw."
it's a kind of magic that i can see right through you; it's like you're an invisible man riding a bicycle. i'm certainly not gonna stop you now! what?
"can't believe it's almost christmas already, where does the time go?"
"my head, it hurts...  sad "
welsh bacc review? hahahaaaa!
seabrook crisps are so nom nom!
<propfemale>'s choco rice krispie cakes are nom-tastic
"feeling ill on new years <propfemale>, amazing. this doesn't look good for next year.an early 'happy new year' to everyone! i can't guarantee i'll still be awake later. anyone thought of a new year's resolution? i kinda have, but it's nothing too important."
"so much disappointment. the anime has finished, i was e playful ecting another episode this week, last week's didn't feel like a 'last in the series' episode.  annoyed "
coffee smells and tastes bad.
i wanna know!
"if it's not one thing, it's another, or two, or three. > sad "
i wanna learn to play the piano so badly!
eb are goof!
"my hair has been cut again, my head feels a good few %'s lighter now.  laugh "
looking forward to seeing everyone on sunday!  laugh 
i regret not putting in more effort.
"so, how are you?"
"talking about headwear, i also can't spell tonight. whoops..."
"need sleep, night everyone!"
damn you evil migraine!  crying 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same til monday (12.06.10). there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories! this is for violence against children."
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i'm so addicted to them. it's really not healthy. >.>
smells like coal tar. interesting.  smile 
i can see!  surprise 
"'bagpuss, dear bagpuss, old fat furry catpuss,wake up and look at this thing that i bring,wake up, be bright, be <propfemale> and light,bagpuss, oh hear what i sing.'"
i wonder when i should... ah never mind. it'll either be saturday or monday though.  playful 
"i keep biting my mouth, it hurts!  sad "
just saw a pretty awesome film!  smile 
is having the most random conversation whilst writing my religious studies essay. i'm actually completing it faster than usual too.  laugh 
"'the 'madness' hamsters. every night they visit you, every night the come, and bit by bit they steal your brain, and feed it to their mum'."
blocked ear... d:
i think i have a cold coming... not nice.  sad 
ewww a 'love bieber?' ad has infiltrated fb! i'd rather not see his ugly mug as one of the first things i see... k thnx bai.
so annoying! > annoyed 
wearing a tangle on your head is fun! wait... what?
"bye-bye christmas decorations, i'll see ya later this year!  smile "
"silent laughter, the best kind.  laugh "
"i've never laughed so much in my life! well, maybe, but regardless, i still laughed a lot."
coal tar.
"almost got sucked in to watching the corpse bride. awesome film; but i have other things to do, like, interneting."
