613
b5cb043f91dadf32667c8f84192223a5
21
-
thanx all for the wishes! 20 today!  laugh 
a very <propfemale> xmas to all n a happy new year!!!
screwed raised to the power of infinity   
love starved    laugh 
2 weeks        n home
boooom    yawn    
"wishing evry1 a  happy diwali, now wher r the sweets??  laugh "
"""somebody's poisoned the water hole!"" this dialogue is from the movie:1  alien vs monsters (dislike status if u think this is the answer)2  toy story (like status)"
congrats adi! bike looks graaaand!!!  laugh 
time is running out 
dubai       in 1week!
"saturday, 18th of december "
in dubai      n back home!!!!  laugh 
"pappadam, pazham, paisam!"
nilofer johnson     sigh
"enjoy the weekend guys, the rest of us hav xams to write!  playful "
kuchikooo!  laugh 
super slinky: a pink package! mmmmm  wink 
phase 0: unstable
"cs 1 6 tourney; cgs clan lineup: fuzzy, incarnate, $l@sh, sumo and ting       ftw!!!!  laugh "
happy frndship day!!!
"got an issue use a tissue    <propmale>'s got, fo'sho! tell him <propfemale> u next achooo!"
"breaking news: batman could very well have been the joker     the infection is acquired by inhalation of massive virus aerosols generated in bat caves  batman could have suffered from rabies or lyssavirus (species name)  the subjects appears to be insane   so much for our superhero   long live <propmale> ""sane"" <propmale> "
"21    sighh    it feels no different!thx for all the wishes guys, means a lot!!  laugh "
greetings with seasoning:- <propfemale> xmas evrybody!  laugh 
wants to leave the organisation
ever get the feeling tht smthing catastrophic is about to happen      
is insane
things stopped making sense altogether   
"enjoy the weekend guys, the rest of us hav xams to rite!  playful "
is waiting on you
"we have come this far, thers no turning back now   "
: server restart
congrats adi!! bike looks grand!!!  laugh 
home    in 2 days
operation diwali: is well under way!!!  laugh 
"saturday, 18th of december"
wishing you all a happy and  prosperous new year!!!
saturday the 18th of december 
stfu!
"super slinky: a pink colord package  wink "
"everything has an e playful iry date, including facebook    march 15, r i p  facebook!"
sa re ga <propfemale>!!
d d du d u dd du  d u dd
d d du      d u dd du     d u dd d
"for your happiness, ill sacrifice mine       smile "
on our wayyy!!
calangute beach    awesome!!
<propfemale> vs sri lanka finals!!!
bleed blue ftw!!!!
happy birthday maloooooo!!!!
i miss you    
whoooped   
eid mubarak everybody     enjoy!
