494
3223a94b0c49863501303074b58edae9
17
-
"really wondering what i should do about car insurance.  my instructor said that there's such a thing as driver's lisence insurance that you can use to buy a car, but i haven't had any luck getting information on that so far."
"just finished a full day of working the fitting room at walmart.  after my last time when i worked a half day i was kind of dreading it, but it went surprisingly well today."
"i'm surprized.  i managed to boil an egg, still in the shell, in the microwave.  i'm really not an e playful erianced cook and everyone was telling me it couldn't be done after i mentioned what i was trying...yet i /did/ it. o.o"
"took first actual driving part of driving class.  did lousy but at least nothing bad happened, and it's been a long time."
"also, i'm moving in a few months.  one of my roomies' mother owns this place and she was living in a separate house with her daughter's family.  her daughter ran off without warning, leaving her to pay for their house on her own.  since she can't afford things like that we're moving in with her.  it's a much bigger, nicer place and only at walking distance from where i work."
"i've got a 100 dollar coupon for a vacation ticket that runs out 12/31/10.  i don't need a hotel for any trips i'd want to purchase, so it's useless to me.  if anyone has any trips that include a hotel and flight or a rental car that they can afford to pay for by 1/31/10, let me know and i'll give you the information on the coupon."
finished driver's <propmale> back on thursday.  now i've gotta practice before i should go take my road test.
"i've got a 100 dollar coupon for a vacation ticket that runs out 12/31/10. i don't need a hotel for any trips i'd want to purchase, so it's useless to me. if anyone has any trips that include a hotel and flight or a rental car t...hat they can afford to pay for by 1/31/10, let me know and i'll give you the information on the coupon."
"face book's acting wierd, so i'll have to still do the requests later.  on another note, i'm not getting the car yet after all, but that money i asked for will still be useful toward saving for the car."
"also, i know it's early, but i don't want to forget on the day...  so happy birthday mom!  i hope your birthday is nice this year."
and now it's completely official.  i'm planning to spend the first day or so in atlanta and then the other 5 or 6 or so with all my family types.   |departure from salt lake city:                       06/01/10                        1 surprise 0 pm|  arrival in atlanta: 10:40 pm| departure from atlanta:                       06/09/10                        4:50 pm| arrival salt lake city: 11 smile 7 pm
trip to <propfemale> (in june) is now as official as it can get without having the check and tickets yet.  maybe you guys should save up that money for me so you can give it to me when i show up.
i finally tracked down someone i've been looking for for years and tomorrow's my 2 year anniversary at wal-mart so i'll be getting some days off and getting a pay raise.  things are looking up.
"results of my blood test came back a little early.  my vitamin d's really low and my calcium needs a little help, so they're sending me stuff for that.  but there's also the fact that there was an antibody that seemed irregular and that might be a bad thing if it's not normalized by the time i finish all these meds i'm taking right now."
maybe the meds are working.  i've been feeling happier than i think i should lately.  yanno considering the time of month and all...  i've been in a really good mood this week.
"because dad sounds as if he thinks something's wrong and he talks like my sisters are doing the same, let me say again, i'm doing well.  all i'm taking meds for is my face and a vitamin d lack (which is normal in utah-ans anyway)."
"what's the current situation with dad?  he likes to say i never call or tell him anything...  it's more like he's got alzhimers though and i'll tell him things a few times over or have a full conversation with him and he just forgets it ever happened.  meanwhile, i don't really hear what's going on with him unless <propfemale> or <propfemale> tells me. x.x"
"well no new news from the doctor, i am off the antibiotics now though.  she wants to check on my vitamin d and that antibody thing sometime 2 months from now."
anyone have a copy of dissidia 012 and want a code for lightning's aya brea costume?
ugh.  dear whoever's out there that writes information on insurance benefits...make it more clear what is and isn't covered!   turns out saying a routine yearly check up is free means the visit is free and any blood work attached isn't even a <propfemale> bit covered.
"well, considering my roomie insists a moped's going to be useless during winter, it's back to the drawing board x.x"
ugghh.  some kind of killer flu or something today...  hopefully  i'm not still sick tomorrow.  i can't afford being off work like this right now.
jeeze...just when i'm starting to feel better from the salmonella i get a sinus infection. on top of it.  not my week...
"re-post this if you have a mom in heaven........if flowers grow in heaven lord, then pick a bunch for me, place them in my mom's arms and tell her they're from me. tell her that i love and miss her, and when she turns to smile, place a kiss on her cheek and hold her for a while. ? ? miss you and love you mom always 'til we meet againhappy mothers day mom--i love you and miss you so!!!"
"i swear it's like i'm not meant to drive.  they gave me a different pretester this time and he was brutal.  even though i did everything fine aside from two small mistakes, he was ragging about my speed.  i was only /2/ under the speed limit when told 5 was ok.  i was doing well today by what the other's standards were, but this guy claimed i wasn't even ready.  have i been taught wrong all this time or what?"
face book finally stopped being screwed up for me.  obviously i got home ok x.x
"well at least i know a way to work if i can't get this crap with getting my licenses out of the way before it snows.  problem is i don't know a way back.  maybe if things keep going bad like this and i have to do this, i can manage to get a ride home from coworkers, but hopefully it won't come to that.   darned issues that keep popping up with me trying to drive."
"ok, so <propfemale> trip currently has me sticking around atlanta over night since i'll probably not be getting out of the airport till 11ish or something, sticking in atlanta on wensday, and then going with my friends/meeting my family (maybe meeting with <propfemale> if she can make it) at the <propfemale> aquarium on thursday (june 3rd)...then go back to <propfemale> with the family."
"blargh.  i've got pink eye again it seems, not so surprising given where i work."
"work finally gave me the time i asked for off, so now everything's set for the trip."
"feeling kind of down tonight, but i'm sure i'll get through things like usual.  been starting to make plans for woman's health appointments...also trying to think of different solutions for my driving related issues."
happy birthday to my new boss!
"a few days late but i'm back.  trip was nice.  while i was in atlanta i got to go to a sushi bar and an authenic style japanese resturaunt.  had some curry udon and a rice ball with salmon flakes in it.  got to try sake too.  didn't like the taste, but that's no surprize to me.  i've never really liked anything i've tried that had much of any alcohol in it."
"unproductively productive like: it's come to my attention that i've finished off 3 games (console style) within the past 3 weeks, and i've also almost finished the world ends with you despite the fact i've only been playing it during my lunch and break periods at work (and i've been using that for other stuff too lately).  maybe i'll manage to get through my gaming backlog yet."
well... nothing of much interest has been going on for the most part.  except i might be getting a different job within walmart and i'm most likely going to start selling skincerity depending on something today.  if i do start the second you'll know.
"annnd back from the doctors, so far so good, 10 days before i hear how the blood test went."
"this is i love my sister week. if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status. sisters area promise that we will have a friend forever! re-post if you have an...amazing sister."
"off to the doctor about my various stuff, wish me luck!"
gonna try and schedule my doctor's appointment tomorrow.  hopefully i can get this face junk taken care of....and boy are they gonna hate me considering i've never gone in for female health.
and belated thank you for all the well wishes.  i forgot to look at my wall earlier since i was just trying to get facebook to work at all earlier.
