667
79f33b896538f4548d334ef5a4f208ce
31
-
school.
should go to sleep. summer school in the morning. ew.
and teenuh are gonna <propfemale> crayola for all the crayons they've got.
has homework. this is cruel.
thinks that people should talk to her. she feels left out from her old aew crowd.
"""you were only given this life because you are strong enough to live it."""
"is enjoying talking as if she were an immensely educated individual. if all of humanity were to speak this way, the world would be far more enjoyable."
"be off to sleep, my loves, for the night is calling you. did you know that yesterday morning each of your spines grew? something about the pressures of walking, and things of that sort, but i hope you sleep very well, and do not end up in court! i love you?"
is sad that <propfirst> mays died. i'll miss my obnoxiously loud friend. ):
has her hair straightened. woopie.
is watching antm and sleeping and working on her health project all at once. lovely day.
is really dizzy. she hopes that she will not fall over.
wants to wish everyone a happy culmination day : d
"thought it was thursday and got really excited. too bad it's monday, and i still have two more school days until the weekend. it's longer than it seems, i promise."
is hanging out with <propfemale> today : d
"'s granny is at the hospital. nothing too serious, just old people stuff. and news is that she'll be well enough to come home tonight."
"feels it was only worth seeing hp because of the people she was with  love  oh, and the random bursts of laughing during the most serious parts of the movie were fun, too.  smile "
is watching iron chef. the voice over voices are terribly annoying.
"has no idea what to put as her status. therefore, this is what you get."
wants to <propfemale> out with people before the summer is over. be proactive.
it's friday. that means no school tomorrow. that means sleep. yay.
"i just watched house. goodness gracious, that man has issues."
"""they all say that you're no good for me- but i'm too close to turn around- i'll show them they don't know anything- i think i've got you figured out.."""
"has nothing to do today, so she'll finally have time to study for finals. this is a good thing."
"doesn't really know what to do right now. therefore, she's on facebook."
read more of /the joy luck club/ today. we're making progress.
"wow, teenuh, i had such a good time at the commons."
"happy flipping birthday, bryn : d"
is back. now what do i do? hmmm..
sometimes i wish everyone would just.. stop. that everyone would take a few minutes to shut up and listen. the only problem is that it doesn't seem as if that will be happening anytime soon. but maybe i'm too hard on humanity. maybe we all still have at least a little bit of goodness in us. maybe it is possible. yes. it is possible.
"did her sleep study thing last night, and surprisingly, the wires weren't really uncomfortable."
i wish everybody would come back already d:. cause i miss them.. and stuff.. ):
"so, apparently well groomed horses look like unicorns."
i'm really thankful for the ability to love and be loved right now. just thought you should know.  love 
"today has been really nice. i'm in a good mood, too. i should go to the beach more often. when it's freezing and <propfemale> and dark out, of course. oh, and the people that were there were pretty great, too.  smile "
this is my status.
"""i wondered why my <propfemale> had been decided, why i should have an unhappy life so someone else could have a happy one."""
is awake.
"""adventure most unto itself the soul condemned to be; attended by a single hound - its own identity."""
i've made too many statuses today. maybe it has to do with the fact that there is absolutely nothing to do today. hopefully tomorrow will be different?
i'm going to go to bed.. maybe..... depends on if anyone comments or messages. then i'm happy to stay up.
listening to sum 41. woopie. for real.
just woke up after going to bed at 4pm yesterday. told you there's some thing wrong with me.
dad and <propmale> are flying to vegas today to get our new red mustang convertible. haha. that's actually very strange.
essay time
so now we have a mustang.. wow.
is in a light and fluffy mood.
only one more paragraph and i finish my first essay! then i only need to read another book and write an essay on it. wow.
it is nighttime.
happy afternoon.    ?
"i have a bucket of cookie dough ice cream and all three hsm movies. i believe i'm pretty much set for the night. oh, and by the way...  laugh dddd"
creative writing is fun.  smile 
nothing to do today. hm.
i feel smilie and gigglie and it's very nice smile 
is about to go to the sleep guy and find out what's wrong. news when i get back.
going to some fish place with the father. we're taking the stang. i promise never to call it that again.
today is a very nice day. the sun is shinning and the birds are singing etc..   smile 
 smile 
"""one word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love."""
it's amazing how much better things seem if you let yourself be happy.
the christmas special of bones might just be the best thing ever.
homework+homework+flying monkeys.. just kidding- homework.
"i think i don't want summer to end so much that my mind keeps telling me that tomorrow is not the last day and it's okay for me to sit around doing nothing, when in fact, it is not. help."
i actually woke up before 2pm today. yessssss.
weekend
lalalalala. i don't really know what to put here..  smile 
you all fail to excite me.
going offline. e playful ecting to find about 19837593487523984 email notifications when she comes back on. thank you.
my crazy cool essay moment has passed. so here i am. on facebook o.o
i'm just sitting in my room right now. on the laptop. doing nothing. fun.
i gave up. turns out it's not possible for me to concentrate right now.. the solution: facebook.
"summer, summer, please don't go. i will miss you so very so. it is a shame my name isn't moe, cause there's not much else that ends with o."
"logging off, but i have my phone. communicate?"
hmmmmmm..
facebook thinks i'm a dude. life is so unfair.
"""i think won't like him (christian bale) if i get to know him though he seems like an aggravating person why? men can be beautiful my profile picture what picture is that? well it does! it looks like a fake person's smile"" -<propfemale> what are you even saying?"
"i should probably do something today seeing as it is the last day of summer..  but i'll most likely just sit on my bed the whole day staring blankly at my computer screen. sounds so fun. just kidding- it's sounds like one of the most boring things possible. i don't want summer to end, but at the moment it looks like a much better thing to be learning than doing this. ahhhhhhhhh."
summer school is over... but i still have to read 345763 books and write 345763 essays ):... but i /am/ coming to the commons tonight. my mom told me that i should try to have a social life.
gets to sleep in tomorrow. yay for saturdays.
mmmmm.. not so great right now. |= again.
"i did absolutely nothing today. i feel like a.. i'd say potato, but it's so overused. bleh."
hmmmm
subway. eatfresshhh
school time. wow. i'm up early.
"school wasn't all that bad today, but block schedule is messing with my sense of time. yay? yes, yay indeed."
"i'd go to sleep, but i have this problem with not finishing my homework until around 10pm."
"first day.. it was okay. i didn't get lost, which is a plus, but i have almost no friends in any of my classes: none in 3 of them and only one or two in the other three. i'll live- high school is all about meeting new people, right? well, besides achieving academic excellence and all of that stuff. oh, and i get my ribs looked at today  smile . they've been hurting more than ever ):."
"1. spanish 1 p: sanchez, 2.geometry p: inglis, 3. phys <propmale> 9: hutchison, 4. biology h p: blaiwes, 5. english 1 p: mc creary, 6. choir 1: bloom   locker#e16  picture: not completely terrible, but i look like i'm 10."
"i wanted summer to end even before it even started.. but now that it's almost gone, i don't want it to end."
i remember way back when when some annoying neighbor of mine made fun of me because i called dinner supper. he said i was such a humble person. i didn't know what humble meant.. so i started crying. and that is my story for today. dinner/supper- be back soon.
is listening to <propfemale>. : d
i need to do something fun today..
"is trying, and failing, at loading her photoshop elements."
homeworkhomeworkhomework
"i never really know what to put here, but that's okay."
trying to stay awake. why am i so tired? ahhhhh.
homework. why?
/=
thinks teenuh has really bad aim.
it's saturday.. in case you didn't notice already.
"bed time. sleep well, my friends."
school time
weekend.
"i'm going to bed now.. and i probably won't be on until later tomorrow, so my status will possibly say that i am going to bed at 5pm. and really, guys. i'm not /that/ lame."
studying for bio test. uggh.
/:
now i remember what stress feels like.
no restrictions; no limitations; let me be me; let me pour free;let my words come naturally.
it turns out pretending i'm not allergic to grass doesn't stop my reaction- my poor legs. d: but the slip-and-slide was bomb.
i've recently been having this obsession with rice. good thing my dad bought 20 pounds of it.
i keep thinking my birthday is tomorrow.. but it's not. next wednesday.
why does my idiot shoe keep breaking? foot wear just doesn't seem to like me.
..
text.
i'm going to bed now. in case you care.  smile 
"needs food. and she probably won't change her status after she eats, leading you to believe that she is a black hole, constantly engulfing edible substances."
i have no status.
it is still saturday... you're welcome for the update.
status goes here.
wants it to be tomorrow. tomorrow seems like a good day.
"i didn't go to school today because i was paid a visit from the i will make you sick <propfemale>. if anyone has the homework for geometry (inglis) and/or bio (honors with blaiwes), it would be greatly appreciated."
"just kidding.. it seems i have spanish homework, too. so much for being in bed by ten... sorry mom.."
[:
"homework time, but i need ways to procrastinate.. text? thank you."
"campout tiiiiime. even though i'm not camping out.. my sleep is ""too fragile."" oh, well. i'll still be able to spend today acting like a complete idiot without being judged. well, i may be judged, but i'm pretty sure no one is going to tell me i am an idiot and to get out of their life. it's always a good thing when that doesn't happen. uhmmmm.. so i'm leaving now. clever facebook statuses can wait...  smile "
essay
what did one shark say to another while eating a clown fish?  this tastes funny. budumching!
monday.
homework then bed. gross.
stupid enzymes.
done with homework! sleepy time... finally...
whatever |=
my life is so completely boring right now. this is awful.
i'm stressed and upset and tired and unhappy. this is not how i should feel when it's almost my birthday. ugh.
i changed my mind. goodnight.  smile 
lalalalalala. i'm so creative. you should give me a cookie or something.
"i'm sick... and not in the ""freakin awesome, man"" sense of the word. ill. gross."
"homework help, please. i need to know what i missed in sanchez (sp 1) and mccreary (eng 1)"
sunday
mere christianity book group.  smile  c.s. <propfirst> is bomb.
i have nothing to do today. anyone feel like saving me from supreme boredom?
the first time washing your hair after getting it dyed is the best- if people actually did have blue blood it would appear that someone was slaughtered in my shower.
hmmm
my aim background is now a mass supply of doughnuts. if only that could be the background of my life. sigh...
im gettin tired but i wont goto bed cause themusic keeps playin inside ofmy head mypulse follows along withthe beat ofthe drum and outside my window thenight starts to hum streetlamps burnout inthe dark i cannot hide themusic keeps playin inside of mymind my heart keeps beatin the blood silently pumpin andinvisible dancers reply withsome jumpin every1else would say itsall inmy headbut tonight dontbet onme goin to bed
wooooo
school in the morning -_-... does the universe enjoy taking away my sleepy time?
"""rain, rain, go away. come again another day. all the world is waiting for the sun."""
"dude, i have 5 thousand pounds of geometry homework. ew."
blahhhhhhhhhhhhh
wednesday.
sleep time. campout tomorrow. yay dirt.
...
biol homework. ewewew.
"i looked through the whole house for my stupid biology study book thing, just to find it right next to the computer. wow."
finished the essay. i think..
you wish your status was as rockin' as mine.
doctor appointment thing.. crossing my fingers that my sleep will be sorted out soon.
registration today at 12. of course my hair decides this is a nice time to go all psychopathic on me.
monday
sleep.
fun day tomorrow smile 
my stomach hurts. no one should even attempt to consume the amount of food i've had over the past 2 days. ouch.
?
wednesday.
[:
"okay, so i have these super cool boots, but they're 3 sizes too big, making them difficult to walk in. i think i'll wear them anyway. problem solved."
just kidding. i'm too awake to go to sleep.
 love 
"i am a nonconformist! wait, what? conforming is in? i am a conformist."
hmph.
/=
my hair is re-dyed. wooooo.
it's wednesday.
chat is working. for the moment.
i have sanchez tomorrow. ew.
geometry project.   d:
by myself- linkin park. listen to it. now.
i'm tempted to set my alarm for 12 surprise 3 to <propfemale> my last minute as a 13-year-old.. but why would i do that? yay for not being 13 anymore! ... almost. goognight.
"geometry project, then spanish hw, then youth group, then malibu yo, then home, then sleep/ cramming to finish gemetry project/spanish hw."
"yea, so here's my super creative status again. behold."
...
night time. bed time. sleep time. yea!
"i have done nothing today but go on facebook, sit on my bed, and go to my chiropractor. some last day of summer. i need something fun to happen now."
"i'm going to bed.. goodnight, i guess."
"1. spanish 1 p: sanchez, 2.geometry p: inglis, 3. phys <propmale> 9: hutchison, 4. biology h p: blaiwes, 5. english 1 p: mc creary, 6. choir 1: bloom locker#e16 picture: not completely terrible, but i look like i'm 10."
someone should do something exciting. make my day.
bio project with <propfirst> and krystall. woopie.
i'm not really in the best mood.
ahhhhhh.
everyone needs a little <propfemale> gibson in their life.
homework then project then more homework. this is my life.
homework.
"i got an x-ray of my ribs. i'll find out tomorrow what's up.. the doctor said my ribs were most likely bruised, which really hurts, but she doesn't think they're broken.. and that's good, i guess. but either way, unless the issue is messing with my breathing/ internal organs, the only thing that they can do about it is to suggest i take ibuprofen. wow."
ahhhhh!!!!!! (it's my birthday...)
good night.
campout was fun  smile     but now it's time for one of god's most precious gifts: sleep.
"my hair is now purple and blue. that's exciting, i guess."
so much fun  smile 
school.
i am very close to having a temper tantrum. i thought i stopped having those at 10. stupid essay.
stupid facebook keeps logging me out every 5 minutes. sorry if i poof offline during chat.
i've recently been having this obsession with rice. good thing my dad bought 20 pounds of it.
"i'll be offline for a while. text or something, please? thanks /:"
i will now go off to do my work of home. rglr dyxjubf usuir.
sometimes i feel so happy that just smiling isn't enough. this is one of those times.  love 
sunday.
strange mood. i can't tell if it's bad or good. hmmmm..
hmmmm..
bedtime.
"my orthodontist was very excited about the new wires i was getting, because they are supposed to straighten my teeth super soon. turns out that new wires meant to straighten teeth very quickly are also super painful. ouch."
correction. facebook is logging me out every 1.6 minutes. mail if you want to talk. doit.
i know i shouldn't be this stressed about school.. but i am. only two more days until the weekend.
"have you ever felt like nothing at all? have you smiled an empty smile? have you ever wanted to cry, but can't, when nothing seems worth while?"
/=   dyxj nt kudw.
food. study. youth group. malibu yo. sudy. study. homework. study.
i get to spend this lovely day off of school doing homework. yay for me.
lalala- homework
blah.
"so, i was trying to think of a status, but none of the ones i thought of were interresting/good/not terrible... this is what you get."
"i am in spanish 1 to learn spanish, and i can't really learn spanish if the directions on how to learn spanish are in spanish."
finishing homework time. tomorrow = greatness. (i hope)  goodnight. kind of.  smile 
yay for fake spider webs and strange polls that do not attach to anything. i am very excited to see my handiwork tonight. time to get a costume.  smile 
my life.
ahh! does anyone have sanchez for span 1?
"blech /:  i'm sick, even thought i never get sick from being cold and wet. heh.."
"ég hef aldrei upplifað þetta áður. mér finnst svo vildi og ást. þú hefur sýnt mér betri leið til að lifa lífi mínu. ég vona bara ég er nógur. ég efast um að þú verður fær um að þýða það, og jafnvel ef þú gera, öll orðin eru sennilega <propmale>. en ég held að þú ert frábær. ég meina það."
"bed... i'm pretty set for biology, but i'll still  be at support. geometry test should go well. fingers crossed."
going to bed now. (possibly) [:
goodnight.  smile 
i had so much fun today.
pun.
sooooooooooooo tired.
no school today because i was all sick and stuff.  annoyed   i'll probably go back tomorrow.
we always knew that it'd come to this   it's times like these i forget what i miss   matters of heart are hard to address   especially when yours is full of emptiness
"staying home is supposed to be easy, but i just feel sick and sneezy."
hunting for something sweet to eat that my standards meets.
my mind just decided to realize something really cool that i'm going to write about in my essay. i shall leave now so i may do so.  smile 
happy birthday <propfemale>. happy birthday jordyn. love you both sosososo much!
i was so enchanted by your beauty that i ran into that wall over there. so i am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
"argggg. i need homework and classwork work for sanchez (span 1), inglis (geom), blaiwes (bio h), and <propfirst> (eng 1)"
white.
putting a pencil behind my ear makes me feel so cool.
"grammar homework, then bed. i'll most likely be back at school tomorrow.. unless a magical ice cream truck falls out of the sky and crushes me between now and then.. but let's hope that that doesn't happen."
hmmm.. confusing day. maybe sleep will help. night  love 
i am one sassy senior.
i was in my car when i passed by a light post with a sign on it that said free and listed a phone number. i'm a little disappointed that i didn't write the number down. i want a light post.
(as (s)he is leaving) /you: hey aren't you forgetting something? /(s)he: what? /you:  me!
"blue and gold tomorrow? sure.. anyone going to the whatchoomacallit? football game.. yea, that."
all i found was a lame-o tortilla.
perfect- flyleaf.
"i don't want to be the one the battles always choose, 'cause inside i realize that i'm the one confused"
"good to the night, yo."
thursday.
 smile   smile   smile   smile 
sleep. for real. yippeeyeayyy
"""i would use my mind powers to figure it out but they're not working today."" ""d': how horribelehorrbie*horribnlle*horrible&**i give up."" oh, teenuh."
"tonight was fun, but i can't wait until tomorrow!"
"can you say constantinople backwards? me neither, but i just wanted to ask."
ahhhhh!!!!!! (it's my birthday...)
eh.
why does everyone like the botanist? because he's a fungi. hahahahaha!
 smile 
[:
"my ribs hurt when i breathe, and that, my friend, is a problem. doctor appointment tomorrow at 4. what a great way to start the school year. -_-"
teenuh honarmandikan is the almonds to my joy
dudes. i was off my email for 3 minutes and when i get back on i have 51 messages. woah.
"goodness, gracious. kids nowadays."
meep.
i have rediscovered the joy of almond joys.
homecoming tonight  smile  yay.
it is no longer my birthday. how sad.
"no, mr fly, that window will not magically disappear the next time you run into it."
hmm.. |:
hmm..
i am mentally preparing myself for the amount of sugar i am going to consume tomorrow.
"have you ever  wanted to be outside of yourself? or wondered what it's like to be someone else? have you woken up from a dream, so sweet, and wished that it would really be? have you ever longed to be set free, or away from things that are bad? has there ever been something you didn't do, that you wish you had? have you lived through the worst that you can imagine to be? if so, you can guess what it's like to be me."
stupid biology.
tonight will be the night that i will fall for you over again
friday.
mahhhhh.  smile 
i remember we were walking up to strawberry swing i can't wait 'til the morning wouldn't want to change a thing
tomorrow is friday.
the warmth of your embrace melts my frostbitten spirit you speak the truth and i hear it the words are i love you and i have to believe in you you are the truth outscreaming these lies you are the truth saving my life... and i worship you...
being in my mother's office is like being in candyland.. only with colourful pens and post-its instead of <propfemale>.
"non so se ti odio per la frantumazione di ferire il mio orgoglio e il mio cuore, o per me che ti permette di farlo."
why would you ever press the red button?! -_-
my arm hurts -_- it was carpet! c-a-r-p-e-t
"there's nothing better than waking up at 4 smile 0, completely energized."
bahhhhh.
i can tell time... in spanish o:!
there is too much on my mind for me to be able to sleep. i guess i'm stuck rewriting  my essay.
i have scrambled eggs. are you jealous? that's what i thought.
"eight is the lovely name. <propfirst> schatz, you're so silly."
"i'd sing the whole alphabet, a to z, if it meant that you'd fall in love with me ? yay for sappy rhymes that somehow lurk their way into my mind and onto my facebook statuses. i hope you've had a nice wednesday.  smile "
"sometimes i can't find words to e playful ress how i feel, and all i can do is stand tall and simle.  smile "
food time.
sicksicksicksick. /=
"this really, really sucks. bad day /: homework. argh."
"what did one fish say to the other fish after hearing the other fish say a joke? ""oh, that joke just gills me!!!"" instead of kills.. like he's laughing.. cause fish can laugh.. i amuse myself."
"have you ever felt like you need to have a good status, but you can't think of one? and then you feel all pressured.. and you still can't think of one? well, my friends, i'm there."
chiropractor
my lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
i must now pull myself away from all the excitement that has happened within the last few minutes to do homework.. unless someone else decides to do something exciting and distraction worthy.
twloha
love.
"i'm so happy right now, and i can't help but smile. i haven't felt this great in a too long of a while. i'm seeing the silver lining on all the clouds overhead. things are going so well- something has to be said. there are people around me who care for my being, and are there to support me through anything. i hope that they know how much they mean to me, for finally, openly myself i can be."
i'm about to punch my electricity in the face.
stupid tessellations.
new phone.
i want to live where soul meets body and let the sun wrap its arms around me and bathe my skin in water cool and cleansing and feel what it's like to be new
"stupid wig is lame. i guess i'm <propfemale> ball pre-red hair. that's fine, too."
my birth tree is a lime tree. that's pretty darn cool.
"suddenly a smile plays across my lips, and i can't help thinking that this really is it."
sometimes you just know.  smile 
i'm almost done with all of my homework/projects!
"""if someone ever holds a gun to my head and asks me how big a guineas baboon is, i will know and my life will be saved."" <propfemale> kane you're welcome."
i'm as happy as a person that's really happy.  smile 
"doctors aren't frustrating me now as much as they're confusing me. weird day, mann, weird day.."
very tired. no support period tomorrow. sleep. life.
"you're just jealous, cause i have a bucket."
i woke up at 3 today. 16 hours of sleep. be impressed.
cause it's you and me and all other people with nothing to do nothing to prove and it's you and me and all other people and i don't know why i can't keep my eyes off of you
"my voice hurts so much. i sang even though i probably should have not. well.. when like gives you lemons, make lemonade. i do not know how that relates, but i have to go do my biology homework. goodbye."
"bedtime.  smile  code for ""stay on facebook for 40 minutes after posting this as my status time."""
beauty and the beast  smile 
tuuuuuuuuesday.  smile 
"""if you are watching this video, you've either purchased it, borrowed it, or stolen it. if you've stolen it, let's take a minute to think about what you've done.... there are various reasons why you may be watching this.... sometimes to make fun of our accents...."" oh, bbc.."
"i have decided that i am not going to waste any more time on facebook today, so i am logging off so i can waste my time watching stupid movies instead."
lemonade.
lalalalalalalalalalalalalala
thank you. (thanksgiving.. get it? hahahaha...)
wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
this is over my head but underneath my feet... and i'm somewhere in between what is real and just a dream -somewhere in between by lifehouse
"<propfemale> giovanelli is really cool. i had fun today  smile  and, you must put those pictures on facebook. gracias, my friend."
i'm going to bed early tonight! yay!
"""do you think my status screams 'full of ideas'- to me, it says 'my last status was thursday...i have to try to appear to have some life'"" - <propfirst> <propmale>"
"""i used to want to be a psychologist, but i also used to want to be a lego brick master."""
i. am. so. unbelievably. happy.  smile 
happy thanksgiving! go eat.
i lied. i'm still wasting my time on facebook.
another bad day /:
a whisper - my escapade
movie show thing with my mom  smile 
bbc.. love.
"""did you call me a short thing that waddles and quacks?"" -<propfemale> schneider ""no.the other duck."" -<propfemale> (i find myself highly entertaining.)"
i'm happy.  smile 
"""hey, <propfemale>? do you remember shmu the sea lion? well, he died."" thanks, dad."
memory foam.
the trees in my neighbor's yard are all autumn-ish and pretty. yay.
 smile  x 5million.
it is food time.
blahhhhhh /=
s-a-t-u-r-d-a-y
smile  smile 
"it's like the world is set on pause. and now my mind has started to stop. racing thoughts disappear and on my cheeks halt the tears. stop and rewind to back when i was happy. i'm starting to feel happy again. my heart has been opened, now i feel happy again.  smile "
"love; it's written on our arms, and imprinted in our hearts. cheesy, i know, but it's sweet."
hmph. /:
let's get emotional girls to all wear mood rings so we'll be tipped off to when they're ticked off
 smile 
weekend.
hahahahahaha.........ha!
"""everyone needs to save some time  everyday for mushy time hahaha"" -<propfemale> schugel  love "
"bowling with <propfemale> honarmand, <propfemale> gantz, <propfemale> kaufman, and <propfemale> giovanelli was the bomb.  love   love "
goodnight <propfemale>
"have a great thanksgiving, everyone! and remember to remember all that you are blessed with. and be happy! cause that's what thanksgiving is all about. oh, and food. food is good, too.  smile   love "
i've had such a good day.  smile  it's nice.
meh.
"i am going to go to bed now. yes. you heard it first here first, folks. goodnight."
mahhhhhhh. my mother says i sound like a goose.
meh. /: today wasn't bad. i'm just grouchy. but that means it seems like it was a bad day. ugh.
" smile  fun day, fun night. it's just a funaplalooza."
"it's like the world is set on pause. and now my mind has started to stop. racing thoughts disappear and on my cheeks hault the tears. stop and rewind to back when i was happy. i'm starting to feel happy again. my heart has been opened, now i feel happy again.  smile "
happy winter break! &<propfirst> olivares is an amazing <propfemale> -i'm obsessed with my new mini xylophone. (it was made in germany) and fuzzy socks and wooly willy/hair-do <propfemale> and amazing wallet. thank you!
"""sí, y <propfemale> da tu la blusa y pantalón queso"" -<propfemale> schugel ... (rough)translation: ""yes, and she gives you the blouse and cheese pants"""
 smile 
this is creative.
another good day  smile 
i have an elephant necklace. it's an elephant. thanks <propfemale> giovanelli!
i am in a very good mood. i just thought all of you should know  smile 
blew her first bubble yesterday!!!! as in gum. too bad no one was paying attention.
i'm about to start crying. facebook is so frustrating.
my mom made christmas tree shaped biscuits for breakfast.  smile 
ddtw
"<propfemale> giovanelli, i love you, too. and i agree."
"""i don't know why i did that"" ""i don't know why you did that, either. we have so much in common!"" ""we're also both not mass murderes""  old english..  smile  <propfirst> <propmale>"
two.  love 
i can clearly imagine all of my teachers sitting in the teachers' lounge planning out all their homework schedules so that i have 156 things due on the same day.
and now i have an urge to bake cookies. so i am going to do so. and eat them all by myself.  laugh 
"dear doctor katz, you are my new favourite person. love, <propfemale>. aka the mystery of my wrist problems is solved. i have chronic tendonitis. wow, that sounds lame. but yay?"
biology. ewh.
"oh, how i wish i could e playful erience all the joys of rain without the mud."
<propfemale> christmas!
"""oh yea ill be the life of the party with my green ovular vegetables"" i love <propfemale> schugel."
needs to wake up so that she can read.
nothing exciting is happening. laammmmee.
 smile 
i've had 6 cookies. i don't know how many more i can handle. i guess i'll just have to hide them somewhere besides my stomach.
"i started playing my piano (well, keyboard) again today, and i don't understand why i ever stopped. my wrists are swollen and my fingers are sore. oh, how i've missed that feeling."
"today i've been reminded of how blessed i am. my family is supportive and loving and wonderful, and my friends are some of the best people there are. i love you guys, and i hope you have a wonderful 2010!  love "
"""good thing we didn't buy any water!"" -<propfemale> giovanelli"
rain/cold. yay.
-2n fr xt kwjfpnsl ns qtaj bnym <propfirst> <propmale> ymfy ny nx hwfed fsi xyzkk qnpj ymfy.
another good day. i'm on a roll  laugh 
i am tired. so i am going to go to sleep now. yay.
<propfemale> giovanelli.
i found my camera-connect-ie thing. yay.
"<propfemale> giovanelli, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> h. <propfirst>, and <propmale> conchelos... it's a penguin! i'm not making fun of you, <propfirst>. i just find it funny. haha. seeeee? funny. heh.."
"blech. i feel yucky. and what do i do when i feel yucky? sit on my couch, eat,  and watch bad television. woopie."
thursday.
"hypothetical: tical the hypo. yes, yes. i am a genius."
today was absolutely wonderful.
i miss the chinese candies.. ): but the love of my dear friends makes up for my loss.  laugh 
 smile 
wouldn't you like to know.
continuing to study for the bio test.
"well, i'm going to go study now. -__-"
"today was a good day. well, not really. i'm just in a good mood. woop."
someone needs to do something exciting. i need to be entertained. now.
4:25  love  !
"a field in the morning sprinkled with dew, flowers and tree bark, and the perfect amount of sunshine. love "
i got 109 out of 100 on my biology final! and my grade went upupup.  laugh 
the sleep mystery remains unsolved. wow.
happy!
"i have an appointment with a pain specialist today at ucla. it's two hours long, and i'll miss most of school. hopefully she'll figure out something to make me hurt less..  smile "
today is december 30th. wuuuuuuut.
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
3  love 
"i'd like to send a shout out to <propfirst> kearns and <propfemale> schugel, but ham."
"<propfemale> kane, you keep me sane.  love "
my status is an original. <propfemale> schugel&quinn kearns  (hamhamham)
i'm going to spend the next few hours pretending that i don't have a biology essay due tomorrow.
"<propfemale> kane, it's us vs. them. we'd better get the frying pan."
<propfemale> kane is koalaboom-worthy. and that's saying something. today was sooooooo much fun!
 love 
wonderful night  love   love  &up is fantastic.
wake me up when september ends.
fun night.  smile !
happy
"today was kind of absolutely dreadful. but right now, i am <propfemale> happy. odd, but nice.   smile "
today is a <propfemale> kane day. woo!
 love   love   love 
lalalalalalalala
 smile 
popchips are mmmmmmmmmmmm. yum.
i am so confused. i do not understand facebook. ahhhhhhh.
i keep hearing this beeeeeep sound. and i don't know where it's coming from. someone make it stop d:
"after a day like today, i know i should have a quote ready for my status, but sadly, my mind has decided to stop functioning for the night. please try again later."
yay doctor  smile 
"dear immune system,   you suck.   love,   <propfemale>"
hello.
 smile 
 love   love   love   love   love 
 love  love  love 
"""this day is forever a day to be held and cherished, because in it we shall have lived, and loved, and nothing else matters but that in this world of our own making to which we have escaped."" -<propfemale> du maurier in /frenchman's creek/ .. i love this book."
happy day of love and other fantastic stuff!
"<propfemale> kane. i tag you because i think, ehehm.. i know you're fantastic."
four  love 
let's make like a fabric softener and snuggle(tm)
study party with yasara and <propfemale> schugel!! yay genetics!
time to clean my room. yay.. -__-
 love   love 
"tonight was great! i only forgot one word of the national anthem, and even though i went slightly-way-up on the pitch, i hit the top note easily (and got woots and whistles), and i had a fantastic time at rite aid with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> kane!!"
geometry then grammar then bed. what a lovely evening.
"i am physically incapable of being creative. but i love you, and happy four months!  love  - <propfirst> <propmale>"
monster headache. it's like there are elephants dancing the conga on my face.
"i'm so off right now.. headache, ringing ears, i poured the milk before the cereal.."
"""for love, as she knew it now, was something without shame and without reserve, the possession of two people who had no barrier between them, and no pride; whatever happened to him would happen to her too, all feeling, all movement, all sensation of body and of mind."" -<propfemale> du maurier in /frenchman's creek/"
-__-
meow
late start tomorrow..  smile  sleep is a blessing that is too often taken for granted.  goodnight!
 smile 
ace of cakes
"100% on my <propmale> scale, <propmale> third, and minor third test. yay."
meh.
*cough* <propfemale> kane *cough*
 laugh o (person)  laugh 0 (hey <propmale>)
hanging with the <propfemale> giovanelli. that's right. the <propfemale> giovanelli.
 love 
<propfemale> kane
"""i hate grammar."" ""i love it!"" ""it doesn't matter how i talk if people can understand me. so as long as i don't speak tarzan, i'm fine."" -<propmale> birmingham"
i'm making cupcakes (]:
blech
"""i really want your friends to know how cool i am"" -my lovely mother"
|: /: ):
snowsnowsnow and more snow
home
ghkfghkafgndfnv new laptop  love 
i'm in one of those moods when i realize how incredibly blessed i am. i love you guys  smile 
newish phone.. message or comment your phone <propfirst>
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
mmmmmmmmmmmm  smile 
"i just received the sweetest, most wonderful message from <propfemale> giovanelli. so i'd just like to publicly declare my love for her. i love you, em!"
"""she's just a mere child.. a sapling in the <propmale> of life."" ""yes. and you and i are towering oaks."" just some family talk"
ehgsfhbsrgfnhsgrfndtgh
"""a whole new <propfemale> for just two problems? math is destroying the world!""""so is ignorance. now do your work."""
goodnight
no wonder i have such a fabulous sense of humor.. my family is hilarious
i am very happy
¿tiene usted <propfemale> gato hambriento?
i want something exciting to happen
sgxhxbsddbd totestoteatoast!!!!!!!!!!
today has been a good day.. a very good day
sweater returning adventure with my mommy
the <propfemale> girls  love 
happy thursday!
"""<propfemale>, you're the smart one.. and <propfemale>, you're the sexy one. and <propfemale>, you're the old one!"" -<propfemale>"
"today for a few minutes, my life was like a musical. choir festivals =  love "
i miss people
meeeerrrrpppp
are m&m's acidic?
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
someone take me to disneyland.. please
goodness gracious! so excited for chicago!
<propfemale> rutherford <propfemale> rutherford <propfemale> rutherford <propfemale> rutherford
"hello, is this <propmale> jacoby?"
i love my cousins  love 
home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home !
meep
adios chocolate
"fried candy...bahhhhhhhhclaralyse <propmale> <propfemale> smith"
i love my <propfemale> kane
life
reading.. it makes me happy
hmmtgmmgmgmrsdpohjsrdghjspoyjg!
tuesday
i miss my friends
 smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> and i fail at stealing fruit tarts
finally
some people are very good for my mood  smile 
retainers are painful.. i think i'm gonna eat/swim/brush my teeth constantly so i'll never have to wear it again
i go to bed a little bit less sane every morning
i miss a lot of people and a lot of things
<propfemale> kane is eating marshmallows.
"""why don't they have any books about the regulation of supply and demand?!"" -some 8-year-old-ish kid at the dollar tree."
"""to be a true hero, kid, is a dying <propmale>like painting a masterpiece, it's a work of he<propmale>"""
friday
beachbeachbeachbeach
"~imagine you are an african living over a thousand years ago. you are polytheistic, meaning you worship and believe in many gods. for example, there is the creator god, god of rain, goddess of birth and fertility, and god of cattle. which god, if any, is most important to you?~ cattle, duhh"
people in documentaries have the best hair
acoustic afternoon  smile  twloha
i like cows ?
thursday
sick /: and i can't sleep.
i  love  free stuff
life is kinda really strange
it's midnight and i'm eating froot loops
hoooommmeee
happy birthday <propfemale> kane!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"life lesson #246: never take an apple from a creepy old hag woman-   thank you, snow white"
and i feel like dannnnncccciiinnngggg..
i have great friends.
cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough
<propfemale> schugel is totally the coolest person ever and i love her oh so much.
i'm sick..
all dressed up to sit in my house. happy halloween.
i'm hardcore weightlifting.
icajb gypebwithnbmkjyb  f zqce
i eat food.
there's so much love going on in my news feed
i greatly enjoyed today.
"and my blood won't stickto the confines of my veins"
reading is fun
1- spanish 2 p (sanchez.. ew) 2- algebra 2 p (korshavn) 3- pe (wegher) 4- english 2 p (scifres) 5- choir 2 advanced (mosley) 6- choir 2 (bloom)
"""at my age you can't take anything for granted. i had a tuna fish sandwich for lunch. it was beautiful."" <propfemale> girls  love "
<propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel <propfemale> schugel
blaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggg
".but you don't know what now to docause the <propmale> is all you knowand she stopped running months ago...and all you see is where else you could be when you're at home and there on the street are so many possibilities to not be alone"
so so so so so so so so so tired
"it's brother's week! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, & is someone you can't live without, copy & paste this to your status. <propmale> birmingham, you rock n' roll, man  love "
goodnight
music recommendations.. <propfemale> go
home
blooregard q. kazoo
i like my friends.
 smile 
fun park-ness with <propfirst> kearns&alex olivares.. gosh i love those kids
beach.. i'm exhausted
i've gone 7 hours without chapstick. woahh.
like this and i will do absolutely nothing
two lessons in one day.. woohoo!
claralyse <propmale>& <propfemale> schugel- thanks for putting up with my embarrassing laugh through the movie. which was great. (<propfirst> pilgrim vs. the world)
chickity <propfemale> the chinese chicken
"""look, look with your special eyes"" ""my brand!"""
children are enjoyable
-__-
teen camp! don't miss me too much.. just enough so that i feel special
wow. hoooommmeee
la-la-las vegas. boom-chickity-boomboom-beeeewp.
byu final.. eww
"in p.e. with nothing to do. boredom to the <propmale>, yo"
"what do cows and <propfemale> have in common? when they're bored, they both watch mooooovies! oh, and the taste in plant life."
i love waking up at 6 and not being able to fall back asleep. i also love sarcasm -__-
i need something to do
i'm happy.
shoomgleywoogley
i really want to redecorate my room
"<propfirst> olivares, <propfirst> <propmale>, and <propfirst> oelsen make the beach extra sweet. groovy day."
"jurassic park in spanish.. oh, the wonders of television"
"i went to the <propfemale> library with <propfemale> lehua, katya san <propfirst>, and <propfirst> olivares, and it was fun. and then we all got like chipmunks and stuffed grapes in our mouths."
my mommy threw me a surprise party  smile 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalaaaaaaa
skyping with some super kool kats
 smile 
tonight i sat in my room and doodled in a notebook. just another status about an amazing night.
so i'm pretty much an inferior being
i really miss my friends ):
i think sometimes i tell people that i love them because i need some love in return.
this is my carefully thought out status
"""if you turn my initials around and add an h, it spells hola!"" -<propfirst> olivares"
goodnight  smile 
great day. greeeeaaat day. guuuh-rate dehhhy.
"usually i have no idea what i'm saying, but this time i do"
"my right hand is cold, and my left is lukewarm."
".when you come too you'll be asking yourself just one questionwas i always this way?"
i love free stuff
i enjoy rereading books
on the road again..
"shopping with my mom  love well.. kind ofshe's in the storeand i'm at homeand we're communicatingthrough cell phone picturesyay for mother daughter bonding"
"i'd like you all to know that i love <propfirst> kearns. and that claralyse <propmale> has fantastic parties. and that <propfemale> kane, <propfemale> giovanelli, and i pretend to be stealing <propfemale> when we're not really stealing it. and that i made voodoo dolls of <propfemale> schugel and myself. heh.."
i am in a <propfemale> schugel mood.
goodnight
"happy birthday today to my darlingest twins.. scone-yuh and kurt-bah, i love you both so very much. i hope your day is wonderful. i can't wait to see both of you and give you big birthday hugs.  smile   love  <propfemale> lehua katya san <propfirst>"
"my favourite number has changed to 32, and my favourite colour to green. something must be seriously wrong.. /:"
"the years have been short but the days go slowly by two loose kites falling from the sky drawn to the ground and an end to flight"
15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15
i am in a good mood
i think i'm in love  love 
/:
<propfemale> wars marathon.. i had no idea what i've been missing  love 
/:
i feel lame -__-
i want song/band suggestions.. got any?
".since then it's been a book you read in reverseso you understand less as the pages turn"
 smile 
/:
 laugh 
i should not be on facebook. i should not be on facebook. i should not be on facebook.
my teeth are naked  smile 
lamelamelamelamelamelamelamelame -____-
hmmmm
this is perfect weather for ice cream consumption.
"there are currently episodes of bones, house, and psych playing, all of which i have not seen.. i don't know if i've ever felt this torn before"
i am thankful for c.s. <propfirst> and his genius character puddleglum. that marsh-wiggle always seems to brighten my mood.
photo shoot con krystall ismy namey o:
"""reinventing the vacuum cleaner has been an obsession of mine for the past seven years..."""
"can i just drop out of school, grow a beard, and join a circus instead of having to make decisions about my future?"
"gourmet- the single most abused term in the world of food and cooking""many foods and food products labeled as 'gourmet' are actually worthless...chemical-laden garbage, and it is utterly misleading to label it with that word,which in all honesty has become meaningless.""urban dictionary is funny"
i can cook things
monday
tuesday
"<propmale> birmingham, <propfirst> o'connor, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> town"
don't mind me.. i'm just gonna curl up into a ball of stress and be consumed by homework and projects..
i got cranberry juice in my eye ):
hey look. i'm filling your news feed with my teenage angst.
"gosh, <propfemale> schugel. you're so embearasting."
raaaaiiinn!!
"""yeah, well i could say i'm an elderly dutch woman, and who's to say i'm not if i'm in the elderly dutch chatroom?"" - xander<propfemale> is such a fabulous show  love "
"in solvang with my mom and dad visiting people i have never met before. i am seriously in need of communication. plus, i miss my friends loads )':"
sometimes i feel clever
i spent my morning getting a gazillion needles poked all over my back and on my upper left arm. how swell.
"so a hawk attacks a pigeon in my neighbor's back yard. a swarm of about 70 crows comes out of nowhere and chased the hawk away, saving the pigeon from serious harm. even the birds can feel the love and sense of family today. yippee for thanksgiving."
dude.. it's friday
mehhhhhhh
wednesday
"i love <propfirst> kearns, claralyse <propmale>, <propfemale> giovanelli, <propfemale> schugel, and our hangy outy times."
"<propfemale>, i'm hoooooome.."
"""i thoroughly disapprove of duels. if a man should challenge me, i would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him."" -<propfirst> twain"
my toe is asleep.. just one of them
-______-
"i know someone who can make me smile and laugh when i'd rather sit in a pile of grumpy and fume fumes of grumpy. it's the same someone with whom i know i can trust everything, and i truly and deeply love more than i can say.. <propfirst> h. <propfirst>, you're the bomb-diggitiest!"
score
"""i make people smell like plums and sunshine."""
 smile 
"<propfemale> schugel, hermy, <propfirst>, sunrise in the west, and gill,  love   love   love   love "
after christmas sales are da bomb
goodnight
"i'm pumped for life, man"
uuuurrrrggghhh
 smile 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
