683
b77848f3cbf4a8a87d33d95aa41abe48
32
-
"school time is coming again!  where has my summer gone?!  d:  oh man, i'm a senior!   surprise "
"listening to <propfirst> swift's ""you belong with me"" on repeat~!   laugh "
...excuse me while i go flail over dgm's 2010 calendar....  x'd;;
2 weeks or so until i'm 18!  d':  this debut business is tough and stressing!  :'<  traditional and modern-day birthdays do not mix.  @-@;;
is listening to abba.   laugh 
"""adik sa yo"" is now over!  d:  there goes another drama i like!  ;_;  time to watch ""darna""!  x'd"
"the people that are the hardest to love, are the ones who need it most."
"this goes to asu students:  is anyone living at the villas on apache?  i'm in the process of signing an apartment lease contract for a 2bed/2bath(double occupancy), and i was wondering if anybody would be interested in roommate requests."
"i'm really sorry if you guys got this weird ""friend faq"" sent from me!  i clicked on it by accident and it did this...   sad "
graduation is done!   laugh   now for freshman orientation at asu tomorrow morning!  x'd  and then phoenix comicon!   smile   /busy
"going down for a visit next week to edinburg, texas!   smile   just thought i'd make a status message about that.   wink "
"lol, hey guys~  i need your help~  i'm gonna make a completely new facebook account, with a totally unrelated name (with a new and unrelated email to boot), but i'm totally stumped on what new name to go with.  ideas?   laugh "
"look at your status. now back to mine. now back to yours. now back to mine. sadly, yours isn't mine. but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine. look down. back up. where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like. anything is possible when your status resembles an old spice commercial."
drove <propfemale> zinkan home past midnight after some creeping around at the grand canyon all day.  life is good.  :b   love 
"a bit early to announce, but i'll be visiting edinburg for a week or so around new year's time!   laugh    love "
"lol, i am currently going through an overdue tween phase that never happened because some derpy thing called ""anime"" took all my attention back then.  :b  i am so ready to go to college, ffff.   laugh "
"staying at the apt tomorrow cuz <propfirst> gresenz bailed on me.  bl  jk jk!   laugh   after today's shenanigans at the job fair with <propmale> duong nguyen, i just wanna laze around. |d;;  that is, until my parents come and help me pay for the rest of my school stuff, fff.  ^^;;who can see me working for radio disney?   laugh   i got the guy's last information packet for the job, much to my relief.  :b"
"<propfemale> zinkan, i just want to thank you for getting me into the series ""bakuman"".  i'm not going to get any sleep tonight now, because i'll be frantically trying to catch up to the latest chapter.   laugh    love "
"hey guys~   laugh   i'm moving on monday to an apartment (for college reasons), and i was wondering if some of ya'll would be cool if i printed out pictures (from good times, derp moments, and cool cosplay shots) to decorate onto the wall in my room?   smile    love "
"so i had a dream about longchamp's girlfriends last night.  particularly the chapter where they go bowling.  d8  lol, aleyna rigby, you're gonna be such a pimp with 6 ugly girlfriends.  :b  i call sanappi, guys.  /dibs   laugh "
"ciaossu, guys~  just wanting to tell you fellow rebonerds that the ""katekyo hitman reborn! gathering"" thread has been created on taiyou con's forums.  let's go dominate!   love "
"guys, i made a new account~  maimai sayumi is where i'll be posting up con pictures and the like~  don't freak out when you get a friend request!   laugh    love "
"i said i would do this so here we go...   laugh ;;like my status & i'll tell you: 1. something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds. 2. the color you remind me of. 3. my first memory of you. 4. the animal you remind me of. 5. ask you something that i've always wondered about you. 6. challenge you to repost this."
i need to start packing up stuff for the grueling car trip to texas...  to my edinburg peeps:  how's the weather down there?   smile 
