321
d4eecf21834a953b8b2f07bb7e6c6564
22
-
studyyingggg     smile 
i just want to be successful &hearts;
love conquers all right?
awww my man mj   !!  sad 
so tired of lames 
tall is sexiiii
me myself and i is all got in the end thats what i found out aint there aint no need to cry i took a vow that from now on imma be my own best friend    i totally agree with beyonce  smile  loll
hmm   thinking  ??
woot woot!!
"“to be your friend was all i ever wanted; to be your lover was all i ever dreamed"""
"some dudes are <propfemale> full of  omgg but its okayy  time will tell right?   well if this is you heres what you should do  dont even come up  dont say stuff you know aint true  whats the use, lets not play the game!"
okkk   lets try this again  g;nite facebook  cinnamon toast crunch gave me the itis!!  hahaha that should do the trick  wink 
kinda love the rain   sometimes!
damn life is so difficult so complicated!
just finish watching american history x with my cuz!  greatt movieee!
"""my night has become a <propfemale> <propfemale> because of you "" --ibn abbad"
oh yea   good morning fellow facebookers!
 smile  im sooo happi
"you ever just clean, and then od with it and clean the whole house lmaoo  yeahh thats what happened to me today  it started in my room  then the kitchen  then the bathroomm  then the kitchen floor    loll  wow, sounds like i was having sex    lmao"
how do i delete tagged photos?!
jamming to last <propmale> by genuine
<propfemale>o much on my mind!   && <propfemale> excited!
am i the only one awake on facebook? lol
iiii cant sleep!!
age aint nuthin but a number thats what i say!
nahh ill have some cinnamon toast crunchh!!
motherfucka im ill  lol   ; 
i have this sudden urge to read 
goodnite yaall!!
ive learned something really important today: youve got to be cruel to be nice  
"do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment "
aww crap i got <propfemale> much reading to catch up on!
i <propfemale> need new picz  smile !!
if you havent seen hangover  or ugly truth  please see it!! its great  ssooo fuckin funny man!
have u ever just seen someone walk down the street with <propfemale> much confidence  just looking all happy and blessed  ! like a angel on earth  ?? yes! that was me ! !  wink 
juss taking a break from some research  omg ive been on csi campus allll day  ! i gotta get outta here  smile  latah facebook!
can somebody tell me some cool shopping places in the city or bk?? somewhere i can get good prices!!
"do people actually read those ""me quizzes ""lol"
"about to eat a bowl of special k, with the strawberries in it! mmm  !"
i want to be model!
onn my skoo ish!
i make stupid choices but they only make me wiser
"gotta clean my room, do my hair, get my labtop fixed   ! go to kohls and change my availability probably pick something up   hmm wut else? any ideas?  holla at me  smile "
yoyoyoyo
its a new day!
confused  annoyed 
"gotta get my hair relaxed but i keep combing it loll, its hard having short hair, cuz u gotta keep up with it   it looks a mess if i don't flat iron it atleast every other day, thats a lot for a black chic! ugh"
then work  about to change my <propmale>
 sad  sad face b-cuz it represents my mood  sad
thanks  wink 
hot wuk hot wuk hot wuk!
sleep 
im out!  wink 
webcam sucks lol
duttywine duttywine  duttywine!!!!
ughh   when will i learn to drive finnallly?!
determination!!  wink  i luv it!
missing my babii!
talkinn to my baby  smile 
too sexy for pajamas !! ;p
i makes stupid choices but they only make me wiser
jesus is my homie  wink 
relationship 1: you and god relationship 2: you and other believers in god   relationship 3: you and the non-believers
chillen out!
feeling beautiful lovely gorgeous genius poewerful insanee and amazing  g'nite fb  smile    sleeping lovely zzz
im outtie!
god in me  
hahahahaha! loll dunno why im laughing   good morning facebook!  wink 
psychology convention yesterday was very interesting  
espanol manana and sicologia  smile 
i absolutely love the thrill of life!!!!  smile 
does any fellow csi students know the promo code for internships com ??!! please let me know if you do??!!
offf to bed! tomorrows a new day cant wait!
"thats corny, i thought you could use tatoodle and make a layout for your facebook! thats so dissapointing! i mean like, really  when will be able to customize our crap!"
<propfemale>'s halloween party saturday! i can't wait  smile    getting myself a costume today !! don't u love picking out costumes! hmmm   what should i be>??!
had fun this weekend  ! now back to studying!!!! ;p  laugh  wish me luck !!!
i'm bad!!!
psych test today! give it to me baby i'm ready!!  loll!
like my new pic?
newww yorkkk   theres nuthin u can''t dooooooo ! ! !
sleeping      end 
schooltimeschool time schooltime!!   woot!  wink 
does anyone know  the promo code for interships  com??!!!! please say yes!
ummm  talking to darnellie!!
im gonna be a belly dancer playful  !!!  smile 
 laugh 
lalalalala    &hearts;
ahhh no more of this pleaseee&hearts;
manana: espanol y sicologia! happi ? lol
don't try so hard cuz you want to be mine because w any relationship it just takes time just be yourself and u will see that maybe we truly r meant to be
&hearts;  laugh  bak to work now!
"lol dont be mad at my moment of truth responses lol i didnt read the questions i just clicked yes, no yes, no, yes, noe  etc  byeee"
so much on my mind   hmmm ??   
hey im at the loop bus stop in front of 2a
"everything is on my my mind school work is just finee but something else just makes this pounding feeling in my heart, i get this lump in my chest and i just cant speak, u make me speechless  i just cant separate my lips to speak   can u feel the heat?"
gotta go with my sis to kohl's later!
the show was a blast!!!!!!!  smile 
i love being me!
essay!
"yay, my mom is finally home!!"
be the change you want to see in the world  smile 
i miss uuuu!!
on my way to a great life & no onee is going to stop me!  love 
"in this world there are not that may ppl that will genuinely care about u,but some will  so don't forget to show them how much they mean to u!"
i betta get a lot of x-mas gifts ! lol!  playful 
<propfemale> x-mass everybody  laugh  laugh 
yay i am home finally & im leavin again
woah  ! =} gotta get back 2 class
i love my nose   by the way  laugh 
<propmale> rashawn sweetie pie lol
im too sexiii bayyybieee!
going to see the tree and ice skating this evening with <propfirst> nickerson 
on my grind  wink 
i really hope i start feelig bettah
"wow my step dad got madd reggae songs we could be listening to at parties, im tite  annoyed "
mims!
what a beautiful night  had a nice time tonight  
purple lace     love 
haha
"2010 fashion show, i'm wit it!"
off to see legion!!!
so tite the jets lost!
going to the mall with <propfemale>
"do it trembling if you must,                   but do it !"
"studying for spanish, english hw and acting!   oooo acting is great!"
what would you do if u knew u couldn't fail?!!
"many things are on my mind, whats my future? what am i destined to do  ? how can i make my dreams come true? slowly but surely ill get there  you just have to make a plan  stay motivated and confident and have extraordinary drive! anything is possible, you just gotta take a <propmale>!"
hollaaaa  helloo   goodmorning everyoneee!!! rise and shine!   the world awaits u!!  smile  woootwooot!! woohooo!! i love u ppl 
focus: g-0-d
legion was poppin
"on mah straight scholar swag rite now lmao, srry darnellie , i <propfemale> stole that frm u! llol"
love annoyed oving yourself  love 
yay!! going shopping!!
aw u got a new shortie!
he is   
so much on my mind  
broadway dance center!
does anyone know a great place to buy dance clothing; like for ballet jazz etc  ????
wish i could fly    
listening to <propfirst> brown's brown skin girl
"youre way tooo beautiful girl, thats why it will never work ! ;p"
"why is it that the ppl we love dont love us back and the ppl that love us we dont return it or we dont believe its real, im hating this right now  i don't understand this  can someone e playful lain?"
"what's a quick way to save up money  ????    like $1,500 "
"lmaoo wow, reading ppl comments  playful     ahh back to school!"
thinking about what my purpose is in life ??
is beautiful  wink 
omgg cant focuss; fb isn't helping! lol
"*****attention*****get your car washed today by the ladies of fashion penthouse at the official pre-summer car wash! (~auto spa on 511 bay street, s i, ny~) !!        join fashion penthouse at our launch banquet at the crown palace next saturday (~201 new dorp ln, s i, ny~)! contact me for more details or email fashion penthouse productions  at supportfpp@gmail com !"
<propfemale> all fails; go shopping >!  love 
"girls are like phones  we love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!"
"lol  what a funny easter today    smile  had a good time with my fam, now studying for the rest of the night  don't bother me lol !"
"""we make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give """
who cares what they say???
"done with my past! & on with my present, and future! muah to you all! love you all!!  playful "
"lol, i check my friend requests and i get one from my mom  i really find this hillarious "
"it's best friend week! ? repost this if you have a best friend whois always there for you, and you appreciate their friendship"
ahh i feel like <propfemale> lonely these days frowny 
"its my brother <propmale>, my step father, and my brother-in-laws b-day!"
websterrrr halll   ! :b
yay! <propmale>'s is open!  laugh  who's joining me??
"wow! what a great day, u know ppl take life for sometimes don't we smh! lol  we need to learn how to enjoy life and do the things we love   smile "
fb is annoying  lol but i'm still here    wassup everybody ?
i hate when i loose a friend!
i don't get the purpose of pokes   
all smiles today !    almost
hahahaha
i'm going to be famous!
asdf space jkl; -<propfemale> beacon
i have found the one thing that has made me happy  and that was loving myself  i never have loved myself as much as i do now   & i intend on keeping it this way  i have something within me that cannot be changed because god's heart is in me! it is only when you truly love yourself that you can give your heart to those who love you  i  love  u!
feeling like blah   love 
heyy i forgot to say thank  u guyss fo alllll of the b-day love  smile ) ;p  i just now saw all the b-day comments i got today! yay 
sweet fantasy
ughhh im so tired
sweet fantasy by <propfemale> <propfirst> 
"<propfemale> and adonis assign , yellow wallpaper essay, dance resume, look up performing arts schools, and x-change 4:13 all before my day is done! smile "
i have a lot on my mind running out of time to find the right words to sayyy   if u know me   u will see the games they wanna playyy     lol
the banquet turned out to be a great success!!!!  smile  smile  congratulations!!to me & all members of fash phenomenon!
"you made a fool of me, tell me why??"
watching the decision 
"join fashion penthouse at our launch banquet at the crown palace next saturday (~201 new dorp ln, s i, ny~)! hit me up for more details or email fashion penthouse productions at supportfpp@gmail com !"
"*fash phenomenoncordially invites you to a flamboyant social cultural eventcalled*africollabo* it takes place on july 17th @ edge water on 691 baystreet, staten island, ny  it is the talk on staten island! don't missthe fun!r s v p and contact a member of fash phenomenon for tickets tickets are $20 for guys 21 & up and $15 for ladies 18 & up!please join us for this *phenomenal night! (pun intended) lol"
"*fash phenomenon cordially invites you to a flamboyant social cultural event called*africollabo* it takes place on july 17th @ edge water on 691 bay street, staten island, ny  it is the talk on staten island! don't miss the fun!r s v p and contact a member of fash phenomenon for tickets  tickets are $20 for guys 21 & up and $15 for ladies 18 & up!please join us for this *phenomenal night! (pun intended)"
"ahh well, off to bed  had a long day today "
can't sleep
tyrese = edible  love on my old school <propfemale> taking it back <propfemale>- angel &shouldve known better!
is at home relaxing on her bed thinking about him  he's so specoal this god almighty! smile 
gonna be at school all day today!
can't sleep  sad 
chillen like a villian
"""he might be nothing to you but he's the shit to me"" kanye west"
mmmm  17 inches laugh 
"leave me the f*** alone if i don't like you  thanks!  wink but, on a happier note i got to see my hubby tonight! you made my night babe  smile     gn facebook "
wondering about life    how interesting it can be   you never know which way it will take you 
wondering about the things you usually don't have time to think about  trust me its not always a good thing   you might wind up thinking about an ex!  annoyed  #frustrated  lol
is listening to black violin
"so bummed, i left my cell phone home again!"
"i once wished i was beautiful & forgot, i already am  i wished i were perfect & hey, i'm actually pretty damn close, i wished i could have someone who cares & i got this one hot guy with great personality who loves everything about me, even on my *off days    because i'm perfect in his eyes  couldn't ask for anything more!  laugh    ? i love you baby!"
i love learning about jesus
"i know that in which i must do, and i will do it!"
ive brought so much pain among the people who care  god help me! are you there? are you listening to my prayers?
f**** noo!
miss my thighs  sad 
i hate when i lose a friend  sad 
can't wait to upload new pics!
whats the point of fb if you cant post what u really want to?
texts can be so annoying playful 
just finished watching the sweetest thing
he is   
