199
3969e4477a184aeeb7479bde6b1a9a7b
17
-
trying to mind-fuck me is a terribly bad idea  for if my mind was a vagina? i'd no doubt have several venereal diseases  you just might catch something 
"it is no lie  i do not concern myself with catastrophe, inhumanity, corruption, mayhem, or violence towards others  my concern is the financial and legal ramifications of my own actions    you have to be crazy to mess with the irs "
"a good truth teller realizes there is a loophole around lying  perspective, after all, can mold both fact and truth like warm <propmale> "
"child: daddy?me: yes, son?child: wh-what does regret mean?me: you see son, the funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret something you have done than to regret something you haven't done    by the way, when you see your mother this weekend? be sure to tell her: satan satan satan satan satan!!"
"what does paperwork and gasoline have in common? besides being -extremely- flammable, they both burn up your time and money "
if you truly ever wish to kill someone? let them die and be forgotten 
"last year's advice i received that shone through the rest?""shut up, <propfirst>  just shut up "" ~ jovanny"
    if you're frightened of dying and you're still holding on? you'll see devils tearing your life away  if you've made your peace? those devils can be seen as angels  freeing you from the earth 
"the irony runs deeper than an open wound    those who profess to love the freedoms of self-e playful ression seem to hate those who exercise those very same freedom for themselves  it's reverse mccarthyism  where one is labeled a troll for speaking against popular opinion as opposed to being labeled a ""communist"" "
i love my beautiful victorian hair 
    lolcat needs to be hit by a roflbus 
"people generally value your words less than you do  add value to what you say  talk less and make your point simple "
"before i sleep, i close my eyes and feel everything    and what's everything? it's nothing  only a word "
"    why weren't any professional wrestlers at the <propfirst>s? and what kind of name is ""<propfirst>"" anyway?"
"though i am often seen as bright, i prefer to be dim  after all, i don't want too much light escaping from the dark of a person's blindspot "
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes  it really puts the smile on my face that no knife could   smile 
an unstable object appears the most stable when doing nothing 
respect and forgiveness is not something to be handed out freely like halloween <propfemale>  respect and forgiveness must be earned or not given at all 
"""life as a soldier at least provides meals and shelter, and, despite the occasional risk of death in combat, it is a far safer choice than living homeless in the streets ""as much respect as i have invested in the military and my friends who serve, there's still the many who enlist as a last resort  they aren't heroes  they aren't soldiers "
"normally, i don't like to post twice in one day  however, in all this free-time i've had to read? it seems to me that there's always some bitch getting pregnant who can't decide which out of two men to be with  oh, no    this isn't at all degrading  as a matter of fact, feminazi's find it empowering!*eyeroll*how disgusting   "
"*strokes his <propfemale> thoughtfully* i can't help but to get the suspicious feelings that my former co-workers are avoiding me, but i don't know why  hrmmmm    "
"stop crying racism when someone says ""nigger"" or ""jew""  words only have as much power as you allow and your lack of self-esteem isn't our problem  if you want ""social equality"" so fucking bad, revert to communism "
"teetering between madness and sanity is a balancing act  a great balancing act indeed "
when diplomacy fails cruelty is a virtue 
i laugh at my luck much in the same way i laugh in death's face! making eye contact with death often results in us both laughing at each other 
"""though feeding a monster may benefit you at first, feeding him until he's strong enough to hunt for his own prey may make you his first meal  it's nature  nothing personal"" ~ moral of last night's trip to hell "
"""if you can't prove the crime then i won't do the time "" ~ <propmale>"
when someone tries to bring you down? use them to break your fall 
"i didn't step in because i felt it was ""the right thing to do""  i did it because letting it go on would further irritate me "
"i had my share of ""<propfemale>"", a cigar, and dreampt that i raped two beautiful women  my birthday was a swell day "
dum dada dig-diddly dag-do bom shibbidy bop bop da diggidy da dum  oh    diggidy dum 
"if you learn to enjoy your own company, you'll have a friend for life "
please know that i'm one of the worst people to tell you what you want to hear  if that's what you're looking for then might i suggest calling a psychic instead?
warning: does not play well with others 
the times i can't complain are the times i do the most  on a diet of rum coffee and codeine buttered toast 
"pain is an e playful erience  much like the more pleasant things  it's not just kids who don't get it, it seems to me that neither do other people "
"*bows* greetings  i'm an insignificant stranger  i've been told that i'm an asshole, that i suck  don't e playful ect me to have any qualms about that either!"
"there's a reason prostitution has earned the title as being one of the oldest and most successful of businesses  it's honest, there's little conversation involved, and when the woman is done? she doesn't take half of your property "
"as of late, it appears my mind has been as slippery as a wet bar of soap  i suppose it wouldn't help if i spit on my hands "
"i've learned that as you lose people in your life, you realize you're the only friend you have  the only person who you can really trust "
stop bullying now! post how much you hate bullying and stereotyping with unrelated sob stories! don't forget to reinforce guilt and manipulate the goodwill of others! tell them they encourage hate by not spreading your message of peace!
"*sigh*     why is it whenever a child or teenager dies, they always had such bright futures ahead of them? mental masturbation over the dead should be considered an emotional form of necrophilia "
 sad 
"remember, children: before calling someone a ""cocksucker"" or ""whore"", make sure you're telling the truth! though slander is illegal, using the truth to kill someone's image is not!"
the status quo can properly go fuck itself  *thumbs up*
a loss of life is not so tragic once realized another will take their place 
grin and bear it  when that fails? grin and crush them 
"i don't believe in <propfemale>  i don't believe in sin  and if you don't believe in me, i'll sing this tune over again  i don't believe in miracles  and i don't believe i'll try  but i do believe in captain crunch, for i am the frizzle fry!"
it has occurred to me that people take communication for granted  that people abuse their ability to talk by spending so much time saying nothing 
*grins* if all things are true? then my ancestor no doubt purchased a house in hell with an ocean view 
life is too short  who has time for tears?
i got into a car accident today    and if things couldn't possibly get any better? i was blamed for it! yaaaaaaaaaaay!    but at least i'm home 
i feel different     somehow   
you'll never know how much you're worth in life until you lose everything of value first 
don't e playful ect to see any hair on my tongue  most of the acid melted it away 
if in the mind of those around you a guilty-verdict has been passed? just go ahead and commit the crime  it's not as though it will change anything or surprise anyone 
"court dates, attorneys fees, appeals, casual clothing and a bottle of scotch  a long month with an outcome i'm eager to see "
"doing some ""spring cleaning"" on this profile  since my image has started to change? so does this profile  pardon my dust!"
"in today's episode of <propfirst>'s life: a grown, sniveling hispanic man whines and complains to the instructor about not accepting his late homework assignments i begin to ask myself: is stupidity is a genetic trait? and if so, is it prevalent in some races more than others?"
i'd rather try and be completely wrong than never try and believe i was right 
chaos is the possibility and the presence of all things  law is the categorization and appropriation all of all things  even law is a subset of chaos 
"*thinks: ""there are too many 'awesome' people these days and so few willing to show for it ""*"
the wonderful thing about children is that you can teach them to hate the things you hate!
unless you're willing to pay someone? if you want something to be done your way you have to do it yourself  no one i know would do it for free 
"i believe i've reached inner peace  i've come to the realization that the people on this earth are here to do what i wish of them  i believe once they've come to that understanding and accept it, that they'll be at peace too "
