559
0ab7efcd582b43d58c1fec65058efa72
37
+
can't sleep gotta detox
loneliness is overrated.
confused.........
i miss fish........why?
moving in tommrow at nine this is for real!
going to a show tommorow and i am driveing if you wanna come hit me up!
i got my duplex today 4th and utica call me if you wanna stop by!
i have to pass a drug test on monday any one have an ideas?
sometimes even your best friend is not who you think they are
excited about seeing my man and getting our home
i got a new pad 6th and utica let me know if you live near by i gotta a bike
time is tiresome
party at my house on fri 1633 e 4th st second fourth on utica green porch light be there or be square byob
nobody cares
pissed off tired of fake shit.
i keep getting older and everyone else keeps getting younger and younger.
im am going to become a certified baker. want some cakes?
so i fucked up my knee 30 minutes before my first day as a baker and had to spend 10 hours with out a break so now my knee is really screwed and so is my life.
sombody call me
"life is about the journey, not the destination(cw)"
i may need knee surgery
"bad news torn my acl they told me it was severly damaged no more walking for kate...my clinical depression is really kicking in now a bridge sounds lovely,"
sick of the shit
who is going to the toasters show
let me know about parties.
trippin in <propmale>
"a poem flash backs like old cadalacs shining muave and foam. an emperior on this thing called life i stand. i used to be a poet would you know it me? a whirl wind of lives flash before eyes, unseen by thought in a disguise what do we know? a query of mind and sight unfathomable by minds. we wounder."
what happend to spazz
i dont know how i am going to sleep.
life is so much easier now.....i need to find somewhere to live besides t-town its slowly dragging me down day by day.
today is randys birthday and this day also marks our three years!looking forward to i fun filled day.
leaves of grass have you seen this movie? never heard tulsa so talked about in a movie before.
wow did i really just sleep 15 hours straight with no waking there goes my monday.
just broke my water and started my drip
rain makes happiness
changing your life means changing your crowd how to do this?
this baby keeps waking me up i think she has the hiccups
anybody know where toget cheap medical books like the icd-9 or the cpt(prof)for 2010
"i have not been nervous or stressed until now god i hope he doesn't head for the hills when it comes down to the ""i do"" part"
alright ladies here is the date for my shower invites will be sent out next week its going to be december 4 i dont know what time or where but ill figure it out so put it on your agenda those of you whos address i dont have send it to me!
super stoked that my family driving all the way from louisiana for my shower haven't seen my family in years !  smile 
so i guess i have been doing what they call nesting? because everyone knows im not a fan of cleaning but im almost ocd about it right now my whole house is going to <propfemale>. my husband surprised me with a clean kitchen and breakfest this morning always a great start to a sunday.
registered at target today mom got a little trigger happy! if you wanna check it out go to target.com and if you cant find me under shell try shells!
oh how i want to build a snowman. but he says we have no boots : (
school wouldn't let me in roll for next semester put me on loa now i dont know what to do with my self?
"i'm listening to ""workin' man's blues"" by <propfirst> haggard http annoyed /bit.ly/eymgdz"
wishes it was raining
feeling more like humpty dumpty everyday. any one who has baby stuff they dont need send it my way cause im gonna need it.
"i'm listening to ""never gonna stop (the red, red kroovy)"" by <propmale> zombie http annoyed /bit.ly/evbhhj"
realized today that farts are sometimes a warning to put the diaper back on...or its bathtime for you and baby and anything that came in conntact with baby. i have never been pooped on untill today. ahh the joys of motherhood  smile 
"i'm listening to ""yellow submarine"" by the beatles http annoyed /bit.ly/dv03tz"
bobs going away party tonight my house second fourth on utica. byob he is leaving tomorrow last <propmale> to see him
me not going to school has really screwed my sleep schedual i have been up all night scrubbing my floors on hands and knees?
lawernce was amazing but i realized no matter how hard i try i can never get away from this town
so i have a week off my adventure begins
i am no longer the pastry girl fuck corporate <propfemale>!
i've never been a fan of the waiting game. seems as though thats all there is to do?/:
some day i will be as cool as everyone else and not have to use this cheap cricket phone to facebook. i cant see my own post and a bunch of other stuff if i dont respond to a post comment its because im cheap and cant afford an actual computer.
being a white girl and having native care maybe was not the best idea.
i dont know if i like this whole waking up early thing
i dont understand how you can be friends with someone on facebook yet in real life you refuse to acknowledge them. i am still crushed inside and well never love a friend like i loved you. i wish you could see me for who i really am
i got pink eye from a pharmacy tech really who would go to work that way sucks cause i only have one good eye and it happens to be in that one my world has looked fussy all day. word of advise never get your medicine from someone with a swollen puffy eye.
i thought watching this show called birthday on discovery health would make me feel more comfortable about giving birth. it didnt just freaks me out more.
headed to the scottish games ready to eat some fish and chips. i just hope i can still fitt into that plaide skirt.any one else going?
my new dr says my baby fine no hard evidence of downs thats two dr now saying the same thing now i can breath thanks for the prayers everyone things are finaly looking up.
feels pregnant.
glad to have bobs back!
time to burn your money ladies and gentle men now thats freedom!
not ready to be 23
i thought today was the day but yet no baby the anticipation is killing me my mom has been saying she will come during a snow storm first snow fall is on monday cross your fingers.
i had five teeth pulled and i feel like shite also dropped my phone in the toliet so if you try to call me my phone does not work. anyone know any good books i got a library card with my new last name ?
worse thing about my pregnancy is the heart burn. everything else is not so bad.
i am trapped in this shit whole and i feel like ripping off all of my flesh. get me out of here
goodbye world i have found my place and that is to make someone that is great. no longer who i used to be.
hm. . . yea sleeping is a totall no go for me atleast my husband seems to be doing it just fine  sad 
you really find out who your true friends are in your worst of times.  a friend stands by your side even if you make mistakes. i now realize that i was always just a door mat ....never again
june 11 the day i will no longer be a <propmale>. you know someone trully loves you when your faults mean nothing.
<propmale> party going on after claypool show
im becoming very parcel to the name river what do you think? thought about <propmale> than if he ever played sports jersey would say c.shell
ready for some snow.
starts school next tuesday!
o how i how i love my best friend phone works now!
i got my first pair of elastic waist pants today they are so sexy.
i friend who judges is no friend at all.
im glad i married a man who can cook!
cant sleep tomorrows the big day what a step to take i havnt had butterflies like this in years
"this question is for all the ladies and moms out there. do you think it is appropriate to do some ""grooming"" before seeing your ob what about while your pregnant is it rude to put hairy legs next to your doctors head?"
this looking for a house thing is driving me crazy
terrified of life............
an oklahoma lake is the closest thing an oklahomen has to the ocean at least we have something.
only thing good about thursday is new office episods!
next fri i turn 23 i feel like i am falling to much behind
five more days before i become a shell i cant believe this amazing man wants to marry me i am so grateful.
"i'm listening to ""let it be me"" by social distortion http annoyed /bit.ly/fvcemt"
what a great night its amazing when you can still learn things about someone even after 3&1/2 years and no matter what you can still make each other laugh i hope it stays this way. im so happy this man is mine oh how i love him!
newer thought i would say this but i am ready to have this baby.
"i'm listening to ""take me home country roads"" by toots & the maytals http annoyed /bit.ly/i6zuuw"
yay for pall grants now that im married i get to go to school start tomorow building a new life one day at a time.
feel like i have lost two of my best friends
tree house of terror ! oh how i love october
"broken glasses,stool softeners,boob leakage in the middle of class,coffe all over the new purse.enough said i just wanna go back to bed."
guess who is having a baby this weekend! schedualed to be induced 5am friday morning
3rd weekly <propfemale> has not dropped but she is headed in the right direction. i dont think she coming out this week but i am officialy full term now you never know. <propfirst> guess the 7 i think the 11 what do you think?
is worried sages first words are going to be medical codes
officialy 9 months pregnant! my husband said today he was only going to change 3 diapers a day boy is he sadly mistaken.
here is the status baby wont drop and i am still @3 c section
two more days sucks im poor : (
its weird having a different last name. your name makes you who you are. feel like a different person.
krs1
is it a bad thing that my wedding dress is green and not white?
you know you have found your mate when when one of your best days consist of two people covered in poision <propfemale> but yet laughing without a care in the world.
i am very proud of my self i have only gained 35 pounds through out this pregnancy which is all baby! doesnt mean im not going to try to lose weight after she is born. i see a gym member ship in my future.
my electricity <propmale> is going to be so high . being unemployed sucks im terrified of rent.
i need some pickme up music advise gogols always nice any ideas?
oh man this baby kicks me so hard sometimes she throws me off balance man this is weird.
i am the master of procrastination i cant tell if this is a bad thing?
finaly got my homework done now lets see if this baby lets me go to sleep.
ready to grow up. i wish others would let me. and why do people who are jealous try to ruin others lives? it doesnt matter what this town thinks all i care about now is my future say what you like about me it doesn't matter we know the truth.
welcome <propfemale> <propfemale> shell born january 14 1:27 pm 8.12 pounds 19 1\2 inches beautifull healthy baby girl happy birthday <propfemale> will have pictures up soon.
you dont realize how much medicine rocks untill you cant have it.
oh how i love my husband he just spent an hour cleaning out the tubs because im to pregnant to bend over it i didnt even have to ask. cant wait to hit the lake best stress relever the wilderness also thanks for all the support <propfemale> is two weeks bigger than she is suppose to be so pretty much she is gonna be a chunky little monkey.
"i'm listening to ""rhinestone eyes"" by gorillaz http annoyed /bit.ly/gde6dr"
had the weirdest feeling yesterday. i put a speaker next to my baby and the only music he would move to was death metal. ha imagine that thinking death metal going to be more constant in my house hold now
"im ready to be able to put my shoes on, walk,pick things up off the floor and climb more than three steps without losing my breath. but at least my mom shaved my legs today she is so brave. aren't moms great!"
i saw a brown pelican near the tulsa international airport the other day first time in my life to see one here in oklahoma. where would you go if your home was covered in poisin? there has to be another solution.the water well never be the same :[
this pregnancy things not so bad atleast not for right now well see if my mind is changed when she decides to arrive. i do on the other hand hate how these vitamines make you hair grow come on give me a break im french if this were the late 60 i wouldn't feel so bad i hate shaving on top of that i cant even see my legs when i stand wtf!
anybody got any ideas on earthy/native baby names boy or girl?
rrrrrrrr........i miss my husband
o how i love thrift stores jesus and a nun for under 20$.
best weekend of my life officaly  <propfemale> <propfemale> shell. let me know what you all think of the photos! *****happily married*****
thank god for parents i dont know what i do without mine.when your poor the goverment will buy you food but forget about having clean clothes or hair dont even think about toilet paper.thanks mom & dad!>>>i am trully blessed.
"nausea,hip pain,stiff back, a constant thumping in my tummy, all these things are keeping me up this late i have to be in class in 5 hours not complaining just wishing this baby would take it a little easy on me tonight."
all i can think about is a big bowl of gumbo oh how i wish i had a stove.
i never enjoyed christmass shopping now i get to do it while pregnant hm. what fun.
oh how nice it is to have <propfirst> home i actually got to sleep more than three hours today!
im so tired.
thank you every one on the wonderful photo comments!
being married to a native can be hard. i have learned that the best thing to do when they come home stumbeling to just keep your mouth shut.
downtown can be beautifull in the right light.
im due tomorow and this baby still has not dropped looks like i may be picking out her birthdate. if she is not here by next monday.
"quote of the night ""or relastionship spazz is one big akward situation""(kate)"
today was my first day to be mommy by myself cause daddy had to go to work lets just say @ one point in the day both me and <propfemale> were crying this is not easy.
yea! i get to have three teeth pulled while pregnant doesn't that sound like fun!
maybe its not a good idea to go to places were people are packed in a <propfemale> place while pregnant cause now im got a sever sore throat really hope i dont have strep throat apparently strep loves pregnant people from now on i am not going anywhere.
finaly got are ps3 man layaway rules.
in wagnor
"does anyone else love the smell and feel of a brand new #2 pencil,,is this weird?"
finaly got are ps3 man layaway rules. anyone know any good co opp games?
eh. . . if i lived were the rest of my family did i know i would of been watching that lsu game. its hard being an lsu fan in this state. o well good job tigers and sooners!
whats the best way to forget the past?
i am so bad at procrastenation. just now packed my hospital bag any one have any good ideas on somethings i might need? also finally moving into our house the first of feb there is already a for rent sing in my front yard!
this will be our last date night for awhile. i hope everything goes well tomorow i will keep everyone updated.
this is not easy
so today is my d day wish my husband was here so we could work on some inducing practices.
"i'm listening to ""the seeker"" by the who http annoyed /bit.ly/dy4bh0"
i wish face book had a dont like this button with a little thumbs down.
woke up craving french toast all we had was bread and 4$ 30minutes later my wonderfull husband brought me the most amazing french toast break fest i have ever had! dont know how he does it but i am so blessed. sorry i just had to brag.
anyone know any fun baby shower games. except for <propfemale>
"i'm listening to ""everything sucks"" by reel big fish http annoyed /bit.ly/g8hvt8"
everyone please pray for <propfemale>.
i got my first pair of elastic waist pants today they are so sexy
i need addresses for my baby shower! even if you live in a different state but still want an invite give me an address i would love for all my lady friends to come if you dont send me your address i will bother you for it  smile 
school&pregnancy=worn out
i have comfort in the fact that if this world ends i well be able to survive in the wilderness thats why i married a native american man you give this man fire and he well cook you a feast out of nothing  smile 
im becoming very parcel to the name river what do you think? thought about <propmale> but than i realized if he ever played sports jersey would say c.shell
guess what im going to have i wanna see whos right boy or girl?
a+ for <propfemale> everything is as it should be. she looks more human now. you can actualy she her chubby checks it was great!
ah yes finaly october my fav month and oklahoma sure knows how to bring it. if you get a <propmale> go out and play its a beautifull day!
i need to stop putting things off untill the last day. this just makes me tired thank god its thursday!
so get this my new address 444 s 4th and sages birthday 1\14\11 me and <propfirst> meet on 4th st i just thought this was a little odd.
is very tired.
"i'm listening to ""mr. tambourine man"" by the byrds http annoyed /bit.ly/h7ijal"
word of advise if you have only one eye dont play the ps3 all day unless you want a horrible headache. on the upside you level up faster.
hmmm...what to do?
i cant belive where my life has taken me i would of never guessed it.all i can say is that i am trully blessed!
is headed to her very first collage football game any <propfirst> kids wanna come out to play?
its a girl!
great seeing some of the old crew yesterday. was very disturbed by the movie pink flammingos only around smith would i see something like that. thanks <propmale>
thank you facebook for connecting me with my long lost family!
my baby shower invites were mailed out on monday i dont know why nobody has gotten theirs but here is a heads up if you wanna go id love to have you its @ jhonny carinos off 41 on saturday december 4 @ 1 smile 0 im registered @ target under <propfemale> shell or shells.
first maternity picture didnt realize how huge this baby was untill i saw a maternity picture.
find out next tuesday if its a boy or a girl!
"there is a reason why"" let it be"" is tattooed on my wrist and <propfemale> is behind my ear. sometimes i forget to breathe."
oh what a day. i dont think i could do this without <propfirst>...
"i'm listening to ""nervous"" by spring heeled <propfirst> usa.. oh how i love the sound  of a trumpet and sax! http annoyed /bit.ly/fasqok"
now im just a ticking time bomb.
i got my first pair of elastic waist pants today they are so sewy
all of my cosmo magazines have been replaced with parenting magazines is this a sign of growing up?
i need a house anyone know were to find one?
feels like there is a thunder storm inside her belly.
what a horrible night felt like i had a collapsed lung just a bad mattress. oh how i love my husband bad nights dont seem to matter when i wake up to breakfest in bed!
there used to be a fish named mr squiggels i rescued him from the horrors of fair life life was great for that little gold fish for a couple of days untill my husband forgot he was there in his little glass and flung him in to the great beyond never to be found again. r.i.p little wet friend you well always be rememberd as the only thing i have ever won. : (
yay my v-day is going to be baby free than i get to go see badfish the next day! gotta love those grandparents!
there is no way i could of done this naturaly
ugh. this baby is really taking its toll on me today i hope my 3 trimester is not gonna be like this the whole time. people protection is no laughing matter so use it! or you might end up in my situation.
pauls tribute made me cry. anyone else see this?
your never to old to have your head on your mommas shoulder with tears in your eyes. dont know what i do with out her. hope i can be as good as a mom.
<propfemale> <propfemale> shell will arrive january 8 2011 !
faire tomorow to bad i cant ride anything atleast i can eat!
slowly learning.
man it would be great to get this baby out of me.
my depression is getting to me today harder to control while being pregnant i hate panera bread but i am afraid the only thing to cure my blues is that <propmale> and cheese. dont really even feel like eating it just crying all over it.
i am smarter then i thought i was semester is coming to an end and i have an a average i have no idea how this happend.
growing up in oklahoma they never taught us what trully happen to the native americans.it wasnt untill i fell in love with my husband did i find out how horrible humans can be to other humans. it breaks my heart to think of what my husbands ancestors went through because of ignorant white people.
oh man im way to tired for school today.
life is amazing the 20 stapels and swollen feet are well worth the outcome i am so blessed to have such an amazing husband and beautiful baby girl.
me and <propfemale> are headed to class
this saints game is giving horrible anxiety attacke come on saints you can do it!
found the perfect house hope they take us cross your fingers everyone!
we are finally headed home from mom house now we are all on our own this is kinda scary but i know she is just a phone call away.
you can kiss our purple and gold asses alabama! way to go tigers!
my fate is decided by ou today would so much rather deal with a happy drunk native than a mad one last year he got so mad he fought the dog now he has a scare on his face forever.
i love it when ou wins it makes for the happiest husband hopefully lsu can do just as well to make a happy wife. lets go tigers!
im stoked about going to a school that actualy has ceilings and windows! word of advise dont go to wright it is not the right choice here i come ccc!
im upset today if my grandmother can make a 10 hour trip to be here for my shower you would think other grandmothers would find it just as important oh well at least i get to see my meme.
yay for best friends! mine hand made 30 baby shower invitations oh how i love that ra ra of mine!
ah yes one of the great  things about october classic horror flicks on late night t.v!
who is your super hero? im a batman fan cause he is a reall man.
this being sick thing is really starting to piss me off i thought morning sickness was over by the first tri?
having a gigantic tank/van is great for this blizzard of 2011!
thank you everyone on the wonderfull comments on baby <propfemale>! if you want to come see her give me a call.
its amazing how my husband can play cod while rocking his daughter to sleep..
"i'm listening to ""superman"" by goldfinger http annoyed /bit.ly/hlvjrq"
<propfemale> maries due date is getting closer and closer every day! every day i wake up wondering he this well be the day. i hope she stays till after christmass. one day a year for presents sounds like no fun.
has anyone read bradbury's martian chronicles? its my first scifi and i might have to put it down cause it is really starting to freak me out.
way to go tigers! any of my family thats coming from the south to t-town could you please bring me some lsu gear its really hard to find here in ou ville
i have to figure out something to do about these panic attackes
so my meme says this baby is gonna come earlier than i think this scares me.
anyone got any good ideas on a pregnant lady costumes?
anyone have any good ideas on where i can get a room in this town for a baby shower?
sittingin my new house with my new laptop waiting to hear about m cousin who should be having a baby today! life is beautifull.
my due date is getting closer and closer it terrifies me how everything is going to change.
not ready for jolly christmass crap can you at least wait untill december?
ugh. . . when <propfemale> has a bad day so do i and its one of those days.
"today was the day i was supposed to go to my last obg opp and get the ok  on ""mommy and daddy alone time"" but it was canceld due to weather and if you know me a month is way to long this is a record in my books ):"
i need a rent house not in the north side any one know where to find one?
i love video game marathons with my husband we are the best zombie killing duo going on 13 hours now
feels like shite but it doesnt seem to matter when i have this amazing guy taking care of me.
ugh. i wish my only vehicle was not this ancient tank maybe i could of found a house already but i dont have 30$ to spare.
some body please give me something to do. the days go by slow when all you have to do is wait.
its very entertaining to see your stomach morph into odd shapes yet it feels totally weird i dont know how someone wouldn't know they were 8 months pregnant.
going to school really says off in more ways than one thanks refund for the soon to be new mattress and house he i can find one.
i love this weather.
ah. yes gluecos test what fun.
would feel much better if <propfirst> could <propfemale> his baby just for today. determined to not go anywhere but my bed and bathroom today.
headed to the hospital i dont think i have ever been this nervous in my life.
anyone see tree house of terrors it was brilliant!
<propfemale> still has not dropped i dont think were having a new years baby she more than likely will be late.
wish my <propfemale> wouldn`t have to be growing up so fast somethings a 5 year old should not have to worry about her strength is amazing.
all i have to do now is play video games playing so much im killing super mutants in my sleep anyone know some good games for the ps3?
dear <propfemale> all i want for christmass and the new year is a healthy baby.
wondering what its gonna be like to live with my brother?
enrolling for next semester eh i hate this school
never wear rope sandals in the rain  sad 
"send prayers out to my cousin who unfortunatly lost her baby girl on sunday. this is a very sad loss to our family. i could not sleep after hearing the news, all i could think about was my little girl sleeping in the next room and litte rhyleigh sleeping in heaven."
this baby never sits still when it rains some day we will be dancing in it together!
thank you everyone who made it to the shower i had alot of fun and thank you for the gifts!
went to the hospital @2am didnt get out untill 12pm the next day due to really bad stomache viruse 3 bags of iv doing better now glad to be in my own bed saint <propfirst> has great nurses.
if my husband ask me one more time to play zombies off of black opps i am going to burn the game i think 4 hours of the same thing is enough!
"i'm listening to ""b-flat (oh b-flat, i ain't gonna play my c no more)"" by zydeco force http annoyed /bit.ly/djgs7l"
there is nothing sexy about being pregnant or atleast i dont feel sexy  sad 
i have decided that my next tat will be <propfemale> written in ojibwa
i was so worried <propfemale> was going to come on christmas. now i want her to come out. how cool would it be to have your birthday on the new year! thats what we are working on now keep your fingers crossed.
every time i dream now i dream of giving birth i think i may be nervous its hard waking up every day wondering if this is the day now i cant sleep to much to think about.
never thought i would say this but i am ready to have this baby.
the other night i was woken up by 5 fire trucks in front of my house due to the homeless making fires in the abandon house 2 houses down(this actualy made the news) now  its the police helicopter making low circles shining its spot light around my block really i didnt think we were that north side? glad to be moving in two weeks!
its been a rough day. tomorow is a new day and im excited to see old friends and long lost family.
blizzards rock! time to stay indoors ladies and gentelmen.
so stoked about finally getting to eat shushi its been like 9 months any one know the best shushi joint?
today i had more than three people tell me i look like im having twins. how are you supposed to take this. should i be offended or take this as a good thing that i have a healthy baby? also bought my husband his own home brew <propfemale> today for christmas hope this doesnt come back to bite me on the ass. if you know my husband you know he knows his beers.
did i already mention that i am not a fan of the waiting game i feel like this week has been the longest week of my life i am starting to get very impatient  sad 
"i'm listening to ""roots radicals"" by rancid http annoyed /bit.ly/fpqhrp"
tomorow is my last day of it being about me from friday to the rest of my life it will all be about her im very nervous. but i am ready
did you eat your beans and cabbage today?
this baby is a procrastenator like her mom she is going to wait untill the last minute she still has not dropped i hope this doesnt mean she is to big. hopefully she will be here in the next couple of days.
i hope everyone had a <propfemale> christmas. im going to sleep in my new bed now.
just got the keys to my new house life trully is falling into place all i have ever wanted is a family and a house now time to get my career on the move.
"i'm listening to ""smoke two joints"" by sublime http annoyed /bit.ly/fv68zj"
"2010 has been the most memorable year of my life. lost my mind got married,pregnant, started school, and grew up. 2011 is the start of a whole new life as a mother and a wife. happy new year!"
"i'm listening to ""rudi, a message to you"" by the specials http annoyed /bit.ly/h9bvgh"
"i'm listening to ""b-flat (oh b-flat, i ain't gonna play my c no more)"" by zydeco force http annoyed /bit.ly/djgs7l"
my babys first album the white album by the beatels.
"let's see who is paying attention. every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision. i want you there. i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family. lets see who actually pays attention. copy this as your status just for a minute. i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family, friends and brothers and sisters"
you never realize how may things you can do with one hand untill you are a mom.
were movin on up! we move into our new house this weekend its kinda nice that on dr orders i am not allowed to lift anything but my baby  laugh 
woo! go me i am 10 pounds away from my original weight. that is 25 lost in one week.
"i'm listening to ""mansion song"" by <propfemale> nash http annoyed /bit.ly/et7j laugh "
my first night of baby freedom was pretty awesome a little to much <propfirst> was consumed but the live rythem of sublime made everything better even though no one can replace <propmale> it was great to feel like my old self agian. but i did learn a valuable lesson having a hangover with an infant and a ton of stuff to do does not make the day go by any faster.
any one with ps3 logins give em to me <propfirst> needs more cod players.
yea! for cameras i wish i owend one  sad 
lame at least my husbands chicken always turns my frown upside down.
i woke up this morning really not wanting to be a mom all i wanted to do was go back to bed than things just got harder. but when i saw my daughter smile at me for the first time i broke into tears and everything changed it was a beautiful moment. of all the days this was the day i needed a smile the most and she has been smiling at everyone else but me untill today!
guess who is back in school!!!! enrolled in ccc online courses start 3/28 only 9 more months to being a certified insurance coder.i am so stoked all my credits transferd now i only have 2 more semesters.
"dr. <propfirst> should make a new season of celebrity rehab including <propfirst> lohan, and <propfirst> downing jr i think it would be very popular!"
can't wait for my rara weekend!
how are you supposed to care for an infant while vomiting? i am not even trying off to me-me's this momma is seriously sick ) :
it is amazing what sleep can do to an exuasted body. i feel like a brand new person...
i need some good rpg pc games anyone know any?
my computer has been infected with spy ware anyone know how to cure it? sad 
yay! virus free thanks for the advise everyone! new pictures for your enjoyment also!
<propfemale> is very inerested in river dance she wont stop staring at the t.v. when i picked her up she would not stop crying untill she could see the t.v. wierd huh?she has never done this before  smile 
"there comes a point in your life when ""fun"" no longer means bar hopping, clubbing or being out til 4am . it means board games, movies, going out for family dinners, bedtime stories, and sleeping in means 8 am. becoming a parent doesn't change you, instead, it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time! re-post if you are proud to be a parent  smile "
yay for riot radio!!! nsu 91.3 listen to it now!!!my kid loves it..
know what happens when you listen to riot radio?you win tickets to see streetlight manifesto! go me! i taking my spaz with me its gonna be bad ass i cant wait!
my computer has a mind of its own i swear. it took me forever to figure out how to get my mouse to work it wouldnt budge some how it got switch to a mouse device not my touch pad what the hell?
damn! when you only get two or three hours of sleep at a time you have very vivid dreams and mine have not been so great here is a example i was smashing someone i know face on the curb and i dont dislike this person in my other dream my husband shot me? ugh.. now i cant sleep...
i gotta figure out how to get spazz outta jail!
beauty contest today ha i got <propfirst> to wear pink! wish us luck we could realy use the cash....
so i always hated those mom's who took millions of pictures of their kids. now i am one of them. i cant help it she is just so damn cute! i dont think the year and a half of working @ a portriate studio helped my cause any. sorry
i am so sick of people not following thru seriously like 5 people have ditched me in the last 3 weeks i dont have time for this. if you don't wan't to do something just say it dont bs me. it is getting very aggrevating...
first time makeing beans and rice hope it goes well...
"just watched a very bias documentary called pregnant in <propfemale>. pretty much just ragged on hospitals,epiderals, and c-sections the whole time.i belive in the whole natural thing but i dont think my baby would be here if it wasn't for my c-section. documentaries should never be bias i am watching you to learn actual facts your opionion is important but dont down the other side just becuase you think it is wrong."
happy mardi gras!!
wish i was in l.a right now the rain always makes me think of my momma's home town ) : o well i guess oklahoma's wanna be mardi gras party will have to do i am gonna try to find a <propmale> cake today <propfirst> has no idea what a <propmale> cake is haha..
i missed the parade ): but i am going to the bar with spazz face today. even though i wont be drinking. i am just gonna watch spazz get drunk someone has to take care of her. but i am making a shirt since oklahoma doesn't sell any shirts that say kiss me i am cajun..
"its been a great day here is an example baby spit up in my eye, horrible cramps, and about three hours spent cleaning up my husbands mess from dinner last night..ah the life of a mom and a wife!"
ugh. my body is not taking kindly to this whole being period thing off to the e.r i go  sad 
if you could live a seperate life would you?
what a beautiful day i think the smoke cleared the air.
one good thing about living in a small city you never know when your friends well be rideing their bikes down your street!
why is it that i have to jump thru so many damn hope to see a doctor?
<propfemale> is 2 months today she is getting so big and slowly but surley getting quit the attitude!
wow it takes so much longer to get out of the door when your a mom.feel like i need one of those giant rolling suite cases.
i am a collage student again i start next week i cant wait to get my brain moving!
it is really awesome to hear a doctor say my two month old is extremely smart and strong for her age and that we are doing a good job! i am very proud of <propfemale> she is 13 pounds and 24 1/4 inches and ranked above average on all of her test!!!
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping,whom we've carried but never met, who we have held but couldn't take home, and those who came home but couldn't stay. make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby. the majority won't do it because unlike cancer, this is still a taboo subject! break the silence. in memory of our angels that were too perfect for earth!!!.."
ahh... gogol always brightens my day!
"i'm listening to ""<propfemale>"" by gogol bordello http annoyed /bit.ly/f6odk4"
"i'm listening to ""53rd and 3rd"" by the ramones http annoyed /bit.ly/i5ytrn"
ugh i am sick of having dreams about the wrong people...
hit me up tomorow i'll be baby free...
starting to feel like i need some mood stableizers. .i always seem to go a little crazy when the weather gets warm.
im so tired yet i can not sleep i wish my <propfirst> would stop..
i love this town but i hate it ...i have a feeling its going to be another one of those summers i miss my spazz )':
so i got a summones to jury dutie today how am i going to do such a thing with a 2 month old?
wish someone would come over and clean my house i am just not up for it...
its been an odd day?
"it is not about what you have, yet it is about who you are....ks"
this online schooling is pretty groovy e playful ecialy for those who are kinna lazy like me...
so i have changed only two diapers today! sometimes my husband can be so amazing!
just my luck my power cord goes out my very first week of online school ah what do i do?
gotta love seasame street <propfemale> goes nuts over <propmale> its way to cute!
"baby <propfemale> got her shots today first time to have my babies blood on my hands ),:"
man my kid is so cool sleeping from 11 surprise 0pm to 9 smile 0 am at 2 1/2 months it was very nice e playful ecialy on this rainy cold day.what can i say she is like her momma and loves to sleep! i am so lucky cause i am one cranky momma when i dont get my beauty rest..
guess who pregnant agian! me
finaly i get to take a nap!!!! oh bed here i come thats if <propfemale> lets me sleep longer than 30 minutes oh well anything helps i suppose ah the life of a mom...
"i'm listening to ""quit my day job"" by the local skank http annoyed /bit.ly/hsofio"
"i'm listening to ""toxic toast"" by the mighty mighty bosstones http annoyed /bit.ly/dzydin"
"i'm listening to ""out of control"" by rancid http annoyed /bit.ly/ecthmk"
"i'm listening to ""the hunger"" by the distillers http annoyed /bit.ly/hx2bkb"
"i'm listening to ""the way i am"" by <propfemale> michaelson. this is my song to my hubby ugh i love it so much.... http annoyed /bit.ly/ekeevf"
just started school this week and it is already kicking my ass why do i procrastinate so???
so my husband drunken cooking e playful erince was a cinnamon apple and pear steak it was weird but still tender. fuit and beef not such a good idea...
i am very proud of my self i totally thought i boomed my first week of school but i guess everyone else did i had the highest grade overall in my class woot woot go me!!!!
about to eat some real boudin from the south since they don't seem to know what it is here in okie town yuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmy!
so im getting my hair done tomorow anyone have any ideas whatever it is there will be purple?
excited about azaelia pow-wow just worried i may catch some dirty looks..
wheres the rain?
any body doing anything this week? i need to have some fun!
ah this kid has been sitting in front of me for like 30 with snot dripping everywhere really how hard is it to wipe your kids snotty dirty face?
"i'm listening to ""s.o.s."" by the suicide machines<<< i frakin love this song! http annoyed /bit.ly/fbavrg"
so really i am really bad at this procrastinaiton thing i sent my assingment in 5 minutes before it was due @ 11:53 then realized my program was off by an hour so when it was due on the 12 it says it was sent in by  12:53 the 13 crap!!! i guess thats what i get ) : i hope my teacher understands...
oh man insurance why do you have to be so damn complicated....
so i had a horrible dream and i could not go back to sleep and stumbleupon made everything better you need to check it out i think now i am safe to sleep!
i am attepting to make my hair purple time for a chhange its hard to do when you have only half your vision .....
the color for my hair that i bought was blue so now i am blonde untill i can get more money and <propfemale> is offically 3 months today
is riden out the strom i new it wasn't gonna pass the river..
it is amazing what a night of good friends and food can do for a new mom i dont feel like such a mommy robot any more i had way to much fun ah to all my friends i love you thanks!
stop loging on as my mom we know who you are and it is just childish...
"so what do two new parents due when they have the night off from baby? ""salute!"""
i have been up to my ears in insurance all day anybody want to e playful lain the parts of medicaid and medicare to me??? ah !!!!!!!! i am lost in an endless pit of information...
all i can say today is that i am a very lucky girl i love my man...
blah finals for my first class due friday... i well be glad when i dont have to learn about insurance anymore.
no body tells us when we are little girls carring our babydolls that its not always fun being a mommy. those people who have children to create a fairytale family  then when they do have kids  they dump them off @ grandparents house so they dont have to deal with them shouldn't have children if you have a child that is your responasability not your parents they already raised thier children come on people own up!
happy holiddaze!!!!
"i'm listening to ""open my eyes"" by soldiers of jah army listen now!!!! http annoyed /bit.ly/gigtri"
"i'm listening to ""santeria"" by sublime http annoyed /bit.ly/eml7t9"
going out with spazz anything going on?
"my husband asked me what i wanted; replied i wanna touch my pregnant cousins belly, i wanna go to church with my me-me and see my uncle kents little girls, i wanna taste my uncle <propfirst> cookin, and get in a deep converstation with my amazing cousin <propfirst>, it would be great to see <propmale> and <propfemale> too...i want my aunt <propfemale>  and everyone else to meet <propfemale>, and <propfirst> i want you so see the ocean.""he said "" lets do it"""
it a beautiful night open your window hear the frogs! uh i cant wait to see that bayou.....
i bought a dress to wear to church when i go with my me-me today!
its now offical family i will be seeing you in 18 days ...i think is going to be the best birthday i may have every had definatly better than last years camping trip from hell....didn't ever think i would actualy be excited about turning 24 seems like a weird age.
don't  worry friends a party must be thrown before i leave for all my best tuares's
once agian the odd reacurrence of 4 in my life on my 24 birthday <propfemale> will be exectaly 4 months old 5/14/2011 5+1+4+2+0+1+1= 14 on the 14 day of may i think its gonna be a good day.... remember my address 444 off of 4 street weird
all i can say is that today is a tragic day ....
"i just wanna say. one cool thing about being married is you get a whole new family and i want to thank the shells, the smiths and  the shananaquets for excepting me into their family and for showing me such love and kindness! i love my new family!"
sick baby and husband calls for late hours atleast there are no fevers!
i had way to much fun last night...i dont know if i wanna ride on a motorcycle while drunk agian...
had a great night but a horrible day...
just got the tags for my mercury that has been out of service for a 1 1/2 years tomorow it gets a new tire now i will no longer be stuck at home all day and louisiana here we come! yep sorry guys the shaggin wagon will be parked.
"to all my fb friends, in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to one of your mother and keep it there till may 9. i did and so have several others. if you will, and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb."
yay i am about to go clean out my car and take it for a test drive it has been outta service forever thanks dad!
is any one going to spazz's graduation i dont really want to go alone...
i dunno what i would do without my friends i love you guys you know who you are!
all i wanted was to wake up to a clean house my first mothers day ever and nothing...i feel very unappreciated...i  hope every one else is having a better mothers day than me
i will be seeing the fam in approximently 4 days can't wait to be sitting on that swing with my cup of coffee its been to long...
any body wanna go thrift store shopping with me tomorow?
so what kinna things do you need to pack for a 3month old besides the obviouse like food and diapers?
should i do homework or pack? i would rather pack...
my husbands corner of the suite case is so sad compared to mine...
louisiana here we come!
i've landed in <propfirst>... <propfirst> texas that is.
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes i have had one of the best birthdays in my life thanks to my wonderfull family!
back in t-town our trip was awesome i have gifts for the homies hit me up guys!
i have decided to leave the sand from the gulf in my shoes so that every time i put them on i can feel the sand beneath my feet.
woke up to a baby covered in a rash took her to the dr she has <propfemale> fever damn the white man.
staying up late with sick baby watching old gostbusters cartoons makes me realize why all us kids from the 80's are screwed in the head man these toons are kinna creepy if you really think about it.
anyone have any ideas on how to soothe a babies sore throat due to strep? i cant get her to sleep...
my baby has been asleep for 10 hours now i thought she wasn't alive at first! thank god she is finaly getting some rest.
anyone see fox new tonight about what you will need when zombies take over it was awesome!
well someone please just tell me to relaxe...
seriously i have the greatest husband  i am so glade he understands i need my friend time
was my dads birthday yesterday! it was hard to sneak pass him to pay for dinner he is such a great dad and paw-paw i love him!
"i'm listening to ""psychobilly freakout"" by reverend horton heat http annoyed /bit.ly/jxcoxv"
so it just hit me that they may be no more <propfemale>'s for awhile : (
anyone going to back yard bash?
back woods bash anybody?
i feel my deppresion slippin in agian ugh...
man e codes are great here is one! human bite e928.3 or  bean in nose  e912 haha the only fun a coder can have!
i may be losen it i dont know if i can handel this
"backwoods bash was a blast even though my husband got very mad at me for aparently being to nice to strangers? i told him its just the way i was raised he still doesn't get it. oh yea and baby gave me strep throat yea im on quarintine now and cant talk, eat or drink! i will have new pics of <propfemale>'s first camp trip up soon!"
not ok...
i learned a very valuable lesson this week. never go camping without your man i mean go girl power and everything but man its so much easier no one can build a fire like my man can!
my phone is out untill tomorow if you need to get ahold of us we should be home..
is it friday yet?
do you guys remember chat rooms? they used to be so cool...
304.3 may be a problem?
305.2 does not exist in my world.
i have determind that my proper code would be that of 301.83
planing a trip to eureaka springs for me and randos 1 years anniversery totally forgot we got married on fatherday. but i gotta give thanks to my rara for being a great godmother and making this happen for us!
"so come on mail man dont you see the red flag? if so why would you put my mail in an obviously fake mail box, thats right next to an obviously real mailbox that has its flag up wtf. am i going to have to move the fake mailbox so you don't get confused anymore?"
"yesterday was a day covered in pooh""literally"" hopefully today wont be as bad ugh i need to get out of this house."
anyone know of any cheap cabins in eureaka springs ar. ?
oh man i am so stoked about this weekend! thanks auntie m for making it a million times better! hopefully it will be one hell of a trip ( :
"f you, diabetes, i wish i could beat you with a garden hose! i am asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour. i'm pretty sure i know the ones that will. think of someone you know or love who has or has had diabetes. my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it for 1 hour to honor those who have fought or are fighting diabetes? hope to see it in your status!"
my dogs took one step outside and came right back in e playful  the husky he is now on the a/c vent i hate the heat bleh...
wo momma flash back from the past??? wtf really germany no way
yay rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
here is to being up all night not by choice. its going to be a long day....
ugh... i hate having dreams of those friends who are no longer in town it just makes me miss them more ):
"i may just be losing my mind agian ugh i hate it when this happens. i am tired of feeling like a prisioner in my own home ), :"
i thought things were supposed to get easier when you settled down! it just seems to be getting more and more complicated? or maybe its just me... ugh i don't know anymore.
so how do i keep my dog from eating lit fire works?
not a fan of the fourth but i can say i had a great day with the fam so much fun watching all the little shell boys run around <propfemale> is going to have so many boys to play with!
some one help these codes are killing me!!!!
guess who gets a new eyeball tomorrow! that would be me! it been so long i know its going to make me feel so much better about my self!
oh what a defficult week! any one got any tips for a teething baby?
anyone wanna go to the bar with me?
what can i say i am a <propmale> ramsey freak!
"anyone know what happen to <propmale>? he no longer has a facebook???? ) , :"
nobody wants to kick it seems i may just have to go out on my own ) :
whats my status? honestly i have no idea.....
oh how <propfemale> folk make me smile...gotta love those red heads!
four years ago today i met my husband on his 23 birthday. now its his <propfemale> day. he is 27 on the 27th and our lucky number is four! happy birthday to my wonderfull man <propfirst> <propfirst> shell oh how i love him!!
i miss my friends ) ' :
"i gotta keep the past from bringin me down just gotta ""let it be"""
dont need to be <propmale> <propfirst>.. how many ways to leave your lover??
its so hot that the pressure in my tire increased and my tire warped? wtf
"say you were a serial killer. here are the rules:go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side1st person that turns you in: <propfemale> mize2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone: <propfirst> harmon3rd person is your partner in crime: spaz smartass hudson4th person is your first victim: <propfemale> <propfemale> koelle5th person tries (may succeed) to kill you: jasamine grim"
couldn't pay the phone <propmale> so if you need me i only have text... on another note i feel as though my heart has left the building....
its nice to finally have a reason to watch seasame street. still makes me smile even after 24 years.
just made a 90% on the never ending final blah im glad thats over with
i was raised on watchin rodeos my momma and papas past time when they were my age was rodeos...so you guessed it going to see the the pbr show tomorow with the rents! cowboys here i come  smile  ye haw!! haha..
sleepin by your self at night it makes you feel alone....
my little blue sheep wont leave me alone. . . please get outta my head. or come back!
yaya! for me i have the camera so folks be excpecting more baby pics today!
thank god my husband is home now i can finally get a nap
i'v got my fingers crossed they better fix this suppossed new eye i'm tired of lookin like one of those baby dolls whos eyes open and close yet one of them is broken and kinnna off...um yeah the point of an artifical eye is to make it look real duh! another long day @ the occularist tomorow atleast my moms coming with me to fight some battles gotta love her.
fo' real me and my husband have totally diffrent taste in music...i had to stand my gound for my crusties... i don't care if they are dirty they are still good people damnit! + i dont care what anyone thinks i like dirty ( :
wellness check for baby <propfemale> today i wonder if they are gonna tell me i birthed a giant?
"baby <propfemale>; 7 months    19 1\2 pounds       26 1\2"" its nice to hear your doing a good job when you have no idea what you are doing smile "
migrane  sad  makes crying baby so much louder. . .
where is my mind?
yes ladies and gentlemen i have my very first dreed... smile 
this seperation anxiety stage is no fun at all ) : any tips...
i have a feeling that september is going to be interesting...
dear dream state. please stop teasing me with things i can not have. it makes my day so much harder with you one the brain you damn little blue sheep why must you taunt me so?
its crazy how much you trully appreciate things once they are gone ) : i miss my friends...
looking forward to next weekend! going to visit old friends then off to the show. gotta find a place to stay im thinkin spazz maybe? if not just me and the <propfirst> like good ole times. . . man i desperatly need a break before i pull out all of my hair!
"you're in a mental hospital , use the first six people on your list on your profile. don't cheat!1. person who drove you crazy: my self2. person who signed you in: jerad <propmale>3. your doctor: <propfemale> jasamine grim4. person in the corner drooling on themselves: mounir boucid5. your room mate: spaz smartass hudson6. person who helps break you out: <propfirst> harmon and  spaz"
yay!! my day started out amazing and it has trully been a f***awesome day so far dj craze here we come and i get to see my sisster in law always a plus!!
every time i hear that steel train i just have to sit back and wonder why?
i dunno about you but my weekend was full of drama really i am to old for this...hopefully this weekend will makeup for it
"how ironic is it that when i want to go outta town my car breaks down? oh well i have missed my <propfirst>! soon, very soon my dear <propfirst> it will be just like good ole' times  smile "
the anticipation is killing me...
don't burn bridges. you'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river.
i have never seen a baby laugh @ death metal and tap her foot to folk music until my child was born! kids are crazy  smile 
this is sh*** all of it. im steamin my phone was stolen this weekend didn't get to see my spaz smartass hudson. now i am getting ignored by the ones i love ugh i feel like crying...any one have an old cricket phone they dont need any more or maybe does anyone have some kind of happiness to throw my way i could use it right about now ):
fml<<<<just figured out what this means and frankley its very suitable for my current situation...
metaphoricaly speaking.....it breaks my heart to say...that this little blue sheep must be put away for you mean to much to me it hurts. good bye my friend in the corners of my mind you will always sleep....to my loyal friends i feel its time to disapper agian i love you and well see you agian someday...
i suppose i should just stop dreaming.....
so he bought a hooker huh??? who to believe ...who to believe...
3 more months of school!!!! then i can get an actual job..yet this is only the beginging of my education...opthamologist i will be some day...
this is my last final for coding ugh wish me luck ...cuase i need it
anyone know where i can get a cheap or maybe free phone?????? having a kid with no phone or vehicel is no good....):
i need phone <propfirst>!!!!!
yo i still need digits
i take it back the worse news that i have heard today is that people my age are dying left and right this is tragic...
i just wan't to let everyone know i am doing fine...please if you are concernd about me contact me privatly. there is no need to make others worry.
it doesn't matter what type of clothes you wear or how much money you make or how you were brought up with it only matters what kind of heart you hold. my friend may not care about clothing or showers but at least i know they care about the well being of others. to me this is all that matters....i will always stick up for my friends no matter what.
"come to zink park lets eat some chilli and make some music!"
epic night...i need some sleep...
r.i.p <propmale> another young soul gone to the other side
idea for halloween!!!! <propfemale> is a monkey...randy is tarzan..and i am jane!what do you think?
my baby girl has her first tooth! how i found out...i went to get something out of her mouth and she almost bit my finger off..she is so big i can't belive she is almost a year old. any ideas for a first birthday party?
just curiouse what is your #1 tip for having a happy long lasting marriage?
"i think i broke my toe ),: being blind in one eye is not fun sometimes..."
cityville drives me crazy i cant do it any more i dont have enough patients sorry guys...
