168
10770bffe400bd20e4a690242c624e9d
21
-
wants to float her house to paradise falls now 
really really hopes she gets the exact same schedule she planned out 
ohhhh noesssss!  i have to go back to school on sunday   this is so depressing  we never seem to be able to catch each other   sad    how's life?  miss you lots 
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"realized her class is 9 weeks long, not 8   deatttthhhhhhhhhh"
wonders why there's a comment option for wall posts 
awesome night!
loves the summertime 
they definitely make time pass faster
"how i met your mother at haines!!!!!  darn you <propfemale>, and your picture!!!"
is sad about school on monday
"is packing for her ""eminent"" return to the bubble "
feels the weight of all her childhood dreams being crushed by reality 
why isnt it <propfemale> in california? it's summer!
hates how the status is right about the wall   so stupid 
another theme park!!!!!!!
is starting to feel too old for roller coasters   90mph in 2 seconds is just too damn fast 
thinks conan o brien is a weeeeee bit scary looking
dodgers dodgers dodgers  smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> was in mib2?  what?!
<propfirst> boitano has his own food network show?!
wonders if there's anything more to life 
is having a miss my long hair moment 
all this bad air quality is making me really sad   damn fires!  stop burning down all our forests!
loves taking benadryl when she can't sleep 
damn fires!  stay away from mt <propmale>!
"is no longer excited about going back to school, and wants to stay home an extra week "
lucky charms: magic in every bite!!!
??????????
is so sad that she's gone now that every one is done with exams 
is tired and sleepy but cannot seem to fall asleep   wtfuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
went hiking 3 <propmale>    and then had a croissant   lol 
"i disagree with you, weather "
no pain no gain!
i wanna be a mighty morphin' power ranger!
just started the quarter and is ready for winter break
hates the new non-grid ucla agenda   where's my time grid?!!
okay    90 mph in 2 seconds is still pretty awesome 
wishes there was a way to sound proof the windows 
hates how there seems to be fire in the nearby mountains every year now   sooooo hot 
wants to catch all those stupid chirping crickets and burn them alive 
"had a ""moment of sudden revelation or insight """
on-campus housing regulation:  b 11 pets students may not bring or maintain pets in residence halls suites except fish in small tanks not to exceed ten gallons  roommates suitemates must agree to have a fish tank  there cannot be more than one fish tank per bedroom and tanks may not be kept in bathrooms 
ugh    only one more week    nooooooooo 
"every time i've said ""this day can't get any worse   "" dun dun dun!"
i hate my life(!)
apparently it isnt just allergies   damn you common cold 
wants to not have 8 surprise 0 classes
"has had her <propmale> for a year, and didn't know until today that it came with a chess app  wow "
has faith    in her team!!! come on!!
"row, row, row your boatgently down the stream if you see a crocodile,don't forget to scream "
"will look on the bright side   ""wait 'til next year """
stupid school at 9 o clock and being responsible  this makes me so sad 
2 wins in one day?! one of the best days ever!!!
totally did the right thing today   *gives self a <propfirst> on the back
"spends a little bit of everyday wondering ""gee, wtf am i doing with my life?"""
is there a type of dyslexia but for <propfirst> only?
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
f m l!!!!!!!!
"no message could've been any clearer, ""if you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself then make a change """
oh nooooooooooooooooooo
so sad right now    just so so so so so so so sad 
brrrrrr      
is an underachiever!(?)
has decided that she no longer cares!
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast 
"i was angry with my friend; i told my wrath, my wrath did end   wink "
can't wait until this blasted horrible month is over!
is looking at all her little brother's <propfemale> and wishing she was ten years old again 
"the woods are lovely, dark, and deep, but i have promises to keep, and <propmale> to go before i sleep, and <propmale> to go before i sleep "
is so glad caffeine exists 
does not want to go to <propmale> because it means finishing all homework tonight 
too much food   
8 o clock class?  fml   
loves her view of the school    laugh 
"it's that time of the year again, and i'm on facebook trying to evade the eminent doom called studying for midterms "
tireeeeeeeeeed
is finally going to get some sleep   yes!
finals and being sick - life is being so good to me 
is starting to think productivity comes in waves    very low frequency waves   
has no work ethic 
smarties are made in canada?!!!
wishes there was a button to poke all her friends with one click 
change of plans!! homeward tonight   smile 
"depending on what standing means, <propfemale> fears that she may just be gordone for "
headache   ! ouch 
we spend a third of our lives asleep    sad 
is already bored of being home and it hasn't been a week  sighs*
needs to learn how to sleep at night and not during the day 
"if my head wasn't attached to my body, i'm sure i'd lose that too "
productivity evades me 
goodbyes are not forever  goodbyes are not the end 
???????????
"""'til all my sleeves are stained red, from all the truth that i've said"""
why isn't the medicine workinggggggggggg??????!
"risk nothing, gain nothing"
"new year, new beginnings?     nahhhhhhh"
parrots are so fun    when they're not biting you   smile 
"curse you, cold weather!"
"another, if i would, i could not find,  and i am grown much older in a day "
is sure math will be the death of her 
that was an accident
blue
"he's <propfemale> the pooh, <propfemale> the pooh, <propmale> nilly silly old bear"
"this year, my resolution is not to get sick   fail "
the sky is crying   sad 
poncho and rain boots please!  i want to go play outside
"without rain, there would be no rainbow "
<propfirst> addleman and <propfemale> hartwick are amazing!
there aren't enough hours in a day
thinking ahead hurts my head
hates notification* spam
"do i use sarcasm at the wrong times?  ""yes"""
is really starting to regret the coffee   
"is officially burnt out - paper, please write yourself for me?"
stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining! stop raining!
"how does the cow jump over the <propfemale>, and why does the dish run away with the spoon?"
happy new year!   smile 
is livin' la <propfemale> loca!!!!
redbull gives you wings!
hates life!!!!!!
nothing to stress about today   what a funny feeling 
is going to regret procrastinating sooooo much tomorrow
has a serious addiction to caffeine 
is so excited for <propfemale> in wonderland!
time needs to stop fleeting 
congratulations <propfemale> for managing to get nothing done today!
belief is a beautiful armor  but makes for the heaviest sword
darn germany and canada with all those golds   
school makes me die a little everyday   
been up for only 19 hours    soooooo tired   is this normal?
"so many decisions to make, so little time   "
nessun dorma!!!
"needs another pair of girls to get an apartment with next year   if you have anybody in mind, call me!"
dead week    feeling kind of tired
one would think after so many all-nighters one would learn their lesson and start early   
note to self: don't forget to schedule time to sleep
"sleep, let's strike a deal   i'll sleep twice as much as i owe you    if you let me stay up for the next 5 days "
32 hours studysprint to the finish!
anyone looking for apartment roommates?
boom   my gpa just imploded on itself 
these facebook apps need to all be removed 
1) you would think they would plan a 2-day weekend event for drake stadium any other weekend other than finals 2) you'd think that they'd put off construction for any week other than finals week
noise cancellation + music =  love 
"for the first time in my life, i am glad i showed up unprepared for a test   albeit it wasn't for a grade anyway"
"life, can you stop destroying my life!"
i like it on the coffee table 
this summer is going to be amazing!!!!
i need roommates 
chowing down on food you made yourself is not the same   
whoa 
is going back into the black hole 
sitting in a very well lit room on campus wondering if the lightbulbs are cfls    probably not
is at the night powell with <propfemale> menia!  study     party   
spring quarter?  laughs hysterically*
last one tomorrow   any motivational speeches for the burnt out?
@ powell with <propfemale>!!!
spring break is almost over    whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?????!!!!!
i dont wanna grow old   
"great day, yesterday    laugh "
alllll nighteeeeeeerrrrrrrr
sometimes things fall apart    right?
this time in 48 hours   
still having 3 left is kind of ridiculous   
17 days    the countdown begins!
so the birds know how to bark now     i'm not sure if i'm okay with this   
it's starting to look a lot like summer!   laugh 
"killing baby seals for their fur, hunting polar bears, whaling, polluting    as a species, we're just bad news "
cap’n crunch’s full name is captain horatio magellan crunch   isn't that cool?
is anyone free at 4 surprise 0 tomorrow?  i need a favor!
wants to go to the zoo and visit see the tree kangaroos 
"working on a class schedule is like playing jigsaw with your life  fit together, damnit!"
<propfemale> underwood puts on one hell of a concert!
higher education is taking my sanity 
"""i had a nightmare about split ends ""  ""you need to get your priorities straight """
life satisfaction: 15%
     my life 
knowing that i probably wont start being productive until midnight means knowing i'm going to seriously be paying for this at 3 in the morning   
"pixar, do you realize how far away june 18th is?"
i managed to get nothing done today!
i just got slapped by life 
had a blast with <propfemale> liu at the bowl and kind of wants to go off and look for snow leopards in pakistan now   
who else is feeling burnt out?
whoops 
if there were a way to simultaneously add more time to the day while not aging in the process   
good for nothing printer wont scan!
hm    a fan    where do i put it?
"why    caffeine, it's so nice to make your acquaintance "
mismanaged her time   ahhhhhhhh
by my desk
tuesdays kill me a little every week 
? i wanna be a billionaire ? so freakin' bad ?  too catchy
who's still in westwood?
"row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream   "
just watched toy story 2 again with brieanne painter!  can't wait for toy story 3!!!!!!!
why are people already starting school?
@1215 walked out of the wooden center to the sight of a half-naked crowd chanting wooden    love 
late nights and early mornings are the hardest to get through   
does anyone else always feel like they're running out of time? crashing into deadlines?
"i forget that normal people sleep at reasonable hours   oh, college  love "
"i saw somebody today and was like    wow, she's really short, and then i looked at our reflections on the glass door    we were the same height "
i'm already back to procrastinating   why do i never learn?
torrential flood on veteran   picture time!
"every time i read about the environment, i get really really sad "
26 hours until freedom!
"unwilling to return to school   week 1, again?"
"i must've done something terrible, because <propfemale>'s a bitch"
time moves too fast  where did the last 7300 days go?
"oh, bp, i can't wait until you become a verb for ""severely f***ed up, and blamed 'that' guy"""
wow   famous people do go in threes 
pumpkin cheesecake takes 4 25 hours   who knew?  apparently <propfemale> <propmale> did   thanks for making me do all the work   wink 
"next 24 hrs: quiz, 3 hw assignments, and final ---what doesn't kill you makes you stronger!!!"
having a great time wall-spamming with shireen malek and <propfirst> casillas!
spends more time at powell she spends sleeping at night   
i hate how they always choose to have campus events right before finals 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
"oh, common cold, how long has it been?  13 months?  welcome back "
"""stop being a little bitch and just do it"" said <propfemale> menia    best motto ever  love "
a huge thanks to <propfirst> lam and <propmale> for taking the futon down 5 flights of sproul stairs!  you guys are awesome!  smile 
conclusion: facebook is a voluntary invasion of privacy 
time is not my friend 
9 o clock bedtime sounds really good right now 
it's just one of those days when nothing gets done   
?????
and my 14 hour day continues   
how might i be able to nab a raccoon dog?  hm   
there's nothing good about getting your finger bitten by a parrot   
got my index finger chomped on by a parrot   one thing to be thankful for: it's still numb
back!
"??, you're my hero!"
what is up with frogs and purple nation?  crush 'em!
"do normal people think before they speak, speak before they think, or speak while they're thinking?"
won monopoly tonight!  nothing feels sweeter than owning the whole block   muahahaha   
"these covel study room walls are paper thin   dear girls next door, i don't care what ""he"" texted you nor do i care how you interpreted it   your ""who made out with whos"" and what's ""so a thing"" are distracting me "
thus far    last summer > this summer
"approximately 400,000 people live in brunei darussalam, and i didn't even know of it's existence until today   fail "
cat chased squirrel  cat perhaps caught squirrel   squirrel was perhaps eaten by cat   cat & squirrel are not friends 
guess who's done!  muahahaha   
always running out of time   always 
if the mind is a muscle   and studying is like running   would brains sprint study and take a lot of breaks or marathon study and take no breaks   
finally watched inception!  kind of want to watch it again   
hakuna matata means no worries!
i keep thinking an earthquake is happening   there is no way that is normal 
i kind of want a lots-o-huggin bear    mmm smells like strawberries!
"thank you, <propfemale> crocker and <propmale> hines for saving me from sifting flour, you have no idea how much i've grown to appreciate this "
"now i know why <propmale> hanks in castaway became friends with <propmale>, the volleyball "
loves summer!
"weekend, why arent you here yet?"
at powell (hardly studying) with <propfirst> tamashiro!
feels a little giddy every time she presses the hide button on people with really annoying status updates every 5 minutes 
"whooooo, thunderstorms on tuesday   exciting!"
the average person laughs 13 times a day   what?!
i dont know how my family enjoys ufc   
"what is up with this weather, westwood?"
??????? ??????
they better not include the epilogue in the last <propmale> potter movie   that'd just be as lame    as the actual epilogue 
is having a great time with her language partner <propfirst> shing <propfemale>!
????????????
????????txt??? grrrr
"good work ethic, why do you evade me so?"
"dear musical singing neighbors, tune it down "
being locked out takes such a different meaning when you no longer live on the hill
"in times of great academic peril, i always ask myself, ""whyyyyyyyyyyyy?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""  but i never get an answer "
3rd year?  where did all the time go?  i want it back!
??????????????????????????????????? ??????
it's kinda cold outside 
is finally actually on summer break!  feels odd   
"facebook tells me to ""reach out"" and ""say hi ""  by writing on your wall "
why do textbooks describe graphs on one <propfemale> but put the actual graph on the next <propfemale> where you cant see it while reading the text?
week zero preparing to destroy my summer 
"i should be at home eating <propfemale> cake and drinking tea with the fam   curse you, fall quarter!"
so over this rain   it needs to stop 
loves modern family 
my neighbor is laughing like a madman   i'm sort of scared for my life 
i kinda miss b o o t 
apple just covered my laptop repair  love 
freshman are so excited about class   amusing but very annoying 
"could sleep, or could stay awake and be soooo academically productive    decisions, decisions "
?????????????????
it's already september?  where did the summer go?
pokemon playful reteens going off into the wild and battling strangers?  somehow that doesn't make much sense 
"does anyone still remember the ""superpoke"" app?  oh jeez "
"when the parrots think i'm spending time with the dogs, they start barking   "
"they should've had a ge requirement on time management skills, because i never learned any "
"is powell-ing it up, once again   yay, school "
they should find a way to genetically modify bears to make them smaller   i want a pet bear    would totally name it <propmale> 
????????????????????? ???
"pshhh all you people going out     my midterms, quizzes, homework, 250 pages of reading and i curse you!"
feels bad everyone who wore flipflops to class and also feels bad for everyone without an umbrella today    well    not really
"i hate that feeling    where you think you're almost ready for a midterm, and then you start reviewing the day before and suddenly feel completely unprepared "
"really starting to miss sproul 5 south 09-10     and swipes, of course "
i have a hard time getting over the fact that there will be no polar bears in 50 years 
something about wednesdays and antiproductivity   
"we're sick like animals, we play pretend"
"is not a fan of ""see friendship"""
"powell, we meet again "
"thank you, time <propmale>   i really appreciated the 3-day internet outage "
"mow your lawn, rent a goat   never thought of it "
"""workaholic: one who is addicted to workahol"" cleeeeverrrrrrr"
steelers lost and i'm back at school   ugh 
"great day catching up with <propfemale> lam  and brieanne painter!  oh yeah, and <propmale> potter was awesome "
can we just fast-forward and see how this all ends?
"my dear macbook pro, please dont be irreparable, my life would suck without you "
?????????? muahahahaha
dinner and mamma mia with <propfemale> pham  and <propfemale> chen    long overdue!!!
???????????
being busy is too much work
????   
"sometimes while studying, i wonder if i will retain or use any of this ever again"
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand back to the books   goodbye, thanksgiving weekend   hello, finals "
kpop is really catchy 
"is going to utah to take care of shelter animals this spring break and i think <propfemale> menia, <propfemale> lam, and you should sign up to go!"
"too much ""nomnomnom"" happened today"
finals     should i be more stressed out about this?
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow"
i love <propfemale> kitkat  smile 
"curse you, time <propmale>"
study time with <propfemale> lam!
"bruincast means not going to class and watching the lecture at 12:24 in the morning   a;klsdjfa;a ;,gjv a;fgja;hn"
why did i just have to drink the coffee?!
"oddly enough, academic health > physical health"
"i'm so good at breaking things, i even broke my foot   laugh "
loves my older sis!
"apparently, crutches make fun toys for those who don't actually need them "
bose earphones: didn't know i needed them until i tried them 
being an adult requires too much work and paperwork
[?] have lunch in my apartment with a squirrel
just had the best time with <propfemale> toda talking about everything and nothing   love 
one hour less   sigh*
so much yelling
wonders if how this whole video scandal is going to affect our incoming class of freshmen 
"goodbye, winter quarter!"
fully recovered!!
i knew better   
ohhey <propfirst> moore's on uclaradio right now   go listen!
"the longer i'm in school, the more stupid i feel "
wake up in the morning feeling like pdiddy?
smells like strawberries    laugh 
"many an all-night i have spent realizing i should've started studying much much earlier, still this lesson has not been learned"
"was going through the ""notable deaths of 2011"" slide, and found out that <propfirst> <propmale> died in february    sad "
pressed the 'reply all' button on accident   i totally get why it can be problematic now 
they have a youtube video for everything 
"so many things to get done, so much time already squandered   "
they're doing a <propmale> event at ucla in june!
"wth, facebook   what is this message-chat hybrid cr*p?!"
<propfemale> is only 23??!  what?!
3rd year is almost over?  where did all that time go?
