567
a36b4cef4e8f9a7baa73461c761d8753
26
-
so annoyed.
never take life seriously. nobody gets out alive anyway.
"well, i'm sick  annoyed "
so there is going to be this thing coming out that is like a touch screen on your arm. think of the ipod touch but on your arm.
facebook is irritating right now.
oh no cafeworld is fun
i'm really sick and hope i can go to school tomorrow. i'm tired of not being able to breathe and i'm freezing all the time.
today was a good day
wow i'm really tired
not doing too good on mw2.
"""you don't know when emergencies happen, that's why they're called emergencies."""
you know i'm a dreammeerrrrr and my hearts of gollddddddddd
i want a lady gaga shirt
finally don't have homework.
9.50 for a sandwhich wtf norton <propmale>
the only thing i really know is i can't sleep at night
what's up with g4 playing 20 episodes of cops everyday?
rollin on dubs iced out like hockey
<propmale> kong aint got nothin on me
here is where we both go wrong
lakers lost. feels bad man
the ending of black ops was like inception
i need a vacation
<propfirst> <propmale> is dead the world is falling apart man
2.7.11
"“justin? bieber called himself the ""<propmale> cobain of my generation""??? ok then, complete the circle and blow your head off, you little douchebag"" -<propmale> reznor"
my vacation was awesome. dont want to leave the boat  sad 
"they proved that if you quit smoking, it will prolong your life. what they haven't proved is that a prolonged life is a good thing. i haven't seen the stats on that yet."
wow poker is stupid
<propfirst> <propfirst> was the best rapper of all time
you have a voice. how are you going to use it? speak the truth and you will be heard.
all about dem <propmale>
you are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge
what is this 5/19/13 stuff? i've been seeing it everywhere
this place is really boring.
let me in was amazingg
can't sleep.
i am so tired of stockpile
bored
lol sphs is on urbandictionary. oh lol
saw trailer for devil right now. when it said m. night shymalan everyone in the theater groaned
ahhh underground was awesome tonight. go kgb!
i've been playing with window lickers all day on reach. jesus.
where are these ghosts at?
just because its on facebook doesnt make it right
awesome. my computer broke
"if you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common."
o lawd im watching the laker game on my xbox
wow iron man was awesome..i'm only getting 3 and a half hours of sleep  but oh man it was so cool.
butter fingers
everything about the social network was good. soundtrack is awesome
i love last.fm
hm i really like <propmale> reznor's new band.
had a good birthday
"""it doesn't take a genius to see the world has problems.""  ""no, but it takes a room full of morons to think they're small enough for them to handle."""
"remember that a government big enough to give you everything you want is also big enough to take away everything you have."
"""i don't want to fit in. i just want to be a teen werewolff"""
"wow long day of filming yesterday, but its going to be awesome"
more trolling tomorrow with <propfirst> bello. no one is safe.
lakkeerrrssss!!!
going to see dat paranormal activity 2
back from 4 hour drive. we are at a nice hotel though
at the airport.
hold your colours against the wall.
this is what the back of your hand was made for
be who you are and say what you feel because those that mind don't matter and those that matter don't mind.
lakers win!!!
sweet it costs 400 dollars to fix my computer. back to the crappy one i go
oh man inception was awesome. cant wait to see it again
i want to live on tranquility <propfirst>.
"oh man i love the twilight zone. i wonder what they would've done with today's technology, but with the same minds and writers behind it."
predators was really awesome but real predictable in some parts. i knew three lines before they happened. but still was awesome.
got my awesome shirt.  laugh 
"""is this petco?"" ""yeah."" ""sir i need help im in durotar surrounded by wild boars"" best prank call ever"
so apparently we can't put up billboards of our god-preisdent obama comparing him to hitler. what happened to freedom of speech?
"so i tried searching for ""clown school"" using 1800goog411. apparently it thought i said ""porno"" and when it looked for related listings it connected me to a church. wat"
earthquake?
why can't a7x make good music anymore? sellouts.
walk into math class and dj quick is playing. damn it feels good to be gangster
"why is everyones status ""bomb ass turkey"" or ""black friday o man bro""? be original, people, jesus christ."
inception is sick
"i'll say it before and i'll say it again, inception was incredible i want to see it again so bad."
"""silly lady there are no whales in mexico"""
damn it feels good to be gangsta
going to get the divine comedy this weekend
going to portland
i love spending 5 hours trying to figure out how to get this stupid computer to work
damn you sharktopus!
lol al-qaeda
you guys need to go to bed.
wow long day.
yay only 7 more days
i wish it was tuesday
i'm a random windstorm. shaky shaky
no more widescreen monitor  sad 
i forgot what summer feels like
just saw <propfirst> beiber get <propmale> at haunt. best place ever
"praise the dark cthulhu, long may he reign"
watching ju-on.  sad 
earthquake?
only 2 more days of summer school then oregon
i want super humans already
around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world around the world
just got my 3 year old cousin to call me batman. so cash
no i missed jersey shore
boy i sure hope the dodgers win the superbowl today!
whoa. avenged sevenfold's new album is actually pretty damn good.
omfg saw 7 was so amazing
this phone is awesome
i'd rather live then live forever
oh my god i love daft punk
hey this colony facebook thing is pretty cool
i think it's funny how the social network ad is on myspace. hahaha
oh my god i hate my computer..
we got grenades man
halloween horror nights was tight
<propfirst> pilgrim is awesome
wow i discovered i look good in a hat
reach is pretty sweet
devil was actually really good
"you got it set to m for miniyou got to set it to w for wombo"
guess who has bieber fever
thinking deep with <propfirst> lol
i like rain
i can't believe i have two more days of school left. i want to go to hhn already
awake
i'm ready for school to start now. got all these cool shirts and pants
"men get arrested, dogs get put down."
wow its been cold lately
"so the first thing this islam guy says to me is ""fear allah"" but then when i start being nice he prays that allah be with me. oh islam you so crazy."
on the bus goin to da aquarium
"ancient aliens just lost all credibility. ""angels are actually aliens that use jetpacks lol"""
your voice makes my heart skip beats. so keep quiet before it quits on me
man my neighbors tv is so loud. trying to watch tv and all i hear is infected. new zombie. last man standing
just got back from electro shocking people
assassins creed multiplayer is probably the coolest thing ever
"sometimes when you sacrifice something precious, you're not really losing it. you're just passing it on to someone else"
"the grounds will shake and your children will tremble,soon enough the machine will fall.and we will all crumble,the human machine will finally bleed and cease to be.we'll finally be set free, be set free, be set free."
slay those who insult islam
everything is going to be alright
i'm an ice skating champion
love ballistic knife
let's get this day over with
black swan. was. amazing!
i love the weather today. thunder and lightning is awesome
looks like prop 19 didn't pass. guess we spend another 100 billion dollars a year to prosecute and house marijuana ‘criminals’ in jails.
"wow i seriously didn't think that was what i'd be doing after church. hahaha seacoast 5-0, protecting redondo beach from evil doers"
o lord thunder
has magic 8 ball duty tonight. ugh.
never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted.
">wtf there is too many saw movies>omg <propmale> potter 7!!!"
new computer  smile 
black ops tiem
<propfemale> christmas
god money's not looking for the cure. god money's not concerned with the sick among the pure. god money let's go dancing on the backs of the bruised. god money's not one to choose
this week better go by quick
"your lungs have failed and they've both stopped breathing. my heat is dead it's way past beating. something has gone terribly wrong, i'm scared you're scared we're scared of this"
man everytime i don't bring my ipod we get some awesome substitute that let's us use it
"whoahhhhhheveryone was wearing fingerless gloveswoahhhhhi saw a spanish guy doin' the bartman."
it's the bio digital jazz mannnn
"seconds from the end, what's it going to be?"
"nothing can ever stop this campaign, not when everything in life revolves around this pain. the <propmale> get <propmale>er and the poor get poorer. this monster moves with no end in sight."
yeah i was the only one who watched zoids
crucify the ego
"so the first thing i said this year is ""ow my head hurts now."" yeah 2011 is going to be fun"
a new age has begun
nothing ever changed but you
wishing things were different is a great way to torture yourself.
"don't look at me like i am a monster. stare like a junkie into the tv, stare like a zombie while the mother holds her child and watches him die, hands to the sky crying ""why, oh why?"" 'cause i need to watch things die from a distance. vicariously i live while the whole world dies, you all need it too, don't lie. why can't we just admit it?"
"umm..jersey shore.there."
im going to blow my vuvuzela at midnight
why do i always get so scared logging into snapgrades? haha
make your last status of 2010 a good one
television rules the nation
dayum dead space you scary
people should not be afraid of their governments. governments should be afraid of their people.
"and everyday it grows, forcing these scavengers to trail in its wake, feeding upon the scraps of torn paper and leftover change."
12:51 is the time my voice found the words i sought.
"wtf my xbox broke. now i have to do like, homework and stuff when i get home. gay"
"our legs begin to break, we've walked this path for far too long"
word on the street is <propfemale> has a boyfriend
battle la was the funniest movie i've ever seen
man paintballing today was awesome
you used to be alright. what happened? did the cat get your tongue? did your string come undone?
fun fun fun! which seat do i take?
why can't i get <propfemale> blacks song out of my head?! aghhhhhhhhhhhhh
we are too young to fall asleep and too cynical to speak
like this and i'll write you a letter
i wish i was bulletproof
its friday friday gotta get down on friday
suckerpunch was so bad. but at least insidious was really really good
"every second, every minute, every hour, every day. it never ends"
"today was a good day, to"
