561
dae3acaecfdf0a87fc17a7b6684a0932
21
-
"im bringing back a big box of stuff from <propfemale> to give out  tell me if you want anything ""special"""
got called a pothead and a stoner  the world's comin to an end!
"im bring back a box of stuff from <propfemale> to give out  tell me if you want something ""special"" (be realistic please)"
i climbed the great wall of <propfemale>!
i'm back 
odst party was sweeeeeeet
is excited about odst party
thinks <propmale> is a dumbass
wants <propmale> to stop
wants to know if anyone else owns a ps3
doesnt eat dog
i wonder how much itd suck to rot in jail
i love this dog   
new church will be ready in a week!  laugh 
"stuck at school till 5 cuz some dumbass said hed burn the school down and kill some kids  by the way, how the hell do you burn down a giant slab of concrete?"
am i evil?
found a huge stash of photos from when i was in japan  kinda wierd feeling looking through em
"i feel like pissing fraser off, so here goes  <propfirst> <propmale> died?! what???"
cheeseburgers!
didn't go trick or treating
revelation of the year: liebe ist krieg! live with it 
is sorry for calling <propmale> a dumbass
i finally finished my fitness project! yay!
i have to finish my entire graphic essay by tomorrow  gah
redhawks won!  smile 
isnt gonna get cod mw 2
i failed the chem test
got 68% on the chem test  my parents didn't care   
tomorrow would be great if my teachers didn't all decide to ruin the day and have all their tests tomorrow
herro evryone  lolz
is envious of anyone who has mw2
bus driver backed up into another bus today  lol
hates it when stupid gingers steal his gum
is one of three asians who aren't on math team
schools tomorrow and i still havnt done any of my homework
turns out the lady wasn't killed   
schedule: 1 med hist galanis 2 hnr geo <propmale> 3 <propmale> betterman 4 lunch 5 pe 6 enr patt starke 7 enr chem brown 8 band
bored   
has a ton of homework
i think i should actually start studyin for my finals    still havnt started at all
comment if you want an advents calender  $3 each   
i ? my schedule   
tomorrows gonna suck ass
wearing black red and white tomorrow
anyone want an advents calender?           
crap  vacations almost over
new 1 arm push up record: 8
still has to buy a bow tie
"whats with this new ""change ur profile picture to a pokemon"" thing?"
line feeding half the power to my house snapped  electric company said theyll fix it tomorrow   
god is awesome!
almost missed the bus today
gonna be staying up late studying
its thanksgiving! time to put on a couple pounds   
still have that huge nike logo scar from hurdling
my dad bought a treadmill and one of those bike things
just watched avatar    three words: best movie ever
brown's chem homework is so hard!
illinois (especially palatine and cook county) has some really stupid people on their juries
watching vids on ard de for <propmale>  check it out!
just realized that half the walls in his house are pink
stuck at school til 6 smile 0 today cuz of the band rehersal    me and <propfirst> just sat there listenin to eminem
"hell yeah, 94 on my <propmale> final"
stayed up last night to watch a bunch of drunk people jumping around
wish vacation was longer
"i know im wierd for saying this, but im going to miss square dancing"
"<propmale> final tomorow, and everyone in my class is white except for me!"
likes being able to wake up at noon
i think i hav swine   
went skiing yesterday in wisconsin    there were so many asians there
got relapse: refill
i seriously have no idea why anyone would want me to change my name to <propfemale>
my mom rear ended a jeep with our toyota    the jeep now has scratched paint and the entire front of our car caved in  wtf
me and abiq lost a badminton match 25-2 in gym
our car got fixed    took an entire week   
anyone who thinks eminems dead is an idiot
eating barbecue
we got this call just now  the caller id said 000-012-3456  is this supposed to happen?
my dad told me i shouldn't listen to rap
is sad about not having an xbox
going to junsung's
first google result for my name is the 2 billion group  lol
dads making me do summer school
<propfemale> owns at aerial skiing  jus' saying
just finished an hour long workout
maybe i should scan some and upload
just finished eating two big macs  still hungry
new facebook sucks
still doing my chem project    lol
is eating lobster for dinner
chem project = fail
doppel u is a beast
yay i can sleep now   
still think <propfemale> should have won  the canadian reaction would have been hilarious   
i tried pokemon  it sucks 
didn't get to finish watching the oscars last night cuz of that one gay skit  when my dad saw the two guys get in the same bed he turned off the tv and walked away  lol
can someone please sell me a pokemon game for gameboy? ive never played it before and want to try   
just realized i have some stupid band thing tomorrow  totally ruined my day
"the hurt locker is totally overrated  watched it and was really, really disappointed"
i'm starting swimming tomorrow    nooooooooooooooooooooooooo   
got a haircut
"i hate swimming    actually, i hate trying to swim, failing, and getting laughed at"
doing absolutely nothing this weekend
thank god my pe class is doing racket sports first    gives me time to learn how to swim
working on the chem video due tomorrow
they were playing a christian song for the music minute in the afternoon  totally made my day
"failed my chem test today  and im not being asian and going ""omg, 92%, fail "" i'm talking less than 60%   "
the only good thing that comes from being asian is the food
"passed my level 12 piano exam  i'm now considered teacher level, so i never have to take lessons ever again"
spring break is    boring   
wtf  it's snowing
got a haircut
pokemon cards ftw!  laugh 
havent touched my backpack since thursday  going to be very busy tomorrow   
can now doggy paddle  be jealous 
the russians did it  there was no way that plane crashed by itself
is it just me or did google change its name to topeka? wtf???
who knew? too much pokemon can actually give you a headache 
getting up at 5 smile 0 tomorrow
i think i should actually start studying for finals  i'm soooo screwed
"i can float now  bwahaha, so happy!!!"
"a week or two ago, i was all omg its almost summer!!!!! now that its actually here, its more like, damn    its summer   "
my piano teacher told me that i have to practice 3 hours a day to prepare for an exam   (  _  ) so depressing
"tomorrows supposed to be late arrival, but i have to go to that stupid breakfeast thing    augh"
i passed my swiming test!  laugh 
"i'm very, very pissed right now "
i think someone's hacked my facebook    oh well
"got a 79 on my ep test  considering how i totally read the book, that's actually pretty good   "
new eminem song!!!!!!!!  laugh ddd
bought the avatar blu-ray  laugh 
why is it called karate kid if he learns kung fu? wtf?
i need to hit something
going on a field trip to germantown tomorrow  laugh 
went to h-mart
sagwa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm so asian i eat rice with barbeque
some detective dude just came to my house   
"the mile was so much fun  like, seriously"
was really excited about going to canada over the summer    and now i find out i can't go cuz the cousin i was supposed to be visiting is going to germany  wtf 
so apparently i didn't fail my chem test  71%    sweeeeeeet
is bipolar
sometimes life is good and sometimes its bad  right now it sucks
can someone please tell me what the romance and tragedy summer reading assignment is?
dmx is the shit 
spain's going to win because <propfirst> the psychic octopus said so 
"omg, they found <propmale>'s ark!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
who will survive in <propfemale>?
talkin to pikachu   laugh 
i really feel like blowing off my <propmale> final tomorrow  i have a 99 4 in the class so i need to get 1 question right on the entire thing to keep my a
i think it might be time to start my aic summer reading project   
got recovery  eminem is a beast 
going to stay up all night reading every single <propfemale> in my chem book word for word
i am so tired of people telling me to grow some balls    d:
"since the vancouver olympics, i've caught myself humming the canadian national anthem many, many times  like just now "
"oh cool, you can like comments now"
just got my wisdom teeth removed
going to watch karate kid
shit 
"if you believe in jesus christ, put this on your wall  do not just ignore this  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and are not afraid to show it put this on       your wall  i ? god!"
 sad 
"sucks at giving impromptu speeches  especially when the topic is ""having loved and lost is better than never loving at all"""
summer school is stupid
almost got killed by a firework last night  maybe that's why setting off your own in the middle of the street is illegal   
"for some reason, my mom doesn't want me to go to college    she wants me to enlist as soon as i'm done with high school  wtf"
ribfest sucks 
so hungry    haven't eaten anything in the last 38 hours and can't until friday d:
"hanging with <propfirst> <propmale> hillyard, then ribfest"
noooo bears lost  d:
"according to a political survey i just took, my views and standings are most like those of <propmale> stalin"
eating apple pie while listening to d12  life is good   smile 
my favorite cousin <propfemale> and family r hheerre for thanksgiving  i'm hanyizzle
naperville is a liberal hellhole 
"paintballing tomorrow with <propmale> fraser, arjun singh, jashn joshjasonjaysean chhaya, and some other people"
forgot my keys and my moms not home  fuck finals 
i should start studying   
wtf  nate dogg died 
"""you miss 100% of the shots you don't take  unless you're me  i make those shots too """
joined my church's choir  laugh 
<propfirst> is here!!!!  laugh 
i hate life  don't you?
got a letter inviting me to the national youth leadership forum on national security  awesome 
"if any of you would like to see me sing, come to the compass church this weekend for easter service! more information on the church website: www efcn org"
easter!  laugh 
"yay, 'osama shoot down video' spam!  laugh "
got u s  citizenship!!!  laugh 
had a one day week hehe
psn is back up!!!
its may 22 now  still here   
locked out of my house d:
it sucks to be right
"hello finals, goodbye grade "
two more days til germany  rahhhhh   laugh 
"damn, that went by fast    leaving for the airport in half an hour!  laugh d"
arrived at <propfirst>'s!!
