232
19f41b6facd7a78c3ceef4fec559cda7
23
-
stressed but lovin all the great people in my life.
"losers, losers, losers. f*ckin a man! they are everywhere out here! get a job man! go to school, pick up your trash,  dont kw, but get your shit together."
my man i love him so much
"i got another a+, what can i say....i'm smarter than the average grand ronder. jk..jk"
hahaha!!!!!!!!! another a!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and in math! fnals are in 2 weeks. wish me luck.
just finished my essay! i know its gonna be and a! or maybe im just cocky.
"man..i don't usually do this...cuz i aint nobodys agent or nuthin, but anyone whos a <propmale> minaj fan.....that ""moment 4 life"" track is nyce! check it out on youtube...unless you think shes whack.."
oh yeah!!!!!!!! juss got done gettin my skinny on. zumba and da gym! i am sore.
"woo hooo! finished all finals, got 3 a's and a b and now its spring break!"
yay! its one of those days! i ate like thee best cereal in the whole world and now i juss feel like a million buckz! ya know what i'm sayin? time to go get my skinny on at the gym!
i just made the best beans in the whole world and nobody will ever make as good as beans as i juss did.
oh yeah-uh! my gpa came into today....i gotta 3.69 and my financial aid check came too....time to get a 170 dolla calculator! good tymes...good tymes.
easters comin up!
"i can't wait to go back to scool sunday....but soring break was nice! got to spend a lot of time with my girls summer, <propfemale>, & <propfemale>. lil divas!"
"oh man..long day! home work, than excercise, than sleep."
everyone says i should leave you...so give one reason why i should need you. when all you do is lie boo...give me one reason why to believe you?
anyone feelin froggy should jump! other wise get outta my face!
"hahaha, i swear these girls will be the death of me! love em ne wayz!"
died my hair red and orange!!!!
lifes kinda got me down. gonna go to bed and hope things will get a lil better. if you know me and love me pray for me. ill need it in this dark point in my life.
mmmmm........heart shaped sausages!!!!!
"thought i'd let everyone  know my babie died, i had a misscarriage, and that is the lst i would like to say of it all."
hooray for turkey day!!!!! hooray for my homemade dinner rolls..horray for rainbow jello and hooray for the fambam! freakin hooray man!!!!!!!!!!!! i wish i still drank sometimes.
good morning world! how are all my little friends?!
"if i was actually as cool as i pretended to be i'd be friends with kat from la ink. kuz shes pretty dope, i think."
"im tired of seein red, i need to get outta here. wheres all the blues singers at? im feelin blue"
"i juss got back from camping and it was ttyyyyttteee <propmale>! it was so much fun. my baby got me a fish, we saw a <propfemale> eagle, i picked some berries, we saw coyotes and caught crawdads and salamanders.!!!"
i got alot to live for these dayz! and i'd rather live it not in a haze! so i'm sober for realz this time fam! yes yes its true!
can anyone tell me whats better then pancakes eggs and bacon for dinner!
i can see now that the creator has been testing my limits with this hard life. i am broken but not unfixable. i am going to pick myself up and keep my head high knowing that things at the bottom can only go up.
ooooooohhhhhhh my gawd! drama up my arse today! why can't things ever be simple? lame day!
"i know i'm not alone cuz god is always with me, but this is one of those footprints moments. i can only pray things will improve."
i got homework up the wazzo man!!!!!! full time student part time human..i got no life.
another long day
so are you guys aware that people actually post romantic ads on craigslist! i thought it was a joke and people put pictures up and shit.
juss chillin with the babies!
"juss got back from doing my garden!yeah <propmale>"
sick.........ewww....sux.
"bored bored bored bored, wanna do something, give me a ring a ding if ya wanna."
"juss got back from the sobriety dinner. hawiian themed..kinda, i mean if hawiian means pineapple on everything!"
i am so bored..........mhm.
"you know what i cant stand,ugly,dumb,drugged out,drunk,uneducated wannabe indian women with a buncha lil white kids who think they got it goin on when really theyre juss 16th blood gr losers who will never amount to anything but a lame flagger on the side of the road waitin for captain save a ho to come along! dont let the sunshine too bright you unclassy women! hahahahahaha! and keep on livin the gr dream losers !"
i am sooo tired! yes...soooooooo tired!
spent the day with my daddy. it was awesome! thanks daddy.
oh yeah! were goin shoppin!
and put down the pipe and pick up the make up cuz ya'll look f'in rugged. i'm like ugh!!! ur nasty!! everyday!!!
blah blah blah. yada yada yada. i need some oj!
"4 anyone checkin my wall ....ummm..yes i am super happy, i love my family, i love my man,  i love my j.o.b., i love summer, <propfemale> , aspen, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, jr, shay,rosie, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, my mom, my dad, my cousins, my grand parents,my uncles and aunties. oh and i love my self kuz i'm juss so sexy! and no, im not drunk or high"
juss sittin at home..by myself as usual! whats new.
la <propfirst> dadi da!!! my kuz'nz got a man! maybe she wont be so lame now.....but i shouldn't get my hopes up..jk jk!
ay dios mio! i am so f'in bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wheres a good bonez player when ya need one.
i am sore! worked it out today. i'm tryna give these bitches another reason to hate me. one love fam!
<propfemale> bored.
how is it that i'm surrounded by people...but still feel so alone. like i'm juss going through the motions..not living. lonely can be so bad.
i'm just about tired of bein talked down to by men. gettin juss a little old.
sick of lil ol gr and the lamez that reside here. one love!
happy thanksgiving ya'll! today i celebrate the rape and deception of my ancestors as well as being the damn pilgrim who did it! gotta love being a mixed breed!
feelin kinda <propmale> marley today...dont worry..be hawppy!
i'm pregnant.....possibly 2 and a half months but i wont know until my firsr prenatal visit. any bets on what the sex will be?
"a beautiful day, <propfemale>, and pretty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"mmmm..yummy, spicy taquitos, beans, rice, and frybread. whats better than doña <propfirst> and jalapeños? p.s.     its a retorical question."
"i love my family dearly, even when they are actin super lame! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo 4 ever luvz!"
what a lame night in gr!
its so damn humid today...ugh!
i can't trust ne bitch. go slit ur wrists loser!
hey hey hey! lookin like another rainy day out in gr. we got alot of rain to look forward to folks!! good thing i made a big pot of beans and bread. cuz if our tribal housing heat fails us we can heat ourselves up with hot air!!!!
so tired. i need an energy drink
what a long day..home work all day...hahahaha..and not mine!!!!! yep..its been a day!
bout to get a j.o.b. but please...dont borrow from me. hahahahahahaha!
i feel sorry for the people who don't know what they've got inthe palm of their hands. like a good woman or man. or a beautiul family and kids. i am grateful for evrything in my life.
juss another day in the bipolar neighborhood!
"i had a fun girls day out with the fam! shopping, garage sales, new clothes makeup, and purses! what a wonderful day!"
"schools cool, but i wish these other nuances would disappear forever!"
"ughhh..what a day what a day. whats left to do but lay my head down on my pillow? oh, thats right, dishes, kids and laundry! hahahahahaha!!!!!!! ill just make the kids do the laundry, let the dishwasher do the dishes...and i guess i can vacuum!"
got my d&c...and i been ever since.
i know you're readin my status...checkin up on me.....lol.....you really crack me up!
"waddya know, today was a good day. a hard day wit all the rug rats but a good day! ready to do my grown thing wit da boosky baby!"
"i am startin to realize how easily i could lose everthing i love. my people are important to me, so i'm lettin them know. much love and respect from ol tambam!"
got my math test tommorow than on to another one.
ok..long day....with all kidz....want to be with the one i love.  want some conversation......is that better?! hahahaha.
grand ronde might not have the cutest adults but there definitly were some darn cute kids last night. cutest lil trick or treaters i've ever seen!
oh boy..now i entered the dark side.......student loans.
so bored
what a beautiful day! dont you agree?
"oh goody, back to school at the butt crack of <propfemale>!"
off to the casino....by myself. whats new.
alone..again......my life is so lame.
"the letter ""o"" stands for opportunities. which doesn't exist in ""yesterday"" exists only once in ""today"" and exsists 3 times in ""tommorow"" so stay optimistic!"
fry bread and hamburger helper......hahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!! dinner tambams way!
"blue sapphire, red label, last night was a good night."
happy freakin new year!!! what your new years resolution? i got a grip of em! and i start school in the new year! go me!!!! yay!
dadadadadidididididi! hahahaha! lalalalalalalalala...humhumhumhumhumhumhum
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned! word of advice to those women who know this is for them...don't show mercy to those who showed none to you when they perpetrated. dueces! love ya fam!
"woohoo i got a 98 % on my first math test, guess the studying paid off!!!!! go me!"
long day....oh geez! who wants to get me drunk. jk jk
yucky yucky..lil ducky..if u were me you'd be lucky...but you r you so u r sucky!
second day of school and it was easy as heck! cold as fudge though!
sponge <propmale> sqaure pants!
passed my math test with only 1 point missed..and on 2 hours of sleep! go me!
yeah <propmale>!! moved into our new casa yesterday! its the shit!!!
i'm lovin my life and i don't care if you do. cuz i'm doin me haterz i'm not doin you!
just painted my nails sparkly pink..and i must say ..wow..i look good in sparkles!
off to school with my 100 pound back pack to get my edumacation!
your key is outside my door..... you want it you get it! love ya cuz!
"in school, classes scheduled, bus pass bought, future planned, gifts wrapped,and life good."
"oh man..you all know what im gonna say...butt load of home work...up early for school, yada yada blah blah!"
its been one of those days man! i need to juss chill back with my baby and block out everyone else. a trip to the bahamas sounds good right now. as long as theres no natural disasters while im there! love ya fam!
"you're a garanimal, i am thee animal, or betta yet the caniball, cuz i eat bitchez like hanibal. i chew them broadz up and i spit em out, and they cry every time they come back around.  smile  i think i rap better than <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale>! jkjkjk..or not"
cant wait till my boosky baby comes home! i love <propmale> crain! make a note of that.
