334
4e751914f4bb4cccd970a1eb5b9d0285
33
-
"in hawaii till the 23rd now, but i have managed to bum off my neighbor's wifi. hopefully they don't find out..."
yay for stuff.
i'm gonna be in hawaii until the 13th. probably not going to have time to use the internet so i won't be on.
back from hawaii! it's about time. i missed being able to do things other than drive around and swim.
anyone know when spring break is at mesa?
calculus test friday. awesome! t-t
"ok peeps. we have officially moved. if you wanna know where to, then let me know and i'll message you the address."
bam! robots gave us six extra seconds of cooperation. good job robots.
movie time. megashark vs crocosaurus. awesome.
"""<propfemale> believes in education: the average professor earns more in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week."" -<propfirst> esar"
first day of work was pretty sweet. sold a bunch of tvs. if only i got payed by commission...
i'm going on a road trip for the next week up to yosemite.
i just watched a daddy long legs attack a mosquito hawk. it was pretty intense.
i don't want to study for my calculus test tomorrow.....
<propfemale> christmas ev'ry body!
it's mah berfday and i'll... do some english homework cause i have to...
my phone screen is broken. no idea how it happened but now it can't do much else besides make and receive calls. i can't tell who's calling though so it's a bit of a pain.
"i returned last night from my week and a half trip to yosemite and back. took forever but it the geology up there is pretty spectacular. all in all, i rode my motorcycle 1627 <propmale>. i will be posting some pictures when i get around to locating the camera... glad to be back in my comfy bed though."
anyone wanna <propfemale> out some time this week?
just under 180 <propmale> from san <propmale>. we stopped at starbucks to wait out the traffic so we won't be on the road till 6 or so. looking forward to sleeping in my comfy bed again...
"because i enjoy finding ways to waste time, i have made a formspring account where you people can ask me whatever you want. i can't really guarantee the accuracy of every answer but i can at least say that i will do my best to be entertaining. you can find it here: formspring.com/shoekabob"
apparently i am on the <propfirst>'s honor list as mesa... was not e playful ecting to get a letter saying so...
i'm finally starting to be able to do calculus. thank god.
"there's no time to e playful lain, grab onto our tongues!"
"anybody with a ps3, get on the store and download the open beta of killzone 3. i need some peeps for kicking ass."
"guess what tomorrow is.... that's right, it's saturday! oh it's christmas too."
so we just found a large amount of scary looking legal documents taped to the front door of our house... probably gonna have to move soon.
happy thanksgiving every body. let's all do our part to lower the turkey population tonight. it's your duty as americans. don't forget the mashed potatoes either. those are just as important.
i gots me a job at costco and i'm starting tomorrow. yay for me.
i got a new phone so if you guys would be so kind as to message me your <propfirst> that would be great.
"my mom's computer got the great ""system tools"" virus. now if only it would let me do a system restore... it will probably just show up again later on anyway."
