336
e93bade1b550d038ac1314e1670da80e
23
-
"i have a mom who has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fail, cheered me on and kept me strong. moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! i love my mom! put this as your status if you love your mom!"
"i think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long.  if we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night."
"a particles quality is not predetermined, but defined by the very mind that is perceiving it."
"mercury retrograde in taurus: april 18 to may 11, 2010"
we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
"after all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."
"every moment that you spend upset, in despair, in anguish, angry or hurt because of the behaviour of anybody else in your life is a moment in which you have given up control of your life."
"with cannabis, it’s been around for thousands of years. there has never been a death – never been a death. is there any other substance in the pharmacoepia about which you can make that claim? i’m not sure there is."
"happy birthday to me!!!  playful  now what i want more than anything is for everyone to get into their car, or board a plane or a bus, and come to las vegas. hurry...the party never ends here...what are you waiting for...come to las vegas..."
"go where you will be celebrated, not just tolerated."
"once you go relax, you never go back. (get a massage)!!"
"today in history<propfirst> <propfirst> and his gang <propmale> their first train (1873)"
faith it until you make it...
god doesn’t send us the problem. he gives us the strength to cope with the problem.
success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. you must set yourself on fire.
"put this as your status if someone you knew was killed by lord voldemort or any of his followers. as everybody knows, being killed by a killing curse, having your soul sucked out by a dementor, or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone; muggle or wizard."
wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure
if you've dotted the i's and crossed the t's then you may do whatever you please
"happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
"i know that you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant!"
live life like it matters.
destination. determination. deliberation.
"it is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities"
the last enemy that shall be destroyed is death
may the force of the universe flow through you with ease.
young people are so infernally convinced that they are right about everything.
i like it on the desk...
it's hard to move forward if you're just standing still
"wherever you are supposed to be, prosperity will be there waiting for you."
today i took the ncetmb national certification examination for therapeutic massage & bodywork. i passed!! yea!!!!!  smile 
last day of my twenties...
"i think my obsessive love for <propmale> potter is perfectly fine, thank you very much!"
"like this status and i'll tell you: 1. something i learned about you; 2. the color you remind me of; 3. my first memory of you; 4. the animal you remind me of; 5. something i've always wondered about you; 6. my favorite thing about you; 7. give you a weird ""nickname;"" 8. challenge you to repost."
love to go to work for 2hours and walk out with $130 in my pocket.
"courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important"
where are the photos of my son on halloween people? hello?
"at thirty, youth, with all it palliates and excuses, is gone forever... 7 day countdown..."
"oh self cleaning oven, i never knew how empty a kitchen could be until i met you tonight..."
omg the movie was so fantastic! then to make the evening even better i decided to signup for rewards card. because the theatre was in a casino lol. as i'm waiting for the rep to finish and give me my card i was looking around and spotted the kind of machine uncle <propfirst> said was best to play on. so i put in my card and two dollars and not even 10 minutes later i became $95 richer! yeah! i love living in vegas
"guida la <propfemale>, non farti guidare!"
so so excited!!
"happy chinese new year&happy birthday <propmale>"
