513
d42cf9aee249a08bff892a1223b4df2e
39
+
"boo !!!  happy halloween everyone!!! i can't wait to take my little angel trick or treatin! she's gonna be a ""duck""  too cute!!!"
happy thanksgiving to all my family & friends! for it is you that i give thanks for!
"an old wise man once said…there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living~"
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or unfortunately much like my mom who is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"“if you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water's edge''"
"had a wonderful time at <propfirst> & <propfirst> farris wedding  unfortunately <propfemale>'s dad had a ""open bar"" for us at lakewood yacht club  got drunk, lost phone(2nd this week), took cab back home, now just need to find a way to truck at yacht club can't call cab or anyone else for that matter    sad "
"""the good friend isn't necessarily the one who immediately understands - it's the one who cares enough to keep trying to understand """
i would like to thank everyone for their support and prayers  i am very happy to report mama winters through a left punch(breast) lol at that cancer and knocked it out! after a 3 hour surgery there was no cancer cells found in her lymph nodes thus no cancer has spread the beyond her breast  they kept her overnight for observation and she was released sat  she is resting and doing well!
"when people tell lies, do they first convince themselves in order to convince others? or is it by convincing others they convince themselves in the process? just curious   "
"dear easter <propfemale>, this year instead of eggs filled with <propfemale>, can you please fill them will gas cards   cause <propfemale> won't get me to and from work!! happy easter to all my friends and family!"
"you can close your eyes to something you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to something you don't want to feel  no matter how much you want to "
"wanna know the truth about something or someone, give them some slack!  they will <propfemale> themselves     a wise friend once told me bulls#@ always much better ovbserved from the back row!"
"i just don't understand how some mom's think that by not letting their child see their dad that they are hurting the dad  but in the big picture the only ones that end up hurt are the children  you don't use your child as weapons in your war with your ex spouse, you might win some battles but in the end you will lose the war and your children's respect   "
oh dam?!! company party! that's all i'm admitting!  shhh
"if i had just one wish today it would certainly be, that i am to my children what my mom is to me! i love you mom   you really are a special kinda gal! ;~))"
not everyone is meant to stay in ur life forever    sometimes they are only there long enough to teach u the lesson that u needed to learn!
"<= will be unstoppable   as soon as i get started  it's that time!! ready, set, go! let's do this"
"attention programming note: i am pleased to announce that all future episodes of the <propfirst> springer show has been cancelled indefinitely  stay tuned for a new and improved programming i am sure that you will enjoy much more  thank you for your time, we know return to our regularly scheduled updates     smile "
sorry cast member deleted
"random thought of the day: if someone threw a rock and knocked you off your donkey, would you be stoned off your ass?"
"no matter which way were look at our pasts, we always remember the ones who made an impact on who we are today "
i feel like something good is about to happen in the not so distant future  remember you attract precisely what you think 
"all that you say, all that you do will become someones memories  make all the memories of you be good ones!!"
it's not that sometimes i'm late  i'm actually a bit early  i'm just still on pacific standard time and in the wrong time zone   
says a clean house is the sign of a broken computer 
"therapy is just too e playful ensive, but poppin' bubble wrap is way more cost effective "
is beating his previous record for number of consecutive days alive 
is recommended by 4 out of 5 ex- girlfriends   
some mistakes are just too much fun to only make once 
"i want to start a women's magazine called """"period""""  and some months i'll send it out late just to freak out my subscribers "
thanks to everyone who is and has served for great nation!
"a positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort "
"on this last day in may i am closing the door to the past   so that i can open the door to the future, take a deep breath and step on through to start the next chapter in my life   "
automatic doors make me feel like i'm a jedi   
"do women's breasts really swell in the summertime, or is it just me?"
dont wait for the perfect  moment   take the moment and make it perfect  
progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things 
"i just sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellant  now, he'll never have any friends "
*alarm clock* (n): an evil device invented by satan to disrupt the peaceful sleep of otherwise happy folks at a predetermined hour 
help wanted: telepath  you know where to apply 
is sincerely hoping & praying that the woman that i had a amazing child with  does not continue her crimes of parental kidnapping & parental allienation that has gone on for 2 1 2 months  for it is not only child abuse it is a crime and in contempt of court! this will not be pushed aside! this will be a game changer   
how come you never read about a psychic winning the lottery?
the only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have 
how does teflon stick to the pan?
im about to go and visit with <propfemale> and discuss my month long summer visitation with her mom! hopefully it will  actually happen   
"i can breathe again    she is <propfemale> amazing! the next 31 days are going too be the best ever  starting tomorrow"
<propfirst>'s angel is back
"memories of grade school: naps, snack time, recess, and if you were bad, a hot middle aged teacher would spank you with her wooden paddle  it's so cool how everything thing comes full circle!"
"middle age texting codes: atd -at the doctor  <propfemale> - best friend fell  btw -bring the wheelchair  byot -bring your own teeth  fwiw -forgot where i was  ggpbl -gotta go, pacemaker battery low  gha -got heartburn again  imho -is my hearing aid on? lmdo -laughing my dentures out  ommr -on my massage recliner  roflacgu -rolling on floor laughing and can't get up  ttyl -talk to you louder! repost to share a laugh!!"
"i upgraded to vip seats so now i have got 2 tickets for sale to the rockstar energy uproar music festival on monday at the woodlands  great seats about 22 rows from the stage! section 101 row bb seat #38 - 39  just asking what i paid $80 per ticket  gonna be a great show with seether, sevendust, three days grace, and and 5 more bands on three stages  starts at 2 surprise 0pm"
"i have 2 extra tickets to to rockstar energy and uproar music festival on sept  5 at the woodlands pavilion  these are great seats about 23 rows from the stage! section 101 row bb seat #38 - 39 bands on the bill: hell or high water black tide<propmale> of dying escape the fate sevendustbullet for my <propfirst> seether three days grace avenged sevenfold"
"i have 2 extra tickets to rockstar energy and uproar music festival on sept  5 at the woodlands pavilion  these are great seats about 23 rows from the stage! section 101 row bb seat #38 - 39 just looking to get what i paid for them  $75 per seatbands on the bill: hell or high water black tide<propmale> of dying escape the fate sevendustbullet for my <propfirst> seether three days grace avenged sevenfold (via <propfirst> winters)"
