208
b6ea475ea79a0bea100517cb4103f3e6
19
-
"thinks that if we are what we eat, there's been a few too many people munching on assholes around here!"
is on the mend  smile 
is dragging steves sorry arse out of the house
is so ready for nine inch nails and janes addiction yeeee hawwww
is sorely missing a good hawkes bay summer    whats this raining shit?
sunshine hot hot hot beaches swimming cocktails vino vino vino aaaahhh this is the life
"need sto find a cat-monster sitter while she is in croatia    any takers, he doesnt scratch    much"
should never be left at home alone with large amounts of chocolate
is a bit freaked out
is so grateful for everyones birthday wishes   thank you!  smile 
needs a hug
"forgot all about blanket man, is he still around wellys?"
yay im gonna get fixed!
cant remember if she ate the biscuit   ?
needs to find a cat-monster sitter while she is in croatia    any takers? he doesnt scratch    much
"is all biscuit binged out, time for a rest  smile "
why am i watching x factor???
anyone got a spare £6k?
is wondering if she should move to australia   and how to convince <propmale>!
has a new look
why is everone having babies? is it a baby boom?
let it snow let it snow let it snow  smile 
i took a walk on a council estate and thought i saw a <propfirst> red breast it turned out to be a pigeon with a knife wound
went ice skating at somerset house!
"from us fulla's to you's fulla's, <propfemale> christmas!!! love s&s, b&b xxx"
wishes you a very <propfemale> christmas!
hot pink!
has booked flights to <propfemale>!
my fine is £680 60
is homesick for new zealand today  sad 
"i just heard on the news that gangs are now using dogs instead of knives, i tried this and my toast was very hairy "
"likes to strip off, open and lick, and likes it long and hard"
dreaming of a warm climate   
"is wearing a wig, sillies!"
excessive consumption of champagne last night seemed like such a good idea at the time    
did the macarena with a llama in your bathroom because im sexy and i do what i want
loves her greens  playful 
is not suprised nhs staff get private healthcare
dont wanna leave <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
has tickets to download!!! life is good
has tickets to download and will have new eyes! life is really good!
teaching grandma how to use facebook
"- pub? ah, yes, a meeting place where people attempt to reach advanced states of mental incompetence by the repeated consumption of fermented vegetable drinks"
doesnt need glasses or contacts anymore  smile 
and <propmale> celebrating 9 years today  smile 
is getting excited about <propfemale> with <propmale>  love 
absolutely amazing sunset
loving northern england
happy happy happy joy joy joy
"if you ar whwat you eat, then i am very sweet ; )"
"has seen a koala in the wild, random kangaroos boxing next to a holiday lodge, dolphins swimming next to surfers, kookaburras laughing, pretty galahs and other beautiful birds, amazing beaches, seafood and a hazy wine fuelled week    this is heaven"
bye bye bendon and <propfemale>- london wont be the same without you  sad 
is not coming out until the sun does
"did the british 10km run today, only managed to fall over once"
money is the root of all evil! give me yours and save yourself!!
anyone know of a nice quiet spot where no one can hear someone scream?
happy friday! loving the sunshine  smile 
's <propfemale> posted her 6 packets of timtams    and she is at home alone with them all    this can only get messy
is going to be better tomorrow! dammit!
"new york new york, love it!  love "
is on her way to see this way of life at barbican  smile 
needs you to sponsor her now! the great british 10k run is this coming sunday! even a little will help  smile 
happy easter!
just had an hour deep tissue massage and is more sore than before    whats that about???
"drinks on saturday, whos coming?"
wants a bushbaby
"has two work trials next week, wish me luck  smile "
"say what you want and be who you are, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind  - dr seuss"
"no more drunk calling to nz on my mobile! if i call you, <propfemale> up! otherwise ill have to stay here longer to pay off my mobile bills  smile "
"clearly, there's no excuse for my behavior, so i'm drinking until i have one "
intoxicated again
keep spilling champagne on the cat
happy happy joy joy
no hot water for a week!
weather is a perfect excuse for splashing in puddles in my most excellent gumboots  smile 
started off the evening with a shot of <propfemale>   
its nearly festival time!!!!
my hair my hair my hair!
too much awesome
is missing kristens cocktails!
is loving the weekend  smile 
64 hour week  must sleep 
needs you to sponsor her now! the great british 10k run is next week! even a little will help  smile 
is getting her husband to iron all her clothes ha ha
hard rock calling here i come!
and the flatmate nightmare continues    anyone can give us free legal advice?
"cushions, garden, great book and pimms with plenty of sunshine- beats being in a crowded pub watching england lose! mwa ha ha haaaa"
is savouring the last week of her twenties   
's last night out in shoreditch    this could get messy
 love  festivals
oops i just accepted two different jobs!
<propfemale> jam tomoroow wahoo! ive been waiting for this for hmmmm    16 years 
theres too much month at the end of my money  sad 
thanks everyone! you guys are sweet xxx
who said finding a rental in auckland was impossible? we found a really good one!
ugh drunk on a monday  nice  
bring on the weekend!
hello wellington!
all blacks are awesome and <propmale> is very happy  smile 
fuck
where shall we live? wellington? tauranga? auckland?
never trust your flatmates when it comes to money!
"is on a shopping e playful edition, followed by the soho hotel for afternoon tea  smile "
"was productive despite being a sickie, whipped up some drawings in bed  smile    a bit <propmale> though! need some practice! anyone want me to draw them???"
afternoon tea again? its a hard life   
finally arrived in <propfirst>    looking forward to two weeks of mayhem  smile 
" love  turk?ye! so hot and relaxed    shopp?ng    eat?ng   dr?nk?ng (the w?ne ?s good!) beaches   sw?mm?ng    h?story and ru?ns, myths and legends    great company and new fr?ends, couldnt be happ?er r?ght now  laugh "
last day of holiday! new job starts tomorrow  smile 
is in feilding for a limited time only!
a foolish man tells a woman to shut up  a wise man tells her her mouth is extremely beautiful when closed   laugh 
has just found a load of lumps up her back? oh yeah! it's a spine!
cant wait to see my long lost friends!
last day in london   
bye to all my london peeps! we are gonna miss you all!!!
"has been in a helicopter to a retreat for traceys big 3-0 and had blssful hours of dear friends, massage, swimming in geothermal pools, five course dining, five bottles of wining, jealous much?"
hawkes bay on tuesday- just for the day  wellington on wednesday! you fulla's better be ready!
new zealand is the best x
<propfirst> is awesome and i am drunk again
"fabulous weather, fabulous friends, fabulous weekend"
where are all the sheep?
mulk
freaking loves l a!
is loving auckland
loving the forecast for a long hot summer!
wishing my friends and family a safe and happy christmas!
life is good
babies babies everywhere
"i want oysters, with shallot vinegar and a glass of pol <propmale>"
"saw the new year in with great friends, swimming, drinkies and loads of sunshine, glow worms and shooting stars, hot water beach, hahei beach, cathedral cove, kaiate falls  i hope you all had a great start to the new year too!"
there are some very special people in new plymouth
has four interviews lined up- nervously hoping somebody wants me!
spent two hours this afternoon getting paid to taste wine  smile  i love my job!
i love my friends x
loves being with her wellington peeps!
is the boggle master!
is now friends with a dog on facebook
"loved shooting her family at laserstrike, especially <propmale>!"
is off to see queens of the stone age tonight  laugh 
my heart goes out to everyone involved by the latest quake    hope everyone is ok
is missing her friends  sad 
<propmale> is employed!
"is getting really excited to have a home at the end of this week, its been 6 months of living out of our suitcase!"
loves seeing pukekos every day!
looking forward to <propfemale>'s hen party tonight!
the shak is back!
