698
ec8f396f6abe7aca58bfa8a43d6f5a7a
35
+
drinking orange juice
misses <propmale>!
"home from texas, went to minnesota, back from there, off to ocean city new jersey, now back for the rest of the year!"
eating raspberries but wanting icecream with a cookie
watching a music video
school here i come. . .  *sigh*
i love <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>!
wanting to paint my room blue
i bought the new katamari damacy game!!!  score!!!
wanting to go to the gap store with <propfirst>
blue of red?
watching a movie with <propfirst> depp!!! <propfirst> and the chocolate factory!!!1
can't wait till something wonderful happens.
"c <propmale>, then, you change keys right here.  thats when the trumpets begin.  after that you go back to the first line.  but you skip the third measure.  you turn to <propfemale> four and remember the repeat sign.  here, on <propfemale> five, you grow louder then quite.  not too much bang. keep it nice and calm.  the violins begin and the starting point.  and i think you know where it goes next."
???
please comment on your favorite color for a room. do it... now!!!
stupid paper that i have to write...
going to london...
"i like to eat, eat, eat, apples and bananas!  *music keeps going* i like to eat, eat, eat, apples and bananas!"
the reason it you.
uncharted2 comes out tomorrow!!!!!!
sushi!!!
baking muffins!   smile 
the brothers bloom...
try to get through the last bit of uncharted2.
i ate too much cake...  not feeling well.
i.  am.  sick.  *koff*
"uncharted2, here we come!!!1"
still wanting to be a ninja...
beat uncharted2!!!!!!  yes yes yeeeesssssss!!!!!!!!!
having fun booing people!   smile 
want to be a ninja...
moogle moogle...
cloud fell from the sky...
feel like reading a <propmale> potter book.
close your eyes.  can you hear it?  it's all around.  music.  all you have to do is listen.
"okay, okay, okay...  i'm done booing everyone."
done math!
had fun with my mom!   smile 
getting ready to go to texas!
"okay, all packed up and ready to go to texas!"
my mind.  my mind is my mind.  and no one else's.
in texas!   smile 
giving my hands and fingers a beak from piano.
wanting to watch <propmale> <propmale>'s nightmare before christmas
going to make a totoro plushy!  or just buy one!   smile 
pasta time!   smile 
working on my ninja outfit.  oh yeah!
living life and loving it!
watching bleach
going to <propfirst>!
driving to <propfemale>!
"blue skies, smiling at me.  nothing but blue skies. (its it's actually raining)"
???????????
haven't had noodles for a week.  going crazy.
i feel so liberating...
i'm choking...  egg...  went down...  wrong way...
going to boo again!
"""what's a ten?""  ""...  clowns...""  ""clowns?!"""
"snow bording all day.  phew, just got back!   smile "
oh what a beautiful morning!  oh what a beautiful day!  i've got a beautiful feeling!  everything's going my way!
flower.  uncharted.  ps3.  good day don't ya think?   smile 
ate waay too much a noodle.  feel's sick.   playful 
what's going to happen next?
"my favorite letters are- d, h, i, j, k, l, m, o, p, r, s, t, u, v, & x.  okay?  okay."
happy happy happy!   smile 
last night i watched <propfemale> & <propfemale>.  i am now wanting to go to <propfemale>.
happy birthday to me!!   joyful 
picked her favorite day of the week.  saturday.
watching clue.  such a good movie!
is really wanting to watch the brother's bloom.
is wishing that tetsuya nomura would write and draw his own manga.
is really getting into photography.
just came back form seeing the movie sherlock holmes!
tired and bored...
"when i knock you don't answer.  so, i have to go through the window.  you see me and freak."
doesn't know what to think or do anymore...
my oven blew up.
is on chapter 13 of her depressing book.
is on book 2 of her depressing book.
my ipods acting weird!
is listening to hello hurricane!!!  whoosh!!!
is eating noodles and watching spirited away.
just ate a sushi tasting raspberry by mistake
is livin' fancy!
wants to lie down with chicken noodle soup and watch a nice movie.
is now putting the new vampire weekend cd onto my ipod  smile 
doesn't understand the things she does and why she does them.
is going to play assassin's creed.   smile 
had a good day and is ready to hit the hay!
is home!
it's going home!   love 
"thinking of a dear, dear, dear friend of mine named <propfemale>...  <propfemale> something..."
i had a dream where i had spiddie powers.  like spiderman.  it was awesome.
is going to the mall!  huzzah!
what's on your mind?
feels as though she has the best family in the world and wants to keep it that way.
wilco + me =  smile 
has the head of all aches.
is watching coraline.
listening to the beauty and the beast theme by aoi teshima.
"what's this? what's this? there's color everywhere! what's this? there's white things in the air! what's this? i can't believe my eyes, i must be dreaming wake up <propfirst> this isn't fair! what's this?! - the nightmare before christmas"
"in the futrue age, some trees will fall...  then again, so will us all..."
white vs black
"i had a dream where i had spiderman's powers and when i looked at things with my left eye, whatever i was looking at would e playful lode.   i got arrested 3-5 times."
whats so good about the ds xl?
cant believe that shes listening to <propfirst> swift.
"""just never forget, there's life after death, and taxes.""  -  relient k"
is listening to eisley
adventure time!
"vulnerability vul-ner-a-bil-i-ty -adjective  1.  capable of or susceptible to being wounded or hurt, as by a weapon: a vulnerable part of the body. 2.  open to moral attack, criticism, temptation, etc.:  an argument vulnerable to refutation; he is vulnerable to bribery."
is going to have an awesome day
is thinking of attending activate tomorrow...  hmm...
i am a mighty awesome powerful shinobi.  fear me.
is going to see ironman2 today  smile 
ghibli!  ghibli!  ghibli!
ummm. . .  yes?
scholarships are amazing things.
is watching coraline
is missing out on the vampire weekend concert tonight...
rumblerooooaaar!!
is at java cat listening to live music
is going to see godspell
is debating if she should go see the free <propfirst> bieber concert...
""" for every passing second comes a second <propmale>. "" - relient k"
is enjoying life
is tired.
misses the land of the cheese
"breakfast, breakfast, what should i have for breakfast..."
same question-  what should i have for breakfast?
has 3 days to read a 759 <propfemale> book!!
wants to watch astro boy.
is having a ton of fun shooting rubber-bands everywhere.
really really really really misses her house...
"which ones best?  bass, or guaitar?"
is going to have a vampire weekend :  )
is watching my neighbor totoro!!
"*twitch, twitch*"
what time is it?!
*sniff sniff*
"after a awesome day with partying, i think it's time to sit back, relax and watch a movie with my mother."
if i lay here...  if i just lay here...  would you lie with me and just forget the world?
is thinking about the beach  love 
is sucking on a lemon drop.   smile 
is sucking on a icebreaker.  yummy...
is feeling worse...  and hates being sick...
"is watching, na na na na na na na batman!"
is drinking french coffee.  smile 
"is spending the day with <propfemale> kozar!!!  i love you <propfemale>!  (well, after school  smile  )"
is dying to go back home and finish final fantasy xiii.
has a new friend!   smile 
"man!  universal studios , disney world, disney hollywood studios were awesome!"
all done with my standardized testing!  huzzah!
went to the beach!
2 parties today!!
"floo powder powder, floo powder powder, floo powder powder, floo powder powder!"
is in new york and found out she's sick...
needs to edit a ton of photos.
smile
road trip!!!
ipod broke and is in state of shock...
"3, 2, 1, let's jam-"
another party tonight  smile 
ugghhh. . .  math. . .
done school.  now what?
"when you know the notes to sing, you can sing most anything!!!"
"here comes the sun, doo doo doo dooo, here comes the sun, and i'll say, it's all right.  (do do do do do do do do do do do do)"
"now i've heard there was a secert chord, <propfirst> played and it pleased the lord.  but you don't really care to music, do you?  well it gose like this, the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the <propmale> lift.  the baffled <propmale> composing hallelujah.  hallelujah.  hallelujah.  hallelujah.  hallelujah."
is rad
winter!  winter!  winter!
is really angry 'cause she can't play <propfemale>!!
"is watching people sing on youtube.  man, so many people are talented!"
is happy.
it's going to be totally awesome!
my hands are shaking really bad.  did i not get enough sleep?
ugh!  a stupid fly is annoying the heck out of me!
is going to relax today...
"dear world, thank you for an awesome day, good night.  :   )"
is singing once
dancing in the rain!
i'm a needle girl in a haystack world.
"act 2 part 1, break a leg!  lets roll!"
*yawn*
wants to watch coraline...  again...   smile 
awesome party last night-
wants it to rain again.  :  (
is watching the dark knight -
what now?
"is hearing the sounds of gun shots, bombs, screaming and robots...  someone is playing a video game!!"
"whenever you're stressed, bored, upset, or sad, it's always nice to be able to sit down and play some piano."
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  why did our ps3 have to break?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!
does anyone want a free gerbil?
no rain???  b-b-b-b-b-b-but...   crying 
is watching people throw something flat that looks like a ufo.  mmm...
cut her leg again!  ugh!
the cake is a lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
want's to try using water color in her sketches.
american and european fashion...
last day in wisconsin.  goodbye everyone.
"wants to go shopping but has no money...  ""moommmmyyy!!!"""
is playing dress up games  love   love   love 
time for video games!!
my mom's playing rockband : )
home home home home
24 days left...
doesn't understand why people like <propfirst> bieber...
is playing with her wand and singing a very potter musical
is starting to get real emotional.  that or it's the music.
square!  square!  square!  square!  square!
"is wondering what her life would be like if she didn't know the people she knew.  and now that she thinks about it, it would really suck."
caaaaaaaasssssssttttllllleeee!!!
"smoke smoke, <propfemale> <propfemale>! puff puff, <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
someone once told me that <propfemale> canes are the bones of rejected elves...  i haven't eaten once since...
crack the shutters open wide i wanna bathe you in the light of day -
"'s last time on facebook for a while.  <propfemale> won't let you use it.  buuut, to have facebook, you gotta have an email!  so everyone, email me!!  -  haisi@me.com"
"i think it's time to blow this thing, get every body and their stuff together.  alright 3, 2, 1, let's jam!"
sooo...  what should i do today???
happy christmas!!
what to do...  what to do...
??????!!
dad told me to change my status...  this is it...
"according to the website 1up, my rank for video games is titled; double killer.  i am happy."
watched doctor who this morning  annoyed 
is chill'n
is waiting for glee to start...
loves her profile picture  love 
"goodbye switzerland, hello <propfirst>  joyful "
last night in switzerland  sad 
does not want to leave <propfirst>!
is singing the phantom of the oprea
wants to go to winnipeg canada
got tickets to the midnight showing of <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows pt.1!!!
"has been on 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13, 15 planes these past two months"
<propmale> potter was fantastic!!!!
hates halloween
"i see your true colors shining through, i see your true colors, and that's why i love you.  so don't be afraid to let them show.  your true colors, true colors are beautiful like the rainbow."
"square enix, you're running out of ideas aren't you?"
4 more days to go!!
hello <propfirst> frost!  go away...
<propfemale> wars baby!!
"thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday!now i get to finally see one of my amazing brothers!"
is watching the ultimate gift.  best movie ever.
"you know you want me, you know you care. just shout whenever, and i'll be there. you want my love, you want my heart. and we will never  ever ever be apart.no, no, no, no, no!!  this cannot be happening to me!!"
likes being herself and no one else!
fell asleep at the library while studying
i am beautiful no matter what they say.
homework!!
"every time i hear a recording of my voice i always think, ""ew, is that what my voice really sounds like?"""
watching ironman2 and eating brownies.  what could be better?
"courage doesn't always roar. sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ""i will try again tomorrow"". - <propfirst> <propfemale> radmacher"
our family's finally together!
pre-ordered <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1
"as a math atheist, i should be excused from this..."
"no mom, i'm not anime addicted.  i'm just really fascinated and interested in asian pop-culture so i spend all my time studying about it."
fezzes are cool.
watching <propfirst> pilgrim
