250
119aad69d66906e2b748bacd5e2e79ae
32
-
"you know, that quiz is eerily incorrect . . . and also eerily correct."
"if the different fields of science contradict one another, is science doomed to fall as it is an example of the dualism which inevitably destroys everything it touches? or something else?"
is amazed it took her so long to join this site.
is taking lots of pointless quizzes when she should be doing this physics problem . . . fml
<propmale> and hobbes: <propmale>: it's not denial. i'm just very selective about the reality i accept. t.t  i wish i exercised this latent human ability more often.
"<propfemale> (my little sister who's pestering me): if reality is false, and everything false is not reality, then what is it i ask you? the answer, of course, is tortellini!"
just learned that the cheerios <propfemale> has lied to her - by exclusion - thousands of times. (mla)
hopes that the cast of clue will have a wonderful time practicing and performing their show without her. < smile 
"feels so loved from all these birthday messages - thanks so much, everybody!  laugh "
"loves <propfirst> the cat very much and always will. he is not gone, he is simply not seen here any longer."
"please, god, save me from my everlasting boredom or my kitchen will be a pile of ashes in 4 seconds!"
can't laugh because her daddy will hear her being evil. how unfortunate
"can't stop thinking, ""o-ha!"""
is going (stag) to <propfemale> ball.  smile 
"just asked her dad, ""you tryin' to pwn my bible, fool?"""
is still a huge disney fan.
has suddenly both been very saddened for the second time and come up with an awesome song idea for the second time . . . today. o.o awesomeness abounds.
ttott
"is having difficulty with the knowledge that, apparently, she is <propmale> alexandrovitch millerman's number one fan (read: stalker) . . . and that she seems to be the only one not laughing her head off about it."
sa------mpson!
wishes she understood why she shows up on all of <propmale>'s stuff and <propfemale> still hasn't murdered her . . .
wishes people would stop sending her weird looking videos of what appear to be green-eyed alien slideshows.
"does anyone know where that ""song of myself"" piece for american lit is on moodle? i can't find it anywhere!"
. . . . . . sooo . . . you like . . . stamps?
<propfemale> - urbandictionary: a super-sweet girl. extremely gorgeous and tons of fun. when you meet one you will want to be a huge part of her life but you would have to be very lucky for it to happen. an <propfemale> will stay on your mind forever so you will know when you meet one.
is using the internet in her very own room  laugh ! cool!!
. . . duck! duck!!! ahiru!!!
"will miss being able to watch <propfirst> leno live, despite her joy at his return to his superior show and time slot . . . goodbye frog man! < laugh "
you remind me of the babe! what babe? the babe with the power! what power? the power of voodoo! who do? you do! do what? remind me of the babe!!! . . . . i love labryinth  laugh 
there's a reason we're called the right. it's because it is right.
"is rewatching all the <propfirst> possible episodes. because yes, she's that cool. t.t"
shall not join another game on facebook because they are slowly and painfully consuming her soul.
formatting question for wl1: what's our header supposed to be again? i forgot to take one of the sheets home d:
will shock and amaze the ia upon her return (hopefully).
"thank you to everyone who remembered my birthday, either on here, to me in person, or privately in their minds! i've never felt so loved.  laugh "
i like being <propfemale>. i play all her games and make her send me gifts! > laugh 
exists.
"is an administrator on only at ia now - because she's on the staff too! also, she enjoys being able to use third-person on facebook statuses."
"will not be on facebook for awhile to focus on the rest of life. she will entrust her profile to her younger sister, who has promised to change the password and not tell it to her until she is prepared to return. she humbly asks your help by contacting her by phone or email until her return, and thanks you for your support in her endeavor to be more awesome.  laugh  <propfemale> ne, minnasan!"
is not playing fb games anymore - all notifications are from my little sister sending herself gifts on farmville.
must prepare for the father's birthday!
can't believe she is growing up in this world of corruption and crushed dreams...
"is banned from the internet, anime, manga, fanfiction and everything else distracting while school is in session. so . . . bye. (oh, and my sister is still running my 2 games)."
just saw l die. . . . . . .  *bawls brain out* l!
"is worried about, of all things, cutting up straws for chem class."
"has measurements for the straws brie jones and <propfemale> la <propmale> (lazies!), so fear not!"
"knows the <propmale> homework for b2 sophomores! it's exercise e in the blue workbook (p.112) and reading p.318 in our textbook, ""tipps"", to prepare for reading next class."
"is leaving this friday and will not leave her house until then, except for church."
yami ga mou hitori no jibun o tsukuru! i love season 0 of ygo.
first all-nighter ever . . . i'm gonna pass out in the middle of <propmale> . . . grahk.
"needs anyone from her math studies i class to email her the questions for review e - i don't have them, and i'm not at school! someone please email me them! (thank you)"
"is amazed that emailing multiple people to ask about homework missed on two sick days doesn't seem to work anymore. i mean, yeesh, guys, how hard is it to give a sick friend homework? it takes like 5 minutes, tops! *cough* < sad "
"will see y'all july 11th, if not sometime in august. much love! to clc!"
"is sixteen today. . . . so, now what?  laugh "
ms. guest left the ia?! *cries*
has returned. yayz.
school: do not want.
ain't going to winter ball or whatever it was called. doing hw from the two days i was out sick this week. *cheers sarcastically*
"""soon you will die . . . and then you'll be dead! because i killed you!!!""go anubis, go go (abridged) anubis."
*cough*
baby breadloaf!
wants to know why ib1 history students don't know how to put in parenthetical citations when they make charts. grr . . .
"will murder math (and maybe <propmale>, she forgets if there's a midterm . . . ) and then sleep for several hours guiltlessly."
loves gargoyles - and futurama - and <propfirst> <propfirst>'s voice. that is all. *squee*
"knows (as you should) that kato from ""the green hornet"" kicks ass, both in the movie and in real life. <propfirst> chou . . . wow. just, wow. check that guy out."
