118
4d922298b5ea914d186f6a2b31252320
25
-
utolsónak lenni egy nap vajon jó vagy rossz?
"ugye, a mentateraszban meleg lesz?"
hiányozni fogtok.
"akkor most virággal kell eredményhirdetésre menni, vagy együtt fogunk virágot adni a tanároknak? és akkor az megvan?"
having an mp3 player does make a difference  smile 
"draws, swings, walks..and won't finish calculus."
"olyan fura látni, hogy vannak, akik olyankor kelnek, amikor én mindjárt fekszem. (kéne feküdnöm)"
ááááááááááááááááááá.
"yep, it's real, it's snow!  smile "
..and krisztíín nemeth did it  laugh 
fontolgatja a skype-ot
<propfirst> or ralston for psy 113?
"why isn't there a simple, <propmale>, non-machinery bubble blower on the online-market?"
will have the most awesome people in her next semester philosophy class.
"miért <propfirst> az, hogy a több tucat amcsi tv csatorna közül egy se adja az u20-as focidönt?t?  sad  bár lehet, hgoy jobban járok a nettel  smile "
(l) forralt bor at christkindlemarket in chicago.
"thanks for joy sales, <propfirst> gratteau, <propmale> k. and <propfemale> liu, i am still listening to lady gaga..."
misses translating latin.
"watched high school ""prom"" videos, stalked on professors, read secrets instead of writing her lab report. wonderful day."
"i love my calc prof. assignment due tuesday, yaay! (he doesn't know how much sleep he saves for me...)"
did the wrong calc assignment all this time. why <propfirst> <propmale> has to confuse us with 7.4 and 7.4*???
wants a cheap hungarian restaurant in chicago.
i love the world!
white.
<propfirst> szaloncukra  smile 
 love  poker when she has luck.
"""the instructor recognizes that extenuating circumstances may prevent you from attending a given class (e.g. participation in scheduled extra- or co-curricular event, hospitalization, or family emergency, alien abduction, etc.)."""
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% won't copy and paste this... they have... been eaten by dragons.
választani akar! miért pont most szüntetik <propfemale> a chicagói konzulátust?  sad 
thinks she likes 3 hour bollywood movies  smile 
nem fogja tudni látni a magyarország-ghána meccset  sad 
"overslept, but classes cancelled anyways, yaay!  playful "
no 8am class tomorrow!!! (but i would do better getting up in time anyway....)
how do i manage to lose my p-card just before everything starts?!
haven't received any e-mail on my grinnell address in two days o.o
yay for social connections and being in the right place in the right time  smile .
"but you don't really care for music, do you?"
"is going to iowa state fair on the 19th! but will need transportation there...anyone going there with car who is willing to take a couple of people with themselves too? as <propfemale> woolery stated, you know you want to come... wink "
and now i can think about summer at last.
i hacked you
hates it when money is the problem  sad 
????? ????...  laugh 
"""because the sun shines."" - <propmale> n.a. commey"
loves her friends  love 
listening to silly chinese pop songs makes her realize how much she will miss chinese classes  sad .
's summer plans are working out! woah.
shouldn't drink coffee...
"so now, officially yaaay for social connections and being in the right place in the right time  playful ."
back to grinnell.
has ticket to home.  smile 
"after five hours of nap, ready for pancake!  smile "
"understands a little <propfemale> bit of chinese still, realized before boarding to taipei  smile "
has a little <propmale> (????in manga!  laugh  (and in chinese and japanese)
"hay mahn htun, <propfemale> t. carpio, fatemeh elahiplease, check your college mailbox! hopefully, you have something there  wink "
"lord, prepare me..."
how is the weather?
"two days until budapest, five days until grinnell! having two homes is weird..."
new goal for fall break: get breakfast from the dining hall at least once.
midnight is magic.
"got ""hacked"" by her roommate. =p"
hax0rz haxing hack.
forgot to log out...
hack hack hack hack hacked.
home. with capital everything.
