645
2fbefca6448d373830ba762edb69cf09
33
-
empty.
happiness in slavery?
merely inconsequential changes in perception. may its end be soon.
baileys and empty christmas-apocolypse streets  love 
why am i awake. the hell is this shit.
"overall, worthwhile day. thanks for the birthday wishes and such."
"oddly, worth the time."
eyes of my own creation tracking my every move~
"i'm not up for condescending right now, so i'll just scream vulgarities till something comes to mind."
'did he just go crazy and jump out the window?'
"as with all the other failures, it's easier to just pretend it never happened. no evidence means no feelings."
perfection in its imperfections.
so bloody pathetic. my condolences.
that was depressingly uplifting. co-existing contradictions! joy.
"""it's half past apocolypse, and my watch is outta batteries."" what."
needs a new hat. variety is a good thing ):
never again?
no time for complacency.
so the science 20 curriculum is looking like an obama speech. do not want. t_t
"our instincts they were cringing about how we lived our lives, it didn't seem we'd lived enough to even get to diee~"
is super duper sick. do not want ):
"""here in <propfemale> we don't have time zones, we have monster trucks"" you just made my day internets."
time definitely feels different. stupid five on my clock.
"""how dare you be intolerant of my intolerance!"""
i love erasing my hard drive! thank you vista  laugh 
confusion.
"nah, i think i'll just live later."
there's a river running through the ocean.
the unattainability is quite endearing.
just realized he doesn't know his new schedule! today's going to be a fun fun day  laugh 
everything is a novelty.
"well i was walking just a little bit sideways and you were walking sideways too, well i hadn't learned when a front door can be used. here it goes now."
"hope is pointless. make the best of what you have, and take your blows. the second you make e playful ectations is the second you can be dissapointed."
stupid fence ): how dare you mar my face.
well. fuckk.
wakin' up dead inside of my head.
"just go away, spring break. i'm sick of your shit."
"'teaching grief through jaded pupils' jeebus, just when i was almost back into the whole ""school"" idea. stupid spring break."
"'and if i can't have everything well then just give me a taste' why must this album be so old d:"
..seventeen hours of sleep. d: i'ma dieee~
'now how could i opt out of this; the sweet bliss of nothingness'
you may be better than us. but we're more than you.
"please, just leave. get out of my school, and out of my mind."
don't tell obviously insecure people that they're worthless. it makes you look like a total asshole.
lol at the mini erebus in my computer fan.
"fuck it, that dogfish is dead."
<propfemale> chocolate-zombie-platypus day world!!
my coke is not red. what is this.
"well take what you want from me, you deserve it all."
this night is more home to me then a house ever could be.
"the better i feel, the worse it gets."
"'cause the ships going down, all on account of the weatherand though we'll drown there's no need to frown, cause we're all going together'"
"now how could i opt out of this, the sweet bliss of nothingness."
holy eff it's rainin' our god is an awesome god etc.
"why you so crazy, world?"
"""i'm not suicidal, i just can't get out of bed'finally back to cowtown, as exciting as that is."
"'so change your name, just keep your face, we're temporary anyway'finally set up in vancouverland.fifteen hour bus ride? yesplease."
mouthful of blood. happy daze.
kinda forgot today was the last day. fackkk.
"keep wearing that smile darling, the people just might look."
all the build up and no payoff. good job team me.
"no no no, no no no no, no no. no."
i love living in a world where anything even slightly 'abnormal' is considered a disease.
"'open my eyes and close them dead, around it goes and here it comes again.' content."
"'oh woe is he, unable to see'"
be open to the possibility that you're a bad person.
cut the losses and leave them in the dust.
"welcome back, <propmale> high angst."
oh look i fell down.
"violent colors blending and blurringhappy daze"
decisively indecisive.
"you can always be the winner, if you happen to be a good liar."
"but it just isn't our luckso this is where i standmy never."
"no sleep for the weary, so we'll just lay, listening to the cars and near praying; this empty room shall swallow us, head to soul."
'we taught the mirror how to admire itself'
"""i'm the kind of guy who just cannot help himself, it shouldn't shock you that i don't know how to feel"" if a single word were to be removed from the english language, i'd make it 'almost'."
keep spinning and watch the colors fly on by
'and i could only dream of you and sleep'
right as red rain.
'the easiest way to be happy is to be ignorant.'
"eyes wide, red skies~"
"oh man thanks for all the birthday wishes, y'all crazy folk  laugh "
i wish i knew how to hate you.
twenty-seven full albums of glorious progressiveness < 3
i giggle like a schoolgirl.
"""we are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us."""
"a question for all them pure math 20 kids: exam is friday at 9, y/n?"
i too can prove pretty much any assertion i please if i don't count all the evidence that contradicts it.
<propfemale> hanchar is the best at making pancakes ever.
new record! consecutive hours vomited: 4.5!
"what's that, no more loud people who i don't particularly like?  laugh d  (trip was still pretty awesome)"
dat jewfro :i
i am wearing a snuggie
:i
