139
e068f5b5c8f3dc5afe97d2f457de734b
19
-
listening to music........wonders what is going to happen next...
just saw year one
"fed the calf, ran with him, has a few more things to do on the list, is gonna read, relax, have fun, and then go to thespian meeting and show choir  laugh "
just sitting around...has piano at 3 smile 0
"just got senior pics taken in little rock, ar!"
eh...i guess life goes on...  annoyed 
...angry...wants to get away
is eating chocolate pudding...
finds it funny how people change over a long or short period of time...but they're still judged on what they did or didn't do and who they were or were not in the past....
is going to change for the better
is kinda bored but prolly getting off <propfemale> text the cell  smile  618-550-5929
has voice at 2 smile 0 and then gets to do laundry...
just went fishing with my dad...now listening to music and enjoying the silence  joyful 
"...today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you, by now you should have somehow realized what you gotta do..."
"is singing ...don't stop never give up, hold your head high and reach the top, let the world see what you have got, bring it all back to you...lol"
is home .... bored
let's see...ummm...hates writing essays to begin with and really hates boring topics...stuck on college essay for applying...  annoyed 
excited for arkansas on thursday!!...listening to music!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
is home alone with her sisters....yay....  annoyed 
watching the knowing....one more poster to detail!!! woohoo!!  laugh 
just got some of her senior pics taken!
"is worn out...ready for school, happy about choices i've made, but sort of nervous at the same time..."
oi...hates drama...why can't everyone just get along...and absolutely hates truth/honesty box...people need to confront others instead of use something so that the person doesn't know it was them...sometimes the internet is a great thing...but not so much
is going to arkansas!!  smile 
finds it funny how people change over a period of time...but they're still judged on what they did or who they were in the past...
is excited for play practice to begin monday!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
is in indianapolis. going to the zoo tomorrow then home...
...sleep sounds amazing
is really tired...soo excited for play tomorrow  laugh   laugh 
"is in toledo, oh...not sure on what we are doing tomorrow but it is either to mo-town, cedar point, or the ford museum.. joyful "
just watched push and really likes it   smile 
is tired...has voice lessons tomorrow  laugh 
just finished reading tuesdays with morrie by <propmale> albom and would recommend it to everyone to read...
is home alone with the sisters....  annoyed  ....
just got back from feeding the calf...put <propfirst> in the trunk to bring him back home...stuck on my essay
is kinda down...meh...maybe i'm just worn out
cleaned out my car..
practice was good...kinda sore
...wants to read my book...bored
had fun at granpa's house...took pics with renee...don't want to go to school tomorrow...  annoyed 
"is ready to chill with the relatives tomorrow at grandpa's house  laugh ...still needs to finish my essay  annoyed ...absolutely hates that as time goes on, those you were once close to get torn away  sad ...kinda bummed about that"
going to <propmale> to get more school things...
leaving for cedar point and the ford museum today  laugh 
is home...tired...etc. going shopping with <propfemale> and <propfemale> tomorrow
"has a headache...thinking about tomorrow...school, play practice, sing national anthem, football game?, <propfemale> with <propfemale>, homework???...bleh"
is home from shopping...text me  laugh 
eh...not sure what's on my mind...probably too much to even narrow it down  annoyed 
is kinda tired and not feeling too great after riding rides at the fair... annoyed 
is going to calhoun for the show choir performance...has a few more things to do for homework
is bored and a little tired...but listening to music and enjoying life  laugh 
hmmm...will probably always be excited for play practice.  laugh  hopes kem and i can go <propfemale> with friends tomorrow night...
boredom sucks...but i'm makin' the best of it. lol.
umm...sister's phone is missing...and i don't want to go to school tomorrow  annoyed 
whoo hoo...5 smile 0am is amazing...not really. but oh well lol...off to eat breakfast before productions all day...has an essay to finish
is ready to chill with the relatives tomorrow at grandpa's house  laugh ...still needs to finish my essay  annoyed 
first day was ok...but would have been better if i didn't have to hear the same things from every teacher in each class
is thinking that fame is amazing!!!
heading for bed...wondering what tomorrow will be like...merr
has one of the worst head aches ever....
feels like i'm in slow motion as this world spins madly on....  annoyed 
is taking it easy...going to a hayride tonight...woohoo
finished my essay...thinks bosomworth will laugh at how bad it is...trying to destress...
is hanging with christie...excited for play!!!  laugh 
feeling a little better about myself since i found out i got a 98% on my essay in bosomworth's class
having a grand old time with life....ready for this week to be over
had fun performing the sneak preview...need to do law homework...
musical auditions...  annoyed 
thinks people should check out the band the skylife ...they're pretty amazing in my opinion. lol
glad tomorrow is a day off...procrastinating with the homework
"one of my new favorite quotes...""one great, strong, unselfish soul in every community could actually redeem the world."""
"you've gotta swim, swim for your life..swim for the music that saves you when you're not so sure you'll survive...you gotta swim and swim when it hurts...the whole world is watching..you haven't come this far to fall of the earth..."
is having an ok day...a little bored..might draw as much as i can to think over some things and de-stress...
well..tonight was somewhat entertaining i guess...ready for the weekend...
auditioned for imea today...going to see fame!!!
"wishing has definitely not been successful for me so i might as well quit wishing and attack whatever is thrown at me...but here's my one last wish, i wish people would just tell me what they don't like about me and confront me to my face instead of saying things to others...i promise that i can take the heat...but i know this will probably never happen"
"..sometimes in our lives, we all have pain, we all have sorrow...but if we are wise, we know that there's always tomorrow...  smile "
...sing us a song your'e the piano man...sing us a song tonight...well we're all in the mood for a melody...and you've got us feeling all right...  laugh 
i guess musical auditions have been going well...ready for christmas vacation
working on my essay...wondering how long a nightingale sleeps...hmmm  annoyed 
"is singing...""you with the sad eyes...don't be discouraged. oh i realize it's hard to take courage in a world full of people..you can lose sight of it all. and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small..but i see your true colors shining through...i see your true colors, and that's why i love you...so don't be afraid to let them show your true colors...true colors are beautiful like the rainbow.."""
sitting at home doing nothing whatsoever...woohoo  annoyed 
is nervous about accompanying... bleh...  annoyed 
...what do you say to taking chances? what do you say to jumping off the edge?...
lol. well...that last status update wasn't from me. it was actually from my sister  annoyed  too bad i have no soul and don't cry at movies
likes blueberry-pomegranate gatorade  laugh 
"you've gotta swim, swim for your life..swim for the music that saves you when you're not so sure you'll survive...you gotta swim and swim when it hurts...the whole world is watching..you haven't come this far to fall of the earth..."
"yes still...i still believe, i know as long as i can keep believing, i'll live...i'll live...love cannot die..."
is caught up in life...it needs to slow down some
is pretty ecstatic right now!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"""...so i'm supposed to think a certain way.  i'm supposed to have certain opinions.  i don't do that.  you don't create a box and put people in and then make a lot of generalizations about them..."""
is feeling somewhat better  laugh  is on movie overload haha  laugh  so many movies to watch...good thing it is winter break!!!
not feeling good at all.... hope everyone has a great christmas...i might not if i feel like this or even worse tomorrow  sad 
has an awesome new boyfriend. ?
..loves getting texts and phone calls from people i don't even know...
is having fun in arkansas!!!
just cried my eyes out after watching the movie [the man without a face] ..... why do bad things happen to the best of us?
done with cleaning...probably going to draw and listen to music...or finish writing this scholarship essay  annoyed 
only wishes she had an awesome boyfriend...lol nice going <propfemale>
doesn't like going on driving adventures by myself...happy new years everyone  laugh  laugh 
thanks to all of you for the birthday wishes  laugh ....is thinking and listening to music  laugh 
excited for tomorrow and this week!!  laugh ...people will call me crazy but i'm completely ready for musical!...music completes my soul  laugh 
ah the fun of sitting at home...memorizing music...learning dance steps...playing piano...and singing.
going to straighten up the basement...may need a miracle to happen
listening to music  laugh  hopes it snows a lot more
is home  smile ....so tired of two people right now  angry 
finished my puzzle...but <propfemale> lost a piece that i have to search for now  sad 
exhausted from musical tonight...working harder to be the best is worth it though...bored right now...reading later?...  smile 
fate and life are funny things...you never know exactly where you may end up or what may come your way...but in the end it's your hard work and dedication that will get you places...hmmmm  annoyed 
is really excited that it is snowing  smile  dentist appointment tomorrow...maybe more shopping...and learning new songs on piano and vocals  laugh 
"so tired...school, tests, homework, musical til 10...  annoyed "
had a good night  laugh ...still stoked for monday and musical  laugh 
musical practice from 12-5...then haunted tour...then relaxing with some people  laugh 
chillaxin with <propfirst> b.  smile 
"bowling tournament today...really want to go, but after passing out at practice yesterday, i'm not sure i'm up to it completely...bleh...passing out sucks."
bored...but goofy at the same time lol  smile  missing people....
wondering why siblings have to be so annoying...
"had a blast today! loved playing in the snow...and wrestling...bahaha...now to finish this essay, read, relax, play piano, and learn more music...text me if ya want !  laugh "
in an extremely good mood  smile  chillin with meagan...talkin' to some people...saw avatar and loved it!...life is pretty amazing right now  laugh 
mmmm...oranges  smile  lol
nhs tonight...don't really wanna go...probably going to watch post grad tonight...listen to music...read??...idk yet lol. hope everyone has a nice evening  laugh 
"is singing...don't waste your time on me you're already, a voice inside my head..."
duet tonight  smile ....ready for tomorrow
"always remember to slow down in life; live, breathe, and learn; take a look around you whenever you have time and never forget everything and every person that has the least place within your heart."
3 <propfemale> essay due before 8:20 tomorrow...3 tests....a worksheet i still have to do...gah...running on a stress overload!!!  sad 
sang the national anthem...has a killer headache...really tired...bleh
ummm duh! it's snowing!?!? lol. chilling with <propfemale> and ryan...watched time traveler's wife...maybe going to watch zombieland...wondering if there will be school tomorrow...working on my essay...blah blah blah...story of my life at this moment.
"today, i'm gonna try a little harder, gonna make every minute last longer.gonna learn to forgive and forget,'cause we don't have long, gonna make the most of it. today, i'm gonna love my enemies, reach out to somebody who needs me. make a change, make the world a better place,'cause tomorrow could be one day too late"
going on a walk  laugh 
"piano, start research paper, do scholarships, finalize plans, listen to ipod, study...what a fun night this should be..."
listening to all-state honors and watching the videos on youtube...i had a blast there and miss being there and getting to work with talented people and an amazing director  annoyed 
"is singing...would you give it all up?could you give it all up? if i promise boy to you. that i'll never talk again, and i'll never love again. i'll never write a song, won't even sing along, i'll never love again...some men may follow me, but you choose ""death and company."" why you so speechless? oh oh oh..."
is hoping it will storm  laugh   laugh   laugh 
hopes everyone had a good easter...listening to music and possibly reading??
going on a college visit  smile 
"homework, studying, and music...what a way to spend the weekend."
"the question i have is...in a world full of conformists, do you take the easy way and succumb to what everyone wants you to be or do you take the toughest route and fight to be who you are and want to be?  this may be the greatest question i have for life and myself because either way i look at it, i can't help but wonder if you can truly be happy either way..."
gave the puppy a bath and just chilling to music  laugh 
"choir concert, homework, scholarships...maybe a walk later? hmm...undecided."
"...drama, drama, drama, drama, school, piano, homework, music, relax, and drama starts over again...here is a clue: it gets old fast..."
"is eating my juice box with a spoon because it is so cold...chilling with <propfemale> cunningham , <propfemale> <propfemale> , and <propfirst> kean as we wait for our final..."
ready or not....here i go...
"and all, all, all of my light is for you..and home, home's anywhere you are too. so take this one fallen man on his knees..saying please forgive me...and i was on shakey land. lost and unsure i opened my handand she held it like sinking sand"
only when you have found those people you can be completely insane around have you found your true friends  laugh 
"""...but so many people are looking to me to be strong and to fight but im just surviving i may be weak but im never defeated and ill keep believing in clouds with that sweet silver lining..."""
loves the rain  laugh  finished with my paper...need to revise it all day tomorrow...have to study for calculus exam wednesday and finish a scholarship that is due friday  annoyed ...oh yeah...i have a speech too...
learning accompaniment to songs...in love with <propfemale> higgins music  laugh ...and working on scholarships...
freshman orientation tomorrow and saturday...a bit nervous but yet a bit excited!  laugh 
women crack me up...especially my friends and sisters when it comes to cute guys or good-looking actors. bahaha. oh good times!  laugh 
got back from the silver medallion dinner...going to listen to music in my room and write my paper.
"tomorrow is my last day of school at jchs!!!, finished printing off prom pics for my album, listening to music, and breathing a sigh of relief  smile "
have to clean out my car and do scholarships today...
chilling with <propfirst>
"and when the sky is falling, don't look outside the window. step back and hear i'm calling. give up, don't take the fast road. it's just your doubt that binds you. just drop those thoughts behind you now. change your mind. you let go too soon."
"honors banquet, study for botany test, memorize play, get props together, and i feel like there is more i have to do within the next 5 or so hours...gah! overwhelmed...  annoyed "
"well...fml is the first thing that comes to mind right now...phone is broken (maybe according to <propfemale>), not sure how contest went with chorale, etc etc..but at least i get to be with my friends who are attempting to make me feel better...it's sort of working  smile ...btw <propfemale> is amazing for having a computer with her love ya!"
well...i don't really know right now...listen to ipod? draw? i'm not exactly sure what to do..
babysat today  smile  kinda tired...gonna relax to music! text if ya want to  smile 
"graduation party today, music, and relaxing is what i'm thinking about. maybe play some piano before i get too busy  smile "
"...there's a time to pray and there's a time to fight, anything can be a weapon if you're holding it right, defend what is yours, they will not take our souls, it's time now to rise and fight!..."
"bah!! the ap calc test was killer this morning! but at least it is over...now to scholarships, speeches, worksheets, and other tests before school is out  laugh "
"sometimes...you just can't help but wondering if things would be different if you were mute, deaf, or blind...because then you wouldn't have to worry about people twisting your words, hearing them yell or hurt others, and you would never have to see those you care about in pain or things fade into black and white...it's just one of those nights and moods  annoyed "
looking at roommate options and backing up music...had a good day  smile 
had fun at prom lastnight...don't know what i will do today
took the dog out...have to do homework...listening to music...cards game tomorrow...write a speech...study for the calculus exam  annoyed ...
"""...if you could read my mind you might see more of me than meets the eye and you've been all wrong not who you think i am you've never given me a chance..and you don't know how it feels to be your own best friend on the outside looking in.."""
piano recital today then graduation tomorrow
home from orientation and had fun  smile  the cardinals won! now to listen to music and draw...maybe...not sure yet. if you want to chat just e-mail or text me  smile 
just got done cutting spinach for the last 2 hours..fun times. now to just relax and listen to music  smile 
"...lost in a moment when it's only me and you. there is no other place i'd rather be but here, and those are only times that make the world disappear..."
is thinking i need to step out of my comfort zone and be more outgoing...not really sure how to do that though....anyone have suggestions??
graduation  smile  a few parties...then sleep  smile 
"i knew this day would come to end, so let this life begin...why give up, why give in?it's not enough, it never is so i will go on until the end. we've become desolate, it's not enough, it never is, but i will go on until the end..."
"four big games of volleyball with relatives, hanging out, playing in the rain, and just talking...had a fun day!  smile "
had to <propmale> calves back into the fence...oh the joy of living on a farm  playful  lol
"this girl has got stronger and if i knew then what i know now i would have told myself don't worry any longer it's ok...'cause a face without freckles is like a sky without stars. why waste a second not loving who you are? those little imperfections make you beautiful, lovable, valuable,they show your personality inside your heart reflecting who you are."
"is feelin like a squirrel. oh yeah, that's cause i am!"
"""who is to say what is proper? if it were proper to wear a codfish on your head would you do it?"""
"..i can climb through the clouds far away from my doubt, that would be so amazing. feel the sun on my face, such a beautiful place, yeah i know that it's waiting. skating safe...encouraging with faith. cuz hope has wings to <propfemale> you. anything is possible. just might be a miracle waiting to come true. so i lift my eyes and see the skies, feel my heart begin to fly. i will be carried by my dreams cuz hope has wings.."
"listening to music, chilling with my super awesome roomie <propfemale> cunningham , and messin around on facebook with the new laptop  smile "
"almost finished with my presentation, pretty much packed up, shopping with my roommate on wednesday....moving on thursday"
"and i just needed you to pick me up, like you did when we were younger. when the lightning and the thunder had me clinging to your heart. for someone to lift me up when i'm down and i'm forgotten. you'll forever be my father, and i'll be saving tears in jars for this one"
being sick isn't much fun at all...  annoyed 
"...i got more on my mind than i ever told, i got pain that you never felt. i got the scars, i can deal with it on my own. i've got stories that i'll never tell, but maybe it's just as well. cause you don't know me, you don't wanna know it's real, and i'm not sorry for who i am for what i feel, cause you don't know me..."
"highlights of today....read some of a book, started a puzzle, <propmale> out with relatives,and pushed the yukon out of a rut with <propfirst> trisler , <propfirst> maher , and <propfemale> <propfemale> maher....fun stuff.  smile "
"""who is to say what is proper? what if it was agreed that proper was wearing a codfish on your head, would you do it?"""
gona work on some more homework and then maybe watch a movie....
"happiness damn near destroys you, breaks your faith to pieces on the floor. so you tell yourself, that’s enough for now...happiness has a violent roar..."
"a <propfemale> for my thoughts, oh no i’ll sell them for a dollar. they're worth so much more after i’m a goner, and maybe then you’ll hear the words i been singin’. funny when you're dead how people start listenin’..."
"...i'm tired of sleeping,alone i've been grieving,the life that i gave up to feel alive, i want to feel alive..."
feels like i'm going to pass out  annoyed 
"i'm not your anchor, so don't hold on. i'm not the answer,you've got me wrong. i'm not your savior,save your energy. to find out who you are, yeah who you are without me. i'm not a mirror, look inside yourself. i'm not a hero, you know too well. i'm not your savio, save your energy"
"is thinking ""ice cream and cake and cake. ice cream and cake and cake. ice cream and cake to the ice cream and cake. ice cream and cake to the ice cream and cake..."" all thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale>"
"so many things that i should say if it even mattered anyway. the war has long been lost to sad souls that can't count the cost. but love is just an open flame, we burn ourselves just to feel the pain, no. when is it over now?"
"if god had a name, what would it be, and would you call it to his face. if you were faced with him in all his glory,what would you ask if you had just one question... what if god was one of us, just a slob like one of us, just a stranger on the bus,trying to make his way home..."
"...take me, this is all that i've got, this is all that i'm not, all that i'll ever be. i've got flaws, i've got faults keep searching for your heart. it doesn't matter who you are, we all have our scars..."
"...run fast for your mother; run fast for your father.run for your children all your sisters and brothers. leave all your love and your longing behind. you can't <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive.the dog days are over,the dog days are done.can you hear the horses,'cos here they come...."
"when you sit and find old cards and memories...sometimes you can't help but think about what you had, miss the people you <propmale> out with, and the pain you once felt then wonder why people change and if it is your fault that everything is different..."
"...is there anybody out there? am i swimming through this empty sea alone? am i looking for an answer? or am i trying to find a way to get back home? is there anybody out there? would you hear me if i screamed or if i cried? i am looking for an answer, and just trying to find a way to survive..."
"i'm a paint brush in a way. i'm simple, yeah, i'm plain. i'm colored all the same. i have meaning if you find it in yourself..."
"forgiving does not erase the bitter past. a healed memory is not a deleted memory. instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. we change the memory of our past into a hope for our future. -<propfirst> b. smede"
"cause when you die, well you die, so just live how you please because we are all alive and we're free. let not anyone claim forward thought paves mistakes cause they dressed us then left us alone..."
"...you've got to make a choice, if the music drowns you out, and raise your voice every single time they try and shut your mouth. sing it for the boys, sing it for the girls, every time that you lose it sing it for the world. sing it from the heart, sing it till you're nuts, sing it out for the ones that'll hate your guts. sing it for the deaf, sing it for the blind, sing about everyone that you left behind..."
"this world is like a trampoline, high and low no in between. jumping at the <propmale> to please everyone but thats not me..."
sleep with one ear close to the ground and wake up screaming. when we lay our cold weapons down we'll wake up dreaming...
<propfemale>  smile 
"dear chemistry,  once upon a time you were my favorite subject and i understood you.  now i still understand you, but i absolutely loathe you right now...."
"who are you to tell me that i'm less than what i should be? who are you? who are you? i don't need to listen to the list of things i should do. i won't try, no i won't try."
