142
f49956142aab2ad74decfd49a103c2f1
19
-
my head's been hurting and my vision's getting more blurry  i feel strange after eating that apple   
i might delete this thing at any minute  being this e playful osed makes me feel slightly uncomfortable 
"mom, the tv is updating itself  it literally stopped showing my show and said ""would you like to update now?"" and i said ""sure, why not  i'm not going to keep you old! say young and stay fresh!"""
????
i'm feeling better so far   the doctor gave me some nice meds and maybe i'll sleep tonight 
looking at this latest picture is making me want to braid my hair up again  it'd be a lot easier to deal with  what do you think?
i had a nightmare that a crazy <propfemale> claus was at the foot of my bed after he followed me from the treehouse hotel   scary!
http annoyed  www urlesque com 2009 12 28 hacked-stop-signs-photos ?ncid=webmaildl5
banana flavored tofu = excellent smoothies! get this at winco people!
i guess people sometimes forget that it takes all types to make the world go round  some become great and mighty while others live fairly humble lives  it is those that live those humble lives that get to have better sleep at night though   ecclesiastes 5:12
"monotone love is a-ok but multi-colored love is just as beautiful  ( <propfemale> <propmale> yes, i am ""down with the swirl"" lol)"
i'm hungry for some arby's  i got coupons!
i don't know why you all like me   i'm a pretty boring person  a tree surrounded by birds of flight 
is it weird that i can't remember how old i am?
what's the best way to describe the difference between humidity and dry heat? i've always thought of humidity like you stepping out of a hot shower while dry heat would be like a hot oven you just opened up  is there a better way to describe this?
nbc is going to axe leno's hour-long show! http annoyed  www popeater com 2010 01 10 nbc-cancels-jay-leno-show ?ncid=webmaildl2
"best scene ever! (if you don't like silly things, don't watch!) http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ao11whktfg8"
i just made some super yummo chili! the secret: chorizo!
"how did we meet?? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase to your profile! you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that though, answer for me    please participate!!"
i'm making dinner before i go to the meating  it should be yummerific!
i feel a lot better now  i studied for 2 hours this   morning?   and i will apply what i've learned from it  i'll need some help but that's why most of you are witnesses and not weasels  no (unneccesary) shrinkage! (hebrews 10 smile 9)
coollness: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=euhzcbz_-s8&feature=related
well it's officially an el niño year people! be prepared! our rain will become your snow soon enough!
what do you want to know about me? ask me anything and (maybe) i'll answer it 
"have you ever watched ""cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs""? it's the best!"
i wish i ate more crab lesg at the buffet   
my head hurts  i haven't been eating regular meals  maybe that's why my head's been hurting all week  eat well people!
okay facebook peoples    i need 2 more neighbors for farmville  any takers? i'm very generous with the free digital gifts!
omg! i am watching extreme makeover: this woman tries to be generous towards others that don't have much and now what she has is being taken away  someone scammed her big time and her house is on the city's demo list  thank goodness for <propmale> pennington's crew!
i'm hungry! i guess it's time for <propmale> taco!
"dear friends, i've just seen a report on ktla news regarding the use of celebrity pictures for the recent ""who-do-you-look-like"" event that apparently swept across facebook  it's illegal for us to use their pictures unless we bought them or took them with our own cameras "
"it's brother sister week!!!!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother, sister or both! picture can be from when you were young or a current one! copy and paste this, and let's see how many people love their siblings"
my mom told me that the medicine that <propfirst> <propmale>'s doctor gave him was designed to stop people from breathing  it's what they use when they want to stick a tube down your throat  she theorizes that he probably gave <propfirst> small doses at a time and that they gradually built up in his system 
this lasagna is salty 
looking for a job? here's an article about companies that are hiring: http annoyed  jobs aol com articles photos top-10-companies-hiring-now 1469950 ?ncid=webmaildl4
"if prom in moreno valley was like this, i think the kids out here would be a lot less jaded  the video is like an hour long so if you've got some time to kill, watch the whole thing: http annoyed  www snagfilms com films title the_worlds_best_prom "
 sad 
"i'm not feeling so happy now  it's lonely here at home, even though i'm techically not by myself   shouldn't facebook have a spell-check?"
birthdays suck 
that dude from moval did really well last night  he went to the next round on american idol 
how was the sunday meeting? what was the talk about? any interesting comments? (i couldn't go    i was taking care of a sick puppy)
my heart wants one thing but i've got a headache! i'm feeling a little dejected and i can't go anywhere 
why is <propmale> <propfirst> claiming that jesus was gay?
my back is itching like crazy! psoriosis must be kicking in   or i need to change soaps!
i want to be loved   who loves me? why? i'm gonna eat some ice cream now 
i am watching good hair y'all! who wants to come over my house? bring some snacks!
good article about walkill   just don't read the comments at the end  lol http annoyed  www strausnews com articles 2010 02 17 warwick_advertiser news 3 txt
it's 2 twenty-two; i'm all pooped out and i need some fries 
i feel like weeping   and eating some cheese 
i haven't been feeling well today   i've been real tired for some reason  now my throat feels scratchy   such a complainer
what do you do when you feel like there's no one for you to be around with?
has anyone ever had a shamrock shake?
"listening to ""colonized mind"" - super cool song! we need the new system real bad y'all; bro  <propmale> sings about this "
"i went for a walk today  i walked about 2 <propmale>  towards the end, my phone died  i had to walk in silence  it took about an hour, including small breaks to change the music up  i will have to do that again "
it's not easy being green; it's really hard being blue 
i'm a little tired of these political ads  they're stupid 
i'm feeling sickly now 
my throat hurts a little  sinus infections hurt my heart 
"ok   since we'll all be babies, i'll be one too!"
"what's the name up that kid that has to take a breath when he talks on ""<propmale> in the middle""?"
my stomach hurts real bad!
downloading free apps for my phone   nothing else to do   really tired   
"""joy is but the shadow pain casts "" -- the simpsons "
i'm getting ready for the campaign! who wants to be my partner tomorrow?
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood     next line!
where can i buy an olympic medal?
"today's game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence   memphis, tn"
what is <propmale> pratt's problem? why is he beefing with <propmale> roker? how did that happen?
<propfemale> smash!
you know what? we should all scan pictures of ourselves from when we were little kids and have that as our avatar for the week! whatdoyasay?
it taks a long time to convert all my music to aac   it'll be worth it though!
<propfemale> in the field of the <propmale> <propmale>  doesn't that sound like a good meaning for a girl's name?
doggone it! i forgot to change the clocks! instead of waking up at 7 smile 0 i woke up at 8 smile 0!
i'm watching a documentary on nat geo about sperm  no joke  everything works against sperm  we're all fortunate to be born 
fix the roof before it rains in the monkey's house!
i just made spaghetti and peanut butter cookies  come and get some mom!
"why is poking such a formal affair   ""you are about to poke <propfemale> <propmale>   you have poked <propfemale> <propmale>"" i feel like it's a poking butler  lol"
"i'm really upset now   just filed my taxes and i'm barely getting anything back and somehow i owe the state $13  it's so stupid because the little ""tax break"" meant diddly-squat to me and i feel cheated "
"to prep for summertime toes i've been rubbing my feet down with lotion and vasoline  needless to say, i had some ashy feet!"
today i fulfilled a life long dream: i bought a cool hello <propfemale> shirt in my size!  smile 
earthquake!!! where was the epicenter? who else felt it?
the watchtower lesson today was really uplifting and encouraging! who else agrees with me?
it's electric! boogie-woogie-woogie!
who wears padded underpants? uhn!
stop flipping people off just because they aren't lakers fans! *does best <propmale> dynamite impersonation ever!* gosh!
brothers and sisters: are you practicing for the 30th?
did you know that you can hide people from popping up on your news feed?
"apple, stop following meeee!"
cheesecake isn't cake!!
why won't anybody bake me a cake? or massage my feet? my cat can't do that; she'll get fur everywhere!
"how did we meet? ""don't get loud with me, sir!"""
just downloaded a lot of spiritual food onto my phone   i feel happy   and hungry!
"i love those oldish houses   like i want an oldish chicago house but it can't be in chicago  when i think of chicago, i think of the city as being in your face  i don't your *city* in my face! i need to have a quick and easy option of visiting the city but not actually being a city citizen  i need to urban-suburban ala north hollywood lol"
there's a glass of water on my windowsill   that would be fine if i knew who put it there   freaky!
"raisin bran, smart start, fresh strawberries, banana and soy milk  possibly the healthiest thing i've eaten all week "
stupid spray! she's afraid of one <propfemale> and decides to drown me in insect spray instead! now i can hardly breathe!
i need a pedicure! where's a good place to go besides walmart? lbvs
omg! that watermelon was sooo good! never underestimate the watermelons at the 99 cents only store!!!
why do we somehow end up taking photos of ourselves on our cell phones in the bathroom?
i ate pizza for dinner   my tum tum hurts now  no more spicy food for meeeeee 
my chicken is cooking!
idontfeelsogood   
"3 new blouses : $10car wash: $6debarge songs for the car ride: $4watchtower and awake aacs: freea 3-day weekend in a spiritual paradise: priceless!"
3 of my gummy bears were stuck together   i guess they were triamese bears   my mom surgically separated them   then she ate them lol
would it be appropriate to go to <propfirst>'s after the memorial   cuz i think i want to   but everyone has to go to work on wednesday   so i'll be alone   maybe not?
i think i have stopped freaking out   for now anyway!
cracked pepper and <propfemale> oil triscuit crackers   so good it hurts!
feeling down again   i'm unhappy with my life but don't know how to change its mediocrity   *sigh*
"if you've been dizzy, warm and had a headache for a few hours, what's wrong with you?"
"standard brake service = $126brake system flush = $50lunch = $6peace of mind = priceless(brake service rebate = dinner lol)"
i'm watching black to the future! love it! vh1 always brings it!
do you need a new animal in your life? take my dog! he freeeee! http annoyed  inlandempire craigslist org pet 1662920349 html
   is listening to some slow jams to calm herself down after an eventful evening   smile 
i just received some sad news  brother <propfirst> balliger passed away  he was a co-worker of mine and some of you probably remember him as a teacher at valley view   i do not have any additional details about it at this time  please do not hesitate to send your condolences and prayers to his family 
argh! it stopped aching and now it itches! when will i be healed?!?!?
"has anybody seen that movie ""cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs""? it was hilarious!"
"universal studios is having a job fair for tour guides today  so if you think you could do that, get down there!"
it's hot and i feel strange   
that was a strong earthquake   6 9 centered in mexicali   people in phoenix and needles said that they felt it! time to get my <propfemale> ready    just need some cash!
text messages between people that use your cell phone company should be free just like the minutes 
darkness gives way to the light every time  it cannot  and will not be hidden forever  do nothing to be ashamed of and you'll have no reason to feel shame 
why did <propfemale> and spinner get married on degrassi just now?
the time left is reduced but it ain't over just yet   time to get this body in motion 
"up, up, down, down, up, up, up, up"
i got my pictures back today!
real love: my mom bought me a tomato plant  real love 
i feel like crawling inside myself and ripping my self-doubt to shreds 
i once called a baby a little ham for all the attention she was getting and she just smiled and ate it up  then i called her a ham sandwich and she gave me a weird look 
argh! i do not wanna go to work tomorrow!! oh well   i'll be off in a week anyway  ya'll need to work for a school and get in on all those sweet vacation days lol
taking a brain break   i almost fell asleep!
put your hands together for mr  <propfirst> watson! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nhrerlem2ee
"i've just learned how to block applications   goodbye annoying ""photo of the day""!"
has anyone ever heard of a coconut milk and lime juice hair relaxer? i think i'll try it once i'm tired of my twists 
"jack-in-the-box is giving out free small orders of fries this friday, april 16th   pass it on!"
"ok, i'm watching the great debate round 3 and they're debating butts  who has the better bootie: jlo or beyonce?"
who is better: <propfirst> or sonic?
i'm gonna miss my co's visit!  sad (
proverb of the day: be happy with what you've got 
is it weird when my dog licks the leather sofa?
um   i'm not liking how you can compare other people's friendships and see all the stuff that they have in common on one page   isn't that invasive?
"chinese food, root beer and a $5 dvd of cosby show episodes: sounds like a plan!"
"if blood is thicker than water, jah's holy spirit is thicker than blood  i need more connections through that spirit now more than ever  care to join me?"
how many of you would go to their 10 year high school reunion?
"well, now i know why i was so itchy!"
"so many americans are attached to the ""good ole' red-white-and-blue""   aren't there other countries that use those same colors? that's what i've always wondered "
watching part one   loving it   where's my book !?!?!?
the karate kid remake is coming out june 11th  i guess i know what i'll be doing on my furlough day 
"if you and your friend were romantically interested in the same person, would you pursue a relationship or would you let your friend do that? why or why not?"
why? why won't it stop? why does it do this to me? make it stop! make it stop!
so tired 
"my mom and her friend were working very hard chopping down tree limbs, so i made a good dinner for them   does anyone know someone that needs tree limbs  dry them out and have some firewood this winter "
"could things get any worse? my glass broke, my knee is stiff and my laptop overheats!  sad "
i think i'm gonna lose my voice   little daggers stabbing my neck   bronchitis? i think not!
i'm old and i'm alone 
i made gumbo for the first time   seems to be good-tasting 
what's better: pacman or donkey kong?
who is stronger: an enraged thing or a relaxed hulk?
"is it strange not to believe that ""love conquers all""?"
being single is lonesome at times   a good portion of the time   most of the time   no some of the time   i've just gotta find something to do with all this time!
"cloverleaf industries: the reason for california's jacked-up freewayshttp annoyed  www empireonline com features evil-movie-corporations 6 asp"
"i think it's best for me to get used to the idea of being single  if it happens, it'll happen  but why spend so much time worrying about something that i can't really control, especially when we're in the last days and so many people need the truth? i'll give up control and hand it over to jah  he'll let me know what to do and where to go "
why won't <propmale> get hip replacement surgery? it can be done without blood transfusions   maybe he's afraid of hospitals?
"things didn't go as e playful ected   my little sister is going in for her c-section in about an hour (mom says a 1 2 hour)  please send <propmale> and <propfirst> your love, support and prayers! {please also send some xanax to a very worried big sister and auntie}"
"in every way we recommend ourselves as god’s ministers,    by truthful speech  —2cor  6:4,7 "
kewlness   i found a website that'll show one of my fav korean dramas for free! victory for me!!!
"watching ""run my renovation"" on the diy network   what is <propfemale> doing being a carpenter lol?!?!? isn't she a model?!?!"
why is everyone sooo excited about the lakers? it's just a game! it's not like   farmville or anything!
chicken curry tonight  need more rice!!!
do you like my eye?
"i'm trying to figure the cousin thing out    tab and i are first cousins because we have the same grandma  but me and her kids are 1st cousins once-removed because their great-grandma is my grandma  but if i have kids, tab's kids and my kids would be 2nd cousins because they have the same great-grandma   "
is it wrong to dance and sing everytime that baskin robbins commerical comes on?
<propfemale> wars or <propfemale> trek? i'm choosing the trek!
wipeout is on west coast!!! turn to channel 7 and laugh at peope as they fall in the water!!!!
"""hated it!"""
i wanna learn how to make granola   
the name of one of the middle schools that i attended: utt  don't laugh cuz' it was a cool place to be 
i'm so hungry!!! why!!!????!!!!
"when it comes to love, don't play games  be honest and straightforward  don't be a tease!"
you know the economy is bad when:
is it strange to feel shy around people you've known for years? i've been in my congregation since 2002 2003 and i still get a little nervous talking to the brothers after the meeting 
who wants to work with me in the ministry next saturday and or sunday? i don't have any calls and sometimes i can't remember to ask on thursday so   i need a partner!
yesterday a kid was in the office all day for breaking dress code  he didn't understand why he couldn't wear backless sandals in the summer   but he was wearing black socks with black sandals   yeah 
i'm tired of these spiders falling on me from the sky   
"when i look in the mirror sometimes, i don't see a grown woman at the brink of the new world   i see the a little girl playing dress up who doesn't know what she's doing   i feel like i'm not exactly an adult yet  is that weird?"
who wants a deep fried hot dog with bacon and sauerkraut?
<propfemale> jones on the ipod + hospital binky = baby narcotic!
never underestimate the power of a well-placed song in your life 
i found an interesting  store in the mall   it sells books   for a dollar a piece!!!
how do control your emotions? sometimes i feel like they are controling me   
"19 down, 13 more to go!!"
argh! i wake up 40 minutes early and my nose has been running a mile a minute!
"i think there's something wrong with me  if jehovah keeps our tears in a bottle, then mine must be bursting at the seams!"
"i don't know if i should be cryin' or laughin'   i come up on a yellow light and speedster in his truck comes up short on my bumper  he's pissed cuz i didn't turn right away so when i do turn he decides that he's going to ""teach me a lesson""  speedster speeds in front of me, cuts me off, runs a red light while flipping me off at the same time   smh"
the clippers must really suck  i just asked someone about them and she didn't even know who they were!
summer's almost here  the kids anticipate it with longing hearts    but the adults that work at local schools are the ones that are really counting the minutes!
earthquakes make me hungry: time for cherrios lol
taco <propfemale> = mexican-ish food for stoners   
"""what do you want, <propfirst>?"""
"is it strange that when i hear myself think, i speak with a southern accent? has anyone noticed a slight southern accent when i talk? i don't do it on purpose!"
i did something wild today  guess what it is 
maybe tomorrow i'll make some fideo   
"ok, <propmale> jobs needs to hook me up with a new background and i'll be super happy!"
so is the game over??
"there's been postings on fb regarding poisonous perfumes, diapers and lotions in the mail and the government hiding it all  i looked on snopes com ( a super reliable source of info for urban myths) and found this to be false  cheack this out for yourself at http annoyed  www snopes com rumors perfume asp"
taking the plunge   updating to os4 on my phone 
employee of the month!!!!
the zygote has been upgrated to embryo! <propmale> is at 9 weeks!  smile  she needs to hurry up and hatch my baby! lmbo!
"i wanted to whet my appetite and i received more encouragement and knowledge than i could ever have dreamed of  brothers, let's find a way to apply all that good info and eagerly await more spiritual food tomorrow  i'm <propfemale> geeked up i'm going to have a hard time sleeping!"
"taking a not so leisurely stroll through the neighborhood, i'll be done in about an hour"
i've been praying and working towards those prayers  we'll see what happens tomorrow! i'm ready for a good weekend of spiritual food and (hopefully) making more friends 
omg! stupid fox news! i now know who wins artist of the year!
"quote of the day:twilight, a young woman's choice between necrophilia and bestiality!!(thanks, <propmale>)"
"ok   there was some strange meowing in the living room   i go to check on <propfemale> and she's not there  i turn on the light and there's this scrappy, black kitten on the sofa  what the heck!"
nothing like a strawberry shake to comfort you in the middle of a thunderstorm!
"i'm at work and a guy comes to sign someone out saying ""i think her water broke   "" i've been dizzy ever since!"
"have i confused you? truth is, i've always wanted to do this  it's a lot cheaper to do it on fb than in real life  so don't get real confused, y'all  just fulfilling a dream i've had for 12 years "
"if you're tired of playing a particular game, go to the game's fb <propfemale> and on the left hand side of the screen, click ""remove application""  (it'll ask for an optional rating )"
"<propmale> 17:99 the heart[ is] deceitful above all[ things], and desperately wicked: who can know it? never let your heart be in charge!"
earthquake!
i'm so tired i could scream!
watching <propfirst>'s day   it's a cute movie!
is it just me or does everyone that works in an opthamologist's office wear glasses?
rue mcclanahan died today    we must protect <propfemale> white at all costs!
can't sleep  too hot  worried about work  so tired 
i was driving home and saw some smoke; a neighbor's fence was on fire today  i called 911 because it didn't seem like anyone was at home   they put the fire out  that's my good deed for the day 
"coupon for panda e playful ress! no purchase necessary!http annoyed  www pandae playful ress com webzine tcc2010 images tcc_ecoupon_071410 jpg"
would it be worth the trouble to change my last name from <propmale> to phillips?
i want a 3 tiered cake in the shape of giant oreo cookies 
uuh   bridezilla marathon  funny and infuriating at the same time 
proverb of the day: be balanced in life  put priorities in the right place and don't forget to have fun!
ahh! my ankle hurts!
"watching documentary about credit crisis   i don't think i wanna buy a house, car or even go to college anymore   the simple life is calling out to me "
ohhh my back hurts so badly! why meeee!
i've never been to the circus 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is not my lover! she's just a girl who thinks that i am the one -- but the chair is not my size!
"""whose line is it anyway"" is on right now   abc family"
i'm bored   who wants to go to walmart?
"i'm a pretty boring person, aren't i?"
"so tired   gotta make dinner soon  pasta, salad, wine, deep soak in tub, sleep!!!"
my bus is coming   and my back hurts!  sad 
my head hurts   but why? it's been two hours and this pain is annoying!
what is fun about getting drunk? i don't see the allure   
what's my last name?
i want some strawberry cheesecake   
black to the future is on! yes!!!
<propfemale> phillips you ruiner of phones! my wifi might never work again! curse jailbreaking!!! argh!  playful 
famous footwear has a coupon on facebook = $10 off a purchase of $10 or more!!! go get some socks people!
my car is really clean now   except for the floors  i need a vacuum 
"#333 how do i love thee   let me count the ways   one-one thousand, tw surprise ne thousand, three-one thousand, four-one thousand, five-one thousand, six-one thousand   you have gone through a lot and have grown up in so many ways  i am proud to be a part of your personal universe!"
i feel so alone  i miss my family  i wish i was with them tonight;i will have to wait until sunday 
"wipe you shoes when you come in the house,woo hoo!someone just cleaned that floor!"
moderation and lady-like sips are the keys 
i've been abandoned for cigarette smoke and slot machines   
i can't sleep!!
a kid wrote his own note the other day   it said he was late due to morning sickness lol
are you tired of north always being up? go to maps google com and enable rotable maps! make east go any direction you like!
"<propmale> haanontario mills75% off entire storehigh heels with nike air insoles built in$171 shoes = $47awesome!!!"
i'm hanging out at <propfemale>'s house! doing nothing!  smile 
i want a six-foot tall gingerbread house 
i've got the electric tea kettle  i need tea at all hours of the day!  sad 
i'm watching pop-up video on vh1 classic  love it!
i wish i could get the cdrom on my iphone   sadness has entered my heart where happiness used to be located  sigh!
i need soup! stat!!
i feel like the piece of gum that's stuck on the bottom of your shoe   
i like to go to grocery stores and hug the marshmallows!
i feel ill   
"watching ""i didn't know i was pregnant""  what a trip! the girl was real sick and she ends up crashing her car  next thing she knows, she wakes up and the nurse says ""your daughter is healthy and beautiful""  what the heck!"
just finished an at home workout!  i feel somewhat refreshed and happy   especially since scrubs is on!
i like it on the floor but sometimes i like it on the dining table or on the desk in my room  isn't that normal though?
ouch! my finger!
ooooh! kimchee is soooo good!
"i got un-friended again! lol if i do something that pisses you off, just tell me that i pissed you off   i'm not as big of a jerk as you might think "
miley <propmale> is pitchy tonight    
is making cookies 
"i'm so grateful for timely reminders! now that my heart has received a spiritual tune-up, it's time to schedule a tune-up for my car  she's losing some mileage   "
i don't want much in life  i don't have an e playful ensive car; i shop for things on clearance  just give me the <propfemale> giraffe  i could use a <propfemale> giraffe in my life 
"i had a dream that i ate a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich and it was delicious  so the next day i decided to make that sandwich and it was terrible! --- that one dude from ""the office"""
i look and feel like a hot mess! where's that flat iron?!?!?
it's 5:25pm   and dark!
pokemon movies always make me wanna cry   they get so emotional!
happiness is   making your own ringtones from the awesome music that you've already got!
stop! hold up! ice cream and cake!
who wants to visit the state of <propmale> with me?
power outage   great   
<propfemale> aguilera is looking a bit thick!
"i'm sooo tired of this stuff on the news   i'm tired of political ads, celebrity nonsense and stupid acts of violence! it's time to push the reset button on this system of things!"
it's so cold!
pineapple e playful resss = no swimming on saturday!
how many jack-in-the-box restaurants are there in moval?
dancing up a sweat at my hermano's boda!
finished the iron man movies   i'm pretty sure thor will be in iron man 3!
it's not easy being green 
"if you read and concentrate on scriptures before you go to bed, will you have sweet dreams and a good morning the next day?"
good 
watching 20 20   this guy had an online relationship on facebook and he found out she wasn't real!!!
popsicles at midnight   i love being a grown-up sometimes!
is it better to be realistic or optimistic?
just made some super bomb curry chili! it's great!
"midnight haiku #1:magic fruit here nowi try to run from strange ghostspacman: iphone style   "
get your flu shot people! (i will be soon!!!)
"it is time to sleep   but so many cookies   dreams, people!"
sitting here in my comfy hospital bed   can i take this home with me? it's very convenient!
"you remember that sandwich in your school's cafeteria   weird dog food meat with long lumps, covered in barbecue sauce, stuck on a dried-out bun served with tator tots   that's the ancestor of the mcrib!"
4:44 am!
i'm afraid to drink soda because i'm afraid that the bubbles will make me float to the ceiling 
"the chorus of ""what a fool believes"" by the doobie brothers always scared me as a child  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vucmtlvixmg&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
jabberwokiez? cool!
watching the babies documentary   so interesting!!
have you ever used one of those blackhead cleaning strips for your nose? it looks really gross once you're done of it 
i was on the phone for about 20 minutes with a dear sister that i studied with over 10 years ago  in spite of her advanced age (she's almost 70 now!) she still tries to pioneer and had nothing but encouraging things to say  i feel so loved right now!
"she had style, she had flair, she was there! that's how she became the nanny!"
i miss my grandma!! i want to see her soon!
beyonce's preggers! it's all over the interwebs!
is it time to take a sledgehammer to my heart and let more love flow in and out?
so tired   but at least it's blow dried straight!
granola with soy milk   the best!
those exxxtra hot chettos are not that hot!
today i suck 
it's cold 
day 2 of winter vacation: sinus infection has me down and out   goody!
   is feeling sick!  sad 
"if a toy fits inside a toilet paper roll, it's too small for a child under 3 years of age "
i need a foot massage!
my mom wrote a text: happy new ear! lol someone needs some sleep!!
"movie rule of thumb: if <propmale> tucci is in the credits, it's a movie worth watching  no joke   i just adore this man; him and <propmale> goldblum  mmm   <propmale> goldblum "
my eye   why do you hurt so badly?
argh! my glass cracked!!!
bible reading has put me in a good mood 
the main screen on the iphone should rotate too 
why won't you buy me a gingerbread house?
my eye has been twitching for about 48 hours now  i probably need to sleep 
i've been eating cake and ice cream all week  no wonder i feel extra fat!
i've got cold feet 
i've got 4 new brothers and sisters to work out in the ministry with!
just made some bomb deep-dish pizza! the best part is that it's not full of grease!
   is sterlizing the bottles!
   wants to have a pumpkin smashing party real bad!
"the show ""whose line is it anyway?"" is on right now"
yes!! let the monthly vacation days begin!!
"i wanna go for walks after work but lately it's been getting dark by 5pm  should i strive to go out for walks after work or join the nice, warm gym down the street from my house?"
"maybe it's true, maybe it isn't   i'll wait for you, love  i will eagerly wait for my love to arrive "
my life isn't very satisfying   
that's me   always in the shadows of someone else's excellence   
"hmm   do i get in my car and go play in the snow or stay in my cozy bed all day? decisions, decisions   "
"denishia phillips, <propfemale> no'nonsense phillips, tay black-beauty beckom: why are y'all in the nursing field? (if i didn't name anyone else, i'm sorry for not being in-the-loop   )"
bring me some sunny-side eggs topped with some banana ketchup!
anisometropia 
don't tag me  i will remove it 
"today was a wonderful  i woke up, got in the shower and started looking for my keys  it took a while for me to find my keys, but i found them inside of a picture frame  then i took out the trash and i lost my job! how weird!!!"
i saw the google maps truck yesterday 
"watching the new year's thingie on tv; some people are wearing glasses that say ""2001"" -- i guess ""2011"" is hard to put on a set of glasses "
i know the secret of making checkerboard cookies   
smells like a skunk drowned in lemon pledge 
   is waiting for my nephew to come out!
"things that should be available year round:<propfemale> caneschocolate in heart-shaped boxespeeps in the shapes of hearts, snowmen and rabbitschocolate in the shapes of hearts, snowmen and rabbits   anything else?"
who wants to be my face-time friend?
i'm not paying $15 for a cardboard guitar!
"hey facebook peoples! what movies do you consider to be ""modern-day classics""? a ""modern-day classic"" movie would be something that was released between the 1990 and 2010 that one could easily relate to in future decades  it would be a movie that you'd always want to keep in your dvd collection and it'd be one that you could watch over-and-over again "
who framed <propmale> rabbit is on   a fond memory from my childhood   but they are cussing in it! how did that not get edited out?
<propfemale> couldn't be here to accept this award so it's mine now! love that!! lol
on fire!?!?!
ferrets are illegal in california 
"roflbo!! lady gaga ripped off of <propfemale> last night! listen to her new song then listen to ""e playful ress yourself"" by <propfemale> and you'll see what i mean!"
"ok   why did the guy who just sang ""i freakin' love glitter!"" sound the best so far tonight????"
   will be leaving in an hour for the induction! charging and packing items now!
4 yogurts for $1 at the 99¢ only store!
i'm hungry 
since when did church's chicken start selling tacos?
does anybody remember the weekenders?
national red day    that's why everyone on ktla is wearing my color!
must have ramen!! 17¢ a pack!!
"it takes a lot of effort to change your name, especially if you live in a state different from the one you were born in   am i doomed to be <propmale> forever?"
smh! some dude went to a school board meeting (in florida) and fired on board members   now he's dead! what is happening in people's minds today?
i don't wanna be your <propfirst>! you should love me every day of the millennium!
who wants to watch battle: los <propfemale>? it looks fierce!!  smile 
it's so cold outside and in my heart tonight 
i feel better now 
"i need some relatives out here please! the weather averages 70 degrees in february and you have the option of going either to the mountains or the beach or fishing and camping or gazing at the stars in hollywood  it's a big state   you'll never be bored   love  come and join us in california!!  love "
that's what the internet is all about: fat people doing stuff that no one else cares about 
"uhn! type in ""jehovah's witnesses"" in the netflix quick app and somehow ""cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs"" pops up! lol"
2010 burns my eyes like the strange fumes emanating from my fireplace 
i'm secretly a horrible person inside  don't let my sunny-face fool you 
who here remembers what a floppy disk looks like?
the color purple is on kcet   for some reason   
"i wish i had a warm, heated table to sit under in the winter "
is sitting in front of a roaring fireplace   should i have some vino to go with it?
so sleepy   and i want some <propfirst> chee and noodles   
"dear all who know-know me,do i do enough for myself? am i taking good care of me? yes? no? why or why not?sincerely,me"
pain is weakness leaving the body *like a drill sargent* now drop and give me 20 soldier!!
"hug, hug, kiss, kiss, hug, hug, big kiss, little hug, kiss, kiss, little kiss "
how is a diva a female version of a hustler?
black to the future is on right now!!  smile 
what's love got to do with it is on now   should i watch?
poor professor higgins   
auntie mame!
"price is right showcase of my dreams: 365 pairs of shoes, a trip to miami and a cherry-red mazda miata!!"
time for a pedicure to wind down the day   
"i just heard that ecd is now gonna be in vegas   is that exactly bad news, ravers?"
forever 21 is having some crazy sale today   tops and bottoms start at 99¢ and up  75% off other items 
"a parent came to school today and told one of my bosses that we discriminate against everyone: blacks, whites, hispanics, asians   isn't it nice to know that us in the public arena treat all students like crap? lol"
"chocolate bunnies, <propfemale> canes and heart-shaped boxes should be available year-round "
blockbuster video on <propfemale> and lasselle is closing!! huge sale on dvds and video games!! get em before they're gone!!
"if a futuristic snoop dogg projected himself in front of you asking if you wanted to go to the future with him, would you follow him?"
why can't i have whatever i want? unfair! injustice! oh the humanity!
"whilst at burlington coat factory:""i didn't know that coach made shoes ""*looks at price of shoes*""i didn't know coach made ugly shoes "" lol"
maybe it was a sign   i was in the drive-thru at <propmale> taco and the lady in front of me ran out of gas  another person and i hopped out of our  cars and helped her push her car into a nearby parking spot while everyone else waited to order their food 
"my acct wasn't hacked into or anything but   reset your passwords on a regular basis and don't forget the new one! (like i did, lol)"
20 foot waves   13 foot waves   aftershocks   risk in hawaii for a tsunami   
have you ever tried to google yourself but didn't get many results? google <propmale> instead! the 1st ten pictures are either her or <propfirst> lol!
i could really use a wish right now   wish right now   wish right now   
i wanna go to japan and dig the country out of its mess!
"bought itunes special version of ""need you now""; much better than regular one "
"you can't be a good auntie if you're afraid of poop, tears and baby vomit!"
"apparently, when you press ""enter""   it comments for you  no more ""comment"" button?"
"<propmale> artest is gonna be at vvhs tonight   kggi basketball game   the djs always lose, though "
"a bunch of baby ducks   send 'em to the <propfemale>soda machine that doesn't work   send it to the <propfemale>!"
playing sonic the hedgehog on your iphone us hard!!
"soup's on! (or in this case, some bomb chowder that i just made!)"
it's so <propfemale>!!
"i'm walking to my car when a woman yells ""hi! how are you?"" across from me  i tell her that i'm doing fine   but i don't know who the lady is!"
sometimes i sit in my car in my driveway updating my facebook status 
they've detected a slight increase in radiation in riverside  nice 
i can't do it!!  it wouldn't be authentic!
is it strange that i like ni ha kai-lan a heck of a lot better than <propfemale> the e playful lorer?
wth! little girl got gang raped in moval near victoriano elementary school! im moving to irvine!!!!
"yo no soy marinero, soy capitan "
i guess the dep isn't gonna call me back   i guess that's a good thing?
if you like it then you should've put a ring on it   
can't sleep!
everyone's going to vegas except for me   
"they serve ""iced chocolate"" at mcdonalds now   isn't that just chocolate milk?"
"you wrote a bad song, petey!"
one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do 
"can someone e playful lain to me, in child-like terms, how the goverment can ""run out of money""? please and thank you!!"
thanks to famous footwear i know who's going home tonight!
the dreaded thursday is ova!
who remembers the macarena?
"braised <propmale> eye steak, shrimp, rice and green beans  yes, it's gonna be good! a good meal to end a good vacation!"
who cares that i want to name my first daughter <propfemale> kimberleigh? i do!!
"people all over the world, join handsstart a love train, a love train!"
"is this the real life? is this just fantasy?caught in a landslide -- no escape from reality!"
"<propfirst>, you're both amazing and frightening at the same time "
"my nose is runny, my polish is peeling, my eyes are saggy!"
kobe's down!!
 smile   love  life!
it's a twister! it's a twister!
"like my status and i'll tell you:1  how we met2  my first impression of you3  what i like about you 4  favorite memory of youbut if you like this you have to post this as your status  smile "
   is watching toy story tres en mi casa   don't you just  love  dvrs?  smile 
"   is watching ""the ten commandments"" like she does every year   "
how do you let go of the greatest someone has committed sin against you? how do you move on from the most painful memory that cannot be erased my anyone other than jehovah himself?
did you know that you can buy a wedding dress at costco? :-\
watching big bliss marathon on tlc   wedding dre$$e$ are $o e playful en$ive!
omg! gestational diabetes is serious! don't sneak sweets!!
i actually feel like being active today even though i'm so tired   
uhn! some douche in winchester used a fake roadblock to try and assault a 16 year old girl 
who is watching the <propmale> wedding this friday? 1 am on the west coast!
   is being good and eating a chicken- kimchi salad 
"   is going to try and sleep now, tyvm!"
"guilty conscience: man in a beat up toyota starts to turn the corner on indian  he immediately notices the flashing police lights and makes an illegal swerve onto <propfemale>  man, they don't want you!"
she's in the car!!
i want pippa middleton's dress 
<propfirst> is trying to walk?!?!?
"if pain is weakness leaving the body, i'm gonna be as strong as an ox after this   "
i love the color red  i need it in my room  i also need to be able to relax and calm down after a hard days' work  what other color would work? the red wouldn't be too bold or too dark 
what's so special about las vegas?
"i refuse to celebrate the death of an evil man  i would rather celebrate the life and death of a righteous one, jesus christ  his death meant something to mankind and it'll be forever remembered whereas the death of the evil ones will become nothing more than a footnote in the history of our planet but enough about me! what do you think? whose death is really worth pondering over?"
metalachi!
unh! so tired of everyone's fb getting hacked into!
my new chair is broken     sad  the chair is not my size!
i thought that bojangles and popeyes were one in the same   
we don't just blow bubbles    we blow bubbles with kittens inside 
watching documentary on the recent disasters in japan   i just wanna cry and prep my disaster <propfemale>!
   is hoping this babyfirst tv trial works so she attend the mtg in the morning   
eggs in a basket don't make people sleepy   
who is <propfemale> black and why do people seem to hate her?
pays the doctors boy!
"dear former vvhs students: <propfirst> ronto passed away last sunday  he lost his battle with cancer  if you want to attend the funeral on the 16th, send me a message and i'll give you the info "
alert! bees swarming all over alessandro and perris!
"i'm so sick of illness  i'm hurt over pain and suffering  i'm miserable because of sadness  i'm tired of being fatigued  i know i'm not the only one! let's sigh about it together, serve jah unitedly, and wait for that day to arrive!"
grandma   will she be ok? memphis is underwater!
four for you <propmale> coco! you go <propmale> coco!!
"i need something grown up to do during my memorial day vacation  suggestions, people?"
mushrooms are so yummy  just thought i should release that ideal out into the universe 
oh facebook   stop suggesting people that i don't know!!
"it's time to let the cool may breeze sweep into my candlelit room whilst i zone out to simply red's ""holding back the years""   is this what a bachelorette's life cracked up to be? or is it just me?"
what sort of things can you do with an eggplant? i've panfried it twice but i'm open to more suggestions 
"somebody tell me!why i work so hard for you! to give you $$!"
"sometimes there's no way i losei was born to run and built to last you'll never see my feet cuz they move so fast!"
auntie <propfirst> & <propfirst> @ the mall!
tyler   why are you licking me?
"watching ""<propfirst> <propmale>'s food revolution""   maybe we all should switch to organic meat?"
is it normal for babies to rush towards you and suck you face?
oh panda e playful ress   i asked for a large soda not a liter of dr  pepper!
pop-up video marathon on vh1 classic!
on the train to sleepytown   next stop -- comfy bed!
"brush, brush, brush my teeth   "
"white spots on my tonsils point to one inevitable truth: i'm sick, people "
"os 5 looks sweet   if you don't at least have an iphone 3gs or above, you're out of luck   "
did you know that old navy makes plus size women's clothes? just found this out yesterday!
last day of school means   that my last day of work is next week! 5 days left!
where can i get a copy of grape soda quarterly lol?
still feeling ill   thanks <propfirst>! lol
"let's see who truly reads my status    you and i wake up in a police car together  using 4 words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good person and play along  (4 words are hard)"
i'm not afraid to ask people for help when i need it  i'll do my best to figure it out on my own and if i can't i won't feel ashamed to ask for assistance 
i think i want a scooter   a little vespa to run errands in   doesn't that sound nice?
i've been sick for the past 2 weeks; should i go to the dr's?
man up here on maury with 3 women pegging 4 kids on him with an additional 2 on the way   how disgusting! how careless!
<propfirst> is loving the vapor rub on his chest   now he doesn't sound so congested 
my hope is to be as refreshing as a cool summer breeze in 90 degree weather to all whom i know and love   
"runny nose, cough, insomnia   welcome to summer break, <propfirst> "
are people still taking money for haiti somewhere?
"what's with the phrase ""air your dirty laundry""? if your laundry is dirty, air ain't gonna help!"
teachers teach so much better when they're paid in money and not chickens!
foot hurts! mom says my arches are falling! = time to pamper the toes!
lonely people eat pizza in the dark   
"razzle dazzle <propfemale> (what does this look like?  surprise a)r is for romancea is for apricotz is for zebraz is for zippersl is for lovee is for eagled is for dangera is for <propfemale>z is for zip codez is for zealousl is for lunchablese is for employmentr is for riceo is for octopuss is for sisterse is for egomaniac"
   is trying to plan a day in riverside with fine food and cultural entertainment 
"<propmale> song that i like: ""feel better, feel good, feel wonderful""<propmale> song that i dislike: earlier works that sing about sex<propmale> song that describes my life: ""wherever u go, whatever u do""(i deliberately chose newer <propmale> songs so some of ya'll need to get on board!)like this and i'll give you an artist!!"
"jamiroquai song i like: ""she a fast persuader"" (but its hard to pick just one!)song i dislike: haven't found it yet!song that describes my life: ""canned heat""like this post and i will give you an artist!"
¡estoy comiendo comida <propfemale>!
wipeout is on!!!
who wants to attend a matinee of the latest transformers movie next wednesday?
101 ways to leave a game show is no joke!
starting new world translation (bi12) using http annoyed  itunes com apps stanza   smile 
so hot   
"i am soooo glad that i am one of jehovah's servants, especially when drama is concerned!"
omg! i need some fried rice stat!
what do you do when you do something you regret?
"   is watching family feud right now:<propmale> harvey: name an animal that would take up a lot of room in <propmale>'s arkfamily: rhinoxxxwho do they ask when they survey people for the family feud?!?!"
does anybody know why the doors aren't open yet?
   can't wait for the drama in the lbc!
"dude, stop brushing your hair and put your hands back on the wheel!"
best   convention   ever!
taking my braids out whilst learning some history about the states' shapes 
"burger, fries, ribs, salad and some moscato = good times!"
"oh home depot box fan, where have you been all my life?!?!?"
"when life hands you lemons, make tacos "
"fans, water bottles and 2 flavors of ice cream   pleasant dreams, kimmy-chan!"
i need a family to barbeque with   cuz it's summer and that's what you're supposed to do!
"sad news to report annoyed is  <propfemale> mccoy passed away today  please send thoughts and prayers to her family  i'm personally resolved to she her and so many others in the new world to come  that's probably what she wanted the most "
worn out!
i will gladly pay extra $$ if the latest iphone has a 3d option   it may take me 2 years to scrape the pennies together but i'd do it!
"<propfirst>, you have some years to go before you can fb!"
<propfirst> seems ok after his shots yesterday   
is it a crime   that i've never had chicken and waffles at roscoes?
i  love  children   especially because i don't have any! lol
let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word and then not copy and paste because that's no fun  laugh 
i miss all my brothers and sisters who are asleep in death   but i'll be seeing them as soon as they wake up!
"<propfemale> smith whips her hair back and forth and looks totally cute   if i whipped my hair back and forth, it'd fly across the room  just sayin'"
oooh! i want a sweet tea from mcdonald's real bad now!!!
what's with the pictures of shoes everywhere as people's profile pictures?
"a real woman always keeps her house clean and organized, the laundry basket is always empty  she's always well dressed, hair done  she never swears, behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances  she has more than enough <propfemale> to take care of her family, always has a smile on her lips, and a kind word for everyone  post this as your status if you, too, have just realized that you might be a man!"
i finally found the scripture i was looking for for the past hour!!! (<propfirst> 12:43-45)
oh my gosh! oh my gosh! oh my gosh!! all that is on tv!!! aahahaah!!!
<propmale>'s on at 10 smile 0 tonight!
i suppose i should update my picture   maybe in the near future?
"wanted: someone that knows how to play bubble bobbleneeded: right now!!"
"ok, time to drag myself in  3 more days of registration!"
who is good at super <propfirst> 3?
who wants to go to the cheesecake factory? i love their shrimp franchese!
he's whining while playing with his toy   i'm so confused!
my <propfirst> needs a uncle to play football with!
gotta step my spiritual game up!
moreno valley is on fire 
he can crawl   time to turn the bassinet into a playpen!
happiness is cuddling with your nephew until 10am!
"how is the family on the show ""downsized"" struggling if they're on a reality show?"
<propfemale> is at the car doctor's   hope she is ok!!!  sad 
"kids @ the car shop are pretending to be playing power rangers  they are so funny:""power!""""water!""""fire!""""lasers!""""eyeballs!""""you're not going anywhere now!!"" lol"
"just read an article in cosmo that says facebooking can be depressing, making you compare your life with others  or second-guess your own life choices with their posts  what's your take on the subject? have you found yourself getting upset while reading your friends' posts on new jobs, marriages, pregnancies, etc ?"
"when life hands you ground pork, give it to me so i can make black eyed peas!"
rofl <propfirst> made it rain on the pizza man!
should i move out of state?
i can't believe it's been almost 10 years   
"oh <propmale>, why did you attack my face!"
oh sun! i order you to to sink into the horizon and return in 2 hours!
gotta finish painting my room   who wants to help? i'll buy lunch!
how does one set fire to rain?
hola people   just adjusting my privacy settings for facebook!
ten years ago today i couldn't cry   now my eyes are full of bitter tears  may god's kingdom come soon to make the world right again 
can you believe it's been 6 months today since the earthquake and tsunami in japan?
    is watching rio!
earthquake! did you feel it?
   wants some sharp cheddar cheese!
time to sleep   partied like a 40's rock <propfemale>!
what about toast? i don't get it? bread's already been cooked; why do you need to cook it again?
"who else thinks that the upcoming movie ""real steel"" looks like an elaborate form of rock em sock em robots?"
had anyone had success with weight watchers? how did it go for you? i'm thinking about joining because i need to be at a healthier weight 
"that's me in the corner,that's me in the spot--light,losing my religion   rem is splitting up!"
i'm so hot right now   it feels like my head is inside an oven but i don't have a fever! weird!!
i feel like i've spent all my life taking care of other people   i wish i had someone to take care of me for a change!
i want to go to oak <propmale> this fall   who wants to go with me?!?!
still sick   still sneezing   still tired!
so tired   
first a cold   now bronchitis?!?!
"i had a dream that i thought the system was ending   but the sun was out and someone misspelled a scripture in the sky! it was a prank! also, someone was in a car accident!"
tyla asis <propmale> beware of the typhoon!! be safe!! :-*
omg!! just saw this commercial about a guy that has 74 kids   he donated his sperm! i guess the show is about him (and his fiance?!?!) connecting with all 74 kids! it's on style tomorrow @ 9 pm 
is there a such thing as a breakfast soup?
"uhn! you know how facebook will sometimes advertise pages that relate to your wall posts? well the one on my wall says ""breakfast -- <propfemale> <propmale> likes this"" lol"
"did you know that there is more than one english setting on fb? you can change it to pirate or upside down english! just go to your profile, click on english and change it! i double-dog-dare-ya!now why we would want our fb to be in pirate's english i'll never know   "
"if you dare to wear all black while riding your bike in the middle of the street, you better hope that my brakes don't give out!"
a lot of us have been waxing poetic over inspirational quotes and reflective thinking  what's gotten into you guys? lol  laugh 
so hungry   so sleepy   what should i do?!?!?
   is feeling sick  why me??
i'm really tired and i think i'm going crazy so i should go to bed now   kimmy sleepy 
"if your child's teacher wrote the word ""loser"" on your kid's assignments, even in jest, would that make you feel comfortable or not?"
