48
90d34f5d61b4adcb2db21733aac5afab
24
-
looking for something to do tomorrow any suggestions?
"just went to the amazing panic! at the disco, fall out boy, blink 182 concert!!!"
fun night. i went to key club and quiz team. then i <propmale> out with <propfirst> and <propfemale>.
going camping this weekend!
is back in the real world.
enjoyed the people and fireworks last night
"just realized... ""since my phone was annihilated i lost some contact info. if you want me to have your # then message it to me please. also, i just got a skype, so if you're on that let me know"" -me"
thinks he will walk up to harvest home again tonight. anyone who wants to can meet me there.
":  another sunday another $39.10 from my local skyline chili: ""it's skyline time"""
"just found out english comp is canceled today! this is beyond fortunate, because the paper he had due today for that class is still incomplete, and would have required rushing of the highest order to have been done on time."
got a $150 wool coat and $30 faux fir hat for $70 today. yay black friday!
"wants to know... for those of you who pick up others peoples' money from off of the ground, why do you do it? are you arrogant enough to believe that you actually deserve it, or is it something else?"
i feel proud of myself. i can name all 151 original pokemon. tell me if you succeed.
wants to do something with his friends on saturday for his birthday. any suggestions?
"first college exam tomorrow, and it's for biology. hopefully i perform well, and in a way that reflects my knowledge."
"i hope everyone enjoys their meleagris gallopavo and sus scrofa domestica. as well as the the products of solanum tuberosum, vaccinium oxycoccus, and ipomoea batatas."
"i saw <propfirst> <propmale> maier, <propfirst> sturgill, <propfemale> smith, <propfirst> gebing, zach woellert, <propfemale> zimmerman, and <propfirst> haye at work tonight. hope you all enjoyed the game and have a good night."
has that same feeling again.
is really not in the christmas spirit.
could really go for a long wlak through the darkness. if only there was a worthwile destination...
"i've been trying to find the name of a song since may, and i've finally found it!  it was ""like a stone"" by audioslave. thank you pandora internet radio! woo!"
:  anyone else notice how great it was outside today?
just finished drawing espeon for my profile pic. will upload soon.
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1. something i learned about you by looking at your wall 2. the color you remind me of 3. my first memory of you 4. the animal you remind me of. ...5. ask something i've always wondered about you 6. my favorite thing about you 7. give you a weird nickname 8. challenge you to post this."
me and <propfirst> are looking for something to do. any suggestions?
":  another great day of classes. i found out that <propfemale> is in my world prehistory, and that <propmale> is in my english. combine that with having <propmale> and <propfirst> in biology, and new friends in world prehistory and chemistry, and i'm doing pretty well that way. also, i'm now in  basic rappelling."
had a fun day trip to uc and adventure through the metro system
would like to issue a collective thank you to everyone who wished him a happy birthday... thanks everyone. my birthday went pretty good.
my protagonist syndrome is flaring up again...
sehnej you-no-nui neh-nek. (this is an question. there is a prize to the first person to give me a satisfactory answer. good luck.)
is enjoying his free one month trial of netflix
had a great night at work.
"forgot his phone today. in case some of you ave forgotten what a phone does, its the one that makes a noise or vibrates then you pick it up and you can magically talk to people across great distances. don't call me until at least 4:15. otherwise i can't pick it up. if you're still unsure about what a telephone is, or why i don't have my phone on me, call me and i will e playful lain everything."
off to work.
arm pain...
:  this year was the bluest halloween ever! i just wish i' gotten a good picture...
heading out for welcome day
"is looking forward to an easy day tomorrow, but is saddened that he is unable to get off work saturday night to go to ren faire  crying "
"anybody doing anything tonight after dinner is over? if so, let me know. i'm bored"
"<propmale> red mage wells decided to make charmander his profile picture. in honor of this, if three other people change their profile picture change their picture to a pokemon, and comment, i will too."
"just found out that uc offers a course named demons. the call number is 807282 for anyone who wants to take it. i only put it in my schedule to fill a three hour spot mwf  from 12-1, but i'll keep it if anyone at uc wants to take it with me."
wants to know if anyone wants plans for tonight.
is writing his paper... begrudgingly...
"fell asleep on the bus this morning between about 8 smile 6 and 9:10. in other words i slept from the watertower at colerain and north bend to east 12th st. and main downtown. it was refreshing, though."
anyone else's legs sore from twister?
wants to know if anyone would mind giving him a ride to life group tonight...
"i'm not sure what the early stages of spontaneous combustion feel like, but i fear i may be e playful eriencing them. i really need to get through this day..."
great first day at college. nothing more to say.
please don't click the atheism thing. it doesn't do anything beneficial. it's probably malicious.
is feeling a little dysphoric. i wish i knew why...
"13 hours of work today... i would normally write something clever, but i decided the energy i would use to do so could be better spent."
"productive day today. went down to uc with <propfirst> greve. while i was there i got $4,000 more in loans, and finalized all of my classes. then we left, and <propmale> out at the mall in the pirate store with <propfemale>. for a few hours. then we met up with <propfirst>, lexi, <propfirst> , and <propfemale> at applebees. then we went to <propfirst> walters for something that was apparently from 1-3 today. finally home now, though."
is on his new laptop for the first time! yay!
"this <propfirst>'s day deserves special recognition; even the spring woke up early to comemmortate it. to honor this, i challenge everyone to be open today. hold nothing back like the unrestrained winds gracing us with their presense, let yourself become illuminated as the earth has done for the sun, and participate in the unseasonal warmth. i would be happy if this were the day everyone would just be sincere."
another trip to uc today with <propfirst>. looked into on and near-campus jobs. then visited with <propfirst> doebeli and raced chocobos. finally we met up with <propfemale> for a short excursion with refreshing beverages.
"walked up to harvest home tonight, and <propmale> out with people from the troop. saw mrs. greve while i was there. as it turns out her booth has my perennial favorite corn dogs, which she was so nice as to give me one. then the messerschmitts gave me a ride home. better night than i e playful ected."
no bio lab today!
"""being full of yourself is egotism, being full of other people is cannibalism.""i've had this in my comments forever, and no one has ever asked about it..."
saw a shooting <propfemale> for the first time.
just finished watching dead like me it was excruciatingly good.
wants to do something fun tonight. any takers?
"it makes me really proud to know that 7 of my friends have a pokemon profile picture. eevee! go <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>ny, <propfemale>, nich, and <propfemale>."
is off to a bad start today
wants to know if anyone wants to make plans for tomorrow...
attention facebook! <propfemale> <propmale> hasn't had waffles in a really long time!
"""that man's a horse. that man's a horse! guys, that man's a horse!!!"""
spent his off-day on an excursion with <propfemale>. after hours of skyline chili and questing we found the <propfemale> mall.
"has a really busy work week, and is really happy he actually managed to get 34.5 hours this week."
waffle house s.r. 42. enough said
is completely out of resolve.
":  if anyone will be up at uc's main campus at around 1 or 1 smile 0, call or text me at 1(513)373-9237, so we can meet up and do something fun"
wishes everyone a happy cyber monday. whatever that means...
"dear sorta, please make set up a route 18 bus that comes though <propmale> between 10 surprise 0am and 2 surprise 0pm. i don't enjoy waiting around for 2 hours. thank you.your patron, zach."
"thinks his last status was way too long, and wanted a shorter one."
i need to do something diverting tonight
does anyone remember what i was planning to do tomorrow?
"fun night... attended lexi's birthday dinner at <propmale> evans then went with <propfirst> on an adventure, where we saw <propfemale> and went to creepy locations."
just woke up from a 3 1/2 hour nap. anyone care to do something late-nightish?
"i took the cinnamon challenge at work?i completed it perfectly, but it was so nonchalant that nobody was really impressed..."
just realized he missed international talk like a pirate day!
sleep!
"just loves it when you set two alarms to get up, then one goes off an hour early and the other fails to go off at all."
"i just woke up from a dream. the dream itself wasn't exceptional, but at the end i spilled my lunch. i got so mad i punched myself in the jaw. i woke up right as that happened, so the punch was real. fml."
i evolved!
"""do you know what would be fun right now?ham!?""-all said by <propfirst> doebeli"
"""truth is.."" like this and i'll tell you"
my chemistry class and i survived te exam and all we got was this stupid facebook status
the test was incredibly easy. hooray for knowing things!
"wants to be thinking about important things like homework and the election, but i keep listening to ?shissou by last alliance?, and my mind wanders in all the best ways..."
alright. i give up. i can think of no amazing way to spend my break before i get more work.
closed quickly at skyline so i could catch part of the new menu celebration at panera. i even got some samples of the two new flavors of bagels. this means good news for the lunch table tomorrow...
?it's the final (exam) countdown?... i really hate that song...
":  ""whenever i feel like i'm slacking too much (now for instance...), i remember that i'm roughly 70% water, and i'm better at decision making that like 96% of amorphous blobs. i'm looking great by comparison..."""
jumped off of a five story building today...
"is now feeling better.. thanks, <propfemale>."
why has linkin park gone in such a terrible direction? hybrid theory and meteora were great albums...
just switched to the new profile format and i'm in the process of rennovating my info.
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one,to get better. i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do. in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status. i love all of you!!"
"if anyone fondly remembers challenging problem friday from high school, or wants to answer a question that will make you question yourself message me that you want to participate, and i'll message you the scenario. again, anyone can participate."
is trying this for the first time on his ipod touch.
could use something to do today
?thai namtip?
and so my mid-weekend begins.
hooray for being sick!
really doesn't like tonight. way to many things that i don't like at once.
really needs some plans tonight...
anyone up for doing something today?
anyone want to do something kind of light today?
plans tonight:  i want them.
"""<propfemale> <propmale>, i think you just committed blasphemy."""
i could really go for an adventure right now
so... i signed up for bio 111 instead of 112. the problem:  i already passed the one i enrolled in and i needed the other.
really wants to do something today...
likes this status.
i just realized i have 358/2 friends
thank you <propfirst> doebeli for so graciously allowing me to use your house and internet when mine is out. you rock.
"today was an exceptional day of many curious exceptions. i don't think i could ever describe it in a single status, if you're interested, you can read about it in the note."
"perhaps it's a little nerdy, but i'm so excited that i got to perform a gel electrophoresis today."
"there's probably a <propmale> word for the way i feel right now, but i don't know it. it's sort of like having nostalgia about something that never really happened."
i love life's little curiosities.
i wouldn't mind not knowing if things were real or not if peolple didn't make such a big deal about reality.
feels intesnse
"so many things to say. props to the blue team for their impressive victory at the scavenger hunt, congratulations to the newly married cassiopeia wells and <propmale> red mage wells, and happy birthday to the lovely bride."
"so, the big question right now is which version to get... black or white?"
"me and <propfirst> are finally moving out this weekend. if anybody would like, they can help us out. we could use help moving and things like kitchenware and chairs. anyone who has time or items they're willing to <propfirst> with please let me know. thanks."
"""complaining is the devil's napkin!"""
anyone wanna help me move tomorrow?
is stealing wifi from his new apartment
i got to do the answering machine message for my panera. call (513)874-3400 if you want to e playful erience the audible manifestation of my awesomeness.
"has his new game, but no time to enjoy it. just one of the many drawbacks of burning the candle at 3 ends."
anyone want a job at the panera in fairfield? we need available people.
finally beat white
"i like today. a final, walking in the rain, and fried food."
does anyone watch or read xxxholic or tsubasa?
"plans tonight, anyone?"
i am officially on spring break now. i feel that i've truly earned this one.
just watched ghost hound. it was excellent if you're into that sort of thing.
anyone care to go on a walk?
is e playful eriencing a rare off-day. anyone want to do something?
most boring day ever. my only consolation is that i didn't end up having to work. anyone care to make it interesting before it ends?
:  why is it that no matter what extents i go to with scheduling i always make some trivial error that causes me to redo half of my schedule?
"i had a bout of what i think was ""good luck"" stuff that i've been hearing everybody talk about. turns out i'm in english with <propfemale> <propmale>, and my tennis class may go even better than e playful ected. not even to mention that chem lab is cancelled, and there is even potentially good news on the job front. i'm really not used to this sort of thing. i hope it all works out..."
i wish people wouldn't complain about the snow. i think unseasonal snow is a nice diversion.
scored an interview with red lobster on monday
"is grateful for receiving a second interview at red lobster:  ""come see what's fresh today."""
"sports i have played in tennis class...basketball ?dodgeball ?tennis     __"
why has my alarm clock forsaken me!? another hour of sleep i'll never get back...
"no job at red lobster for zach... second interview was canceled. apparently they decided, ""to go in a different direction."""
are any of my friends aura-readers?
"i think i'm gonna skip today... yeah, that."
"if i finish everything i need to do today, i might just be caught up with everything instead of caught up in it. hope i do well enough."
"just another day:  take 7,043"
why is it that i never feel even the least bit compelled to do school work.
epic fail on my part. i decided that instead of working on 2 lab reports that i would have a pb&j with some green tea.
"i actually feel like i have drive today. i'm still a little weak on motivation, but i have enough audacity not to care about that."
"oh, irony. i walked up into a line to ask my bio professor a question after class toady, because i had read an article he posted about grit, and how having grit (willingness to try hard and stick with things) was a good measure of succcess. i felt that i lacked this trait, and wanted to know how to build it. after a while, though, i just got out of line saying to myself that i could just ask some other time."
"it was a good run, but i finally saw the ""friday"" video today. i think i'm gonna need some mind soap."
"i saw lots of people today that i didn't really acknowledge, but wanted to. so, to all of the people who fall into that category, ""hi."""
trivia night with <propfemale> froman and <propfirst> spitznagel:  i hope we do good
time to get to business--not something i'm particularly good at.
"like my status and i'll tell you:1. how we met:2. my first impression of you smile . what i like about you:4. favorite memory of you:5. but if you like this you must put it as your status so i can like your status"
i remembered today why i feel the way i do about people...
"happy easter, all!"
i find that the pipe organ is the funkiest of all musical instruments
really needs to start doing more.
"i got extremely good (though unusual) feedback at work todayperfect       ?cute          ??<propmale>        ?fabulous    ?"
"going to <propmale>'s island today was funtastic. i only went with <propfirst> greve, but we ended up meeting <propfirst> sturgill and <propfirst> gebing while we were there. even the weather was compliant."
time to start writing an 8 <propfemale> paper...
"finishing my paper=goodfinishing my paper while listening to gangsta's paradise=?"
moms are great!!!
?want you gone?
