439
07244b3fd4536a8eea069ab02057e220
35
+
"come tomorrow i will be home, and therefore displeased as to the distance away from <propmale> i will thus be."
"boat was canceled  due to hurricane, i shan't be home until friday."
found a bunch of fireworks in my closet
how much longer must i wait for my precious book!?
"home from the cottage, where dust is bountiful and takes it's toll on my face. didn't feel it yesterday as i was outside all day, but after the second night it unfailingly hit me like a train."
"finally, on break at last!"
it's been three weeks! where are my god forsaken aquarium plants!? if any of them are dead i will be so pissed off. 5-12 days my ass.
applying for college to be a 'computer electronics technician'. also taking: french and chemistry might also take: programming concentration hoorah
peeps is an awesome fish
"found my sata cable so was able to get my old pc running and relived years 06-08. it was pretty awesome, but i'm going to put the hard drive in my new pc so i can relive the past with more ram and better hardware."
blah blah blah blah blah
"god i hate haircuts. i ask for one thing and they do something completely irrelevant. she actually had it the way i wanted it for once, but then went on to snip off what i liked about it, had i known her intentions i would have said something. and from there she went on to make my bangs uneven and look like shit. i think now more than ever i distrust hairdressers with anything more complex than a simple trim"
"learned my great great great grandparents were both from germany. and my grandfathers side either came from russia(most likely), germany, brazil, or scotland(rather unlikely). pretty interesting to know"
sum bicth talkn shit
at bryans haus for the summer. then back to school for me.
why the hell does <propfemale> palin have her own tv show?
"coming home next week, probably thursday."
drowning in math
"i just heard some swiss guy on the tv say: ""these guys.. they have really balls."""
can't stop the peeps
"test #2 this week, physics! wish me luck."
bleeblaablooblaa
"so happy i took chemistry, it is fun times. physics can be my friend too, but not you math, you're like trench warfare in my brain."
"r.i.p <propfirst> nielson, you made me laugh harder than most"
thank you for all the happy birthday wishes!
"i've decided to apply to smuniversity to study history instead of computer electronics. i hope very much to be accepted, as it would be so much more rewarding a career to pursue as opposed to being a computer tech, for me personally that is."
"exterminieren! exterminieren!halt! sonst werden wir sie exterminieren! sie sind jetzt ein gefangener der daleks!"
i'm feelin' craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazaayyyy!
"i don't like it doesn't, but it does really bad.. teachers have souls!"
"going to saint <propfirst>'s in the fall to start a long and glorious journey of learning.i want to <propmale> in classical history and minor in philosophy; and what a fun ride it will be."
:?
