606
810e9b1b51be95b66789783641e2285a
39
+
friggin sweet!!!!!!!!! <propmale> kreutzman is playin the westcott theatre in my town on christmas <propfemale>!!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
"now playing: <propfirst> garcia and <propfirst> grisman, 1991; arabia  smile  can't believe i actually found it!"
i think ima get a few pet birds so i can open my heart chakra and balance the lower and upper chakras      plus it'll give my <propfemale> friends someone to tire them out before bed every night!  love 
"anyone who wants to come to my baby shower      its sunday april 25th from 1pm-3pm  its at the north syracuse community center (700 south bay road, north syracuse, ny) and the registry is at target under (kr) (lo)"
yea! i'm one of 3 people      and the only female taking ens as my <propmale> at occ  confidential 
feeling        sarcastic? o o
"had my baby girl  smile  lillith <propfemale> losito may 24, 2010      a crazy lil gemini  surprise "
i got an vent bottle yea!  smile 
yea! the state is letting me borrow a $1000 00+ hospital grade medela breast pump  laugh  i can't wait to get it and to start storing more milk!  love  wic  love 
gettin my first disability check today     yea i can pay rent!
anyone want to go down on a big bulk size bag of diatomaceousearth????
thanx for the awesome blanket <propfirst>!!!!
so the flea problem i thought i had turned out to be lake flies and not fleas     man do i feel like an idiot!!! oh and the doctor's visit went not the best  sad  and <propmale> is grumpy and i think i'm just gonna get me a coffee and work on the house today since life fails     sorry <propfemale>  sad 
ordering nematodes!!!
my child held on 5 days before letting the big one go        the doctor wasn't concerned    but holy crap did she crap everywhere as i was going to grab a rectal thermometer and stimulate the pooping      i guess she made it just in time not to recieve an anal probe  smile 
wtf sort of 23 y o listens to woody guthrie nowadays anywho??
<propmale> is gonna put the down payment on our new car to be today  laugh  one step closer to biodiesel       gettin a 91 vw  <propfemale> tdi  laugh  also baking apple bourbon cake?? something new to try  laugh 
"the original!!!!!!!!!!!! ""doc watson - <propmale> dooley"""
baby's doctor visit went well  smile  she's gained 10 ounces in 1 week!
raw      living foods for living people        i dunno but i'll give it a try *making a food dehydrator out of a pizza box     need plastic wrap*
contortion training is going good     halfway to a backbend and only my first day! the flexibility in the front of my legs seems to be my biggest issue!
so today i found out my daughter absolutely adores best student council! w00t for my little geekette  smile 
i saw the most awesomely cute funny thing ever last night at nice n easy      as i was pulling in this guy was starting up his car to leave and starts singing along at the top of his lungs to some boyband music with another guy in the passenger seat     just furthur proof that boybands are gay  laugh 
fallin asleep listening to       passion pit - sleepyhead (borgore remix)      i'll be dreamin of a brand new palm pixie!!
its amazing how a blogging website can insite hatred in people based on a fictitious truth portrayed through being nice to old aquaintances     god forbid we don't hate people for not being just like us! sometimes the best you can do for someone is set an example and  be their friend     everyone figures it out in time and those who don't decay and die 
"waiting for my burrito        man does the toaster oven take forever     i'm used to waiting 2 minutes with the microwave, no radiation though  laugh ""i love the lil tacos! i luv dem gooodddd  love """
darkstar at the westcott theatre tonite!!!! so excited!!!
"hey <propfemale>    if your gonna try n talk ur husband into that organic winery you should talk him into this while your at it     http annoyed  www 55elmirador com index ht"
"setting up my at home network      i should do this as a job     i'm setting up 3 routers, bridging them together and separating <propfemale> from <propfemale> from p2p    then prioritizing the 2pcs, 2 xboxes, 2 laptops, psp, wii and ds, setting up virtual networks to separate the gaming systems from the pcs etc and proxy filtering my apps"
"so, i'm watching t v  and i noticed that nigella lawson on the cooking channel      looks and sounds exactly like <propfirst> <propmale> (actress wife of <propmale> <propmale> who played <propfemale> on <propmale>) am i right in thinking its the same person under a sudoname?????"
"on an ambient kick      artists of the day     -the orb, -morcheeba, -taken by trees, -dubstar and -<propfirst> orbit"
"started school yesterday!!!! great to be back        whats on the agenda???-anatomy and physiology-chemistry-astronomy-ecology-english-pre calculus at home-english at home-<propfemale> <propfirst>my schedule can only get more awesome from here!!!  love   love   love "
i hate it when people don't take responsibility for their own actions     today <propmale> got an appearance ticket for peddling alcohol to a minor and not id-ing them     truth is he id-ed them and they had a fake id and he had no way to tell      the person later got pulled over and lied to the police    all i know is they better not let me know who they are ever because i'm sick of ppl hurting my family for self gain!
just bought 2 1980s vw buses  laugh 
so sunday i went xmas shopping and on the way home some chick runs a red light and totals our car!!! everyone is ok but achy     we're stranded at home for now but at least sometime in january we should end up with a new car      
"applying for summer internships at       googleintelnasarip<propmale>mitharvardsucolgate              wish me luck!  love "
so my ecology teacher agrees that it is very probable that water turns vyvanse into d-amphetamine with time          wonder how to e playful loit shire into giving me money for figuring it out before their patent ran out    
"so, i got a msg from my english teacher trying to recruit me into our college's literary society      little does she know that my thing is math and science and that my english assignments i only do good on so that i can make the president's list    "
