518
6921d85c34477e86f5051932ebd6835b
24
-
is in louisiana 
got a new set of wheels
is on his way home 
im just chillin like a villin who is makin a killin because i am dr phillin!!!
r i p <propfirst> malin
how got a lot to do 
i hate summer classes
leaving for college sunday ahhh 
valley!!!
is back 
has been more busy than e playful ected 
is in la
wants to go to ca
it will give us room for activities lol!
happy 4th
feel's like he is awaiting his execution   aug 2
just spit on my dick  wow
has a lot of mixed feelings 
"rev 3,000 rpm drop clutch tire burn clutch second redline clutch third cops break abs prevents skidding    i miss it already :<("
can't believe that he lost another friend wtf
is going home!!!!
life needs an undo button 
got to shoot a gun today hoah!
why can't i study what i want to learn!
the young want to be older and the old want to be younger  i want to be both 
just so you they got a new server for websense but he is still setting it up sp  e playful ect an on and off e playful erience 
he took it off   quick download now!!!
no websense for tonight   enjoy!!!!!!!
woop <propfirst> freaken doo  the blocks are back on  i already miss my freedom 
so much todo so little time ahhhhhhhhhh
just went to class an hour early cause he has no sense of time lol
can't stay mad for long when gets to drive his mustang 
ring dance tonight   then bowling afterwards ooooyeaaa
any body driving to ny   i need a ride badly!!!!
tattoo was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! good job choir and band
faith in god is getting stronger again 
"why why why   what did i do, what went wrong?"
is tired
just jerked off with hot sauce
saved by the <propfemale>
hates life's sudden changes and is so angry about it  how something i waited on all week changes in one sec 
needs a third hand
fml
no comment
8 more hours away from being home
"not buying salt -$60, watching the cadets bust there ass on the ice     priceless "
life need an instant relay button 
is feeling down today 
skipped mess right before two exams ahhhhhhhhh
gots lots to dooo 
is tired of taking classes that are not toward my <propmale> 
linkin park - hybrid theory never gets old 
it's hot it's cold it's hot it's cold  why can't mother-nature make up her mind!
actual waited outside bestbuy 3 in the morning for black friday 
just one exam left
home
"just got rammed in the ass by 3 black cocks on a balance beam, while balancing an ice pick on my cock  can you beat that?"
nothing is better than a clean room 
great friends comes great status updates!!
i concur
no
awwwww it's back!!!!!
7 years and jackass still cracks me up 
drexel please accept me!!!!
happy turkey day yall
gots 24 hours to prep for london
i live with real friends
wish things could be different
just had the best newyearseve ever!!!!
leave it to this brilliant institution to schedule a one study day for two days of classes 
yes i'm in london and the jet lag kills
it's 2010 and i think it's time for a change!
what better way to celebrate the birth of christ than at chruch at 12 surprise 0am    <propfemale> christmas
going home for a month and hopes to refresh and get rid of some mental junk
spent an hour on a song and still can't put it into words
going to be on mtv
3 more days of freedom
"all i wanted to do was get on the homepage of break com, but it got mtv instead   i guess that's pretty cool"
a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down  but i don't have any sugar
"the best moments of my life weren't sober and i can't stand being sober, i'm tired of my heart being beaten like a fucken punching bag!"
last night in london
i think i may be going crazy or getting a sign  but i really can't figure it out 
it takes 4 hours to make a solid football video but it takes 4 mins to spend the profit money 
had a really good last night in london!!
about to leave for london
is in an amazingly good mood right now 
has a feeling that this is going to be the longest semester of them all 
about to jump on a plane   be back in the states at 2 smile 0
is perfecting what might be my best song yet  smile 
"just looked at all 700 photos from petition to get ""fuck the troops"" kicked off face book, and i just want to say thank you to all who severed our country and to all those our are going to!!!!!"
another football flim another 60 dollars     life's good
depression is my middle name
just spent 2 and half hours laughing his ass off watching every funny video on the internet 
who the hell did the rain dance!!!
i never thought a 500 essay would take me so long to finish 
i think your gpa is a bad way to judge your intelligence 
i can only wait so long
who ever designed these rain coats must of lived in the dessert 
you guys are welcome    internet
i can turn off the tv but i can't turn off day dreaming 
time to hit the books  sad 
love's watching people having a conversation from a distance and not know what they are talking about  lol
i am an academic fuck up
finally got the playlist for the mixer done 
this new facebook layout is going to take awhile to get use to
what ever happened to the cod4 wars at vf  there use to be like 10 people playing any given time
book time
good music = really good mood  playful 
so close but yet so far
jazz + book = education
ok who the hell did the rain dance   because you must be one hell of a dancer!
verizon is bs me around  apparently i texted 800 times this month 800 what kind of crap is that  my phones history only goes back a month and the last text sent was from this summer 
clean clean clean
mmmmm bed sleeeeep
still can't believe what a failure this week was 
it's reading time
foxtrot uniform <propfirst> kilo
"someone talk to me    i""m board!"
that was easy
sleeeeeeeppppp zz smile 
how now brown cow
i was having a good day then i woke up
i wanna escape
geese what a bad snow storm we are having
fml
why can't this year just be over already
i was thirsty but i had no money so i went out and ate some snow  smile 
i forgot how awesome radios are 
might accomplish a huge goal this weekend 
"how longer god how much longer must i suffer, i'm at the breaking point "
war on terror my ass this war is more then 50% cause of oil
keeps missing his <propmale> and feels like he will never get another one 
today is the day i start counting days until i'm 21!!!!!
i'm always a key stroke away
ƒ???? ?ì?? ??????
thanks you god!!!!! for family     i don't know what i would do with out my cuzzzz's
i don't know what i would do without blues!
formation after formation
this sucks
can my day get any worse
one more day couldn't feel so far away 
"went to a comedy club, slept on the floor of grand central, road in nyc in a limbo, got only 3 hours of sleep, and lost <propmale> in the city        yea it was a crazy night!"
well i guess i can't argue    i had some of my prayers answered 
now starts my boring lonely weekend at the forge 
this snow better not mess up my plans for the weekend 
had a pretty dam good time today
i'm waiting
watching videos from 4 years ago with my good old <propmale> was so refreshing!!
lets do a dance and prance around with <propmale> dillon me and my friend chilled out to the dusk of day and the <propfemale> of night what i am is who i am and who you are is who you need to be -k a  off the top-
wtf it's already wednesday!!!!!!
do i really have to get up for this 
<propfemale> is complete utter bullshit   there are only so many coins i can put in until i realize i'm not going to able to play the game    but everyone around me get to play for free 
this weather is amazing!!!
what a beautiful day    well at least it looked like a good day from my window   i hate hw with a passion
well goodbye to good night sleeps
it's a beautiful day and i'm stuck doing homework fml
it's already saturday              f#$@
i want that
you supply the bullets to the gun held to my head
i know the world sucks but does it have to suck all the time 
i love bass
if my computer where to crash my grades would jump up
i feel so good right now but i know it won't last   
i would killl for a slush puppy right now!
"1 mile towards a healthier me, 1 mile to a better looking me, 1 mile closer to finding someone   i'm going to need a faster way "
i finally made it    no looking back
relationships are bs
"early bird, work, pissed, depressed, happy as hell, shocked, relieved, really extremely awkward, cleaning, chilling, stop hitting on me!!! this exactly e playful lains my day  playful "
yo
facebook needs a super like button a dislike button lol and i wish i didn't see that button
what's the point in making plans if they also fail
c l a s s come late and start sleeping
man 2 days ago i was out side in a tee shirt and now i'm getting my snow boots again wtf
quick to the batmobile!!
"if you don't have a facebook, cell phone, email account, skype, or internet connection    you don't exist "
what's up
that is so not fair   
3 more daysssss
pachaaaaaa!!!! only a couple hours left baby!!
i'm 21 motha fuckaaaaassss hahha pachaaaaaa
"i hate when i miss a call by the last ring, but when i call back it rings 9 times and goes to voice mail    what did you u do when i didn't answer drop the phone and run lol"
ask anyone who came to my 21st and they will tell you i went hard   
"sorry if i haven't been too responsive lately buddies, i just been so damm busy  smile  i think it would be bad ass if facebook had a busy meter on ur profile"
"i once stood up a chick in a wheel chair, not surprisingly she feel for me, but it kinda was a drag, but things are starting to roll hahahaha"
"in your bed, it's 6am, you close your eyes for 5 mins it's 7:45, at school it's 1 smile 0 you close your eyes for 5 mins it's still 1 smile 0 lol"
ipad 2 march 11    
are the pringles and monopoly guy related?
"yo i'm only in white plains for 4 more days, hit me up, lets do something!"
just got back from the gym
100% on my programing exam!!!!!!! today is a good day 
what's the point in even looking anymore
i need an personal accountant   anyone want some e playful erence!
i think it's time to bust out that old camera and make some more videos 
"<propfirst> sheen and <propfirst> lohan are gonna start their own sitcom  it's gona be called ""two and a half grams""   hhaha"
"i don't care about what i haven't done, when i look back and see how far i come i'm living the life  i love my life and happy to be where i am today  join me!"
"take your best shot, cause this opportunity is not going to last"
"what aisle do you keep the bitches   oo your sold out, good thing i got some on layaway hahahaaaaaaa"
"i'm sorry, i can't take your smart car seriously haha"
"2,930 songs and i can't find one i want to listen to lol"
everyone! post your favorite house techno rap songs here  smile  i'm building a new dj set for this months upcoming gigs and i need some new material 
so bored      
1) denial 2) anger 3) barginaing 4) depression 5) acceptance       the five stages of buying gas 
   can you get in trouble for being on facebook  if you work at facebook lolol
"dear lord, why did u make bacon taste <propfemale> good?"
blah
"if i could change the past i would, but i can't <propmale>    we can forget the past and change the future if you decide we have a future    "
"if i could change the past i would, but i can't <propmale>    we can forget the past and change the future if you decide our friendship has a future    "
i'm winning   are you?
o[-<]: skate boarder
i'm a beast at photoshop
gasps
"people ask me why i don't have any tattoos i tell them ""would you put a bumper sticker on your ferrari?"""
"dam philly, thats how you start a season!"
when ever i hear 2 horns blasting in the back ground i think of n y c!!
gotta love that new tire smell
just fired up an old hard drive from hargrave and found some great pictures and music  smile  its like a time capsule
"i'm nobody, nobody's perfect so that means i'm perfect"
"if you ever get caught sleeping on the job, just raise your head slowly and say ""in jesus name amen"""
the number one most annoying thing in the world is when you click on the wrong thing or link and it takes you forever to go where you wanted to in the first place ahhh
i'm a busy man
no!! standing as close to me as you possibly can won't make the line go faster!
incubus - s c i e n c e is the best work out album ever!
now thats how you have an alumni weekend  smile 
"i can't stand it when people never have them self in their ""profile pic"" lol"
damit!!!!! i was almost going to have an a for programing but my last exam screwed that up  annoyed 
who is coming to alumni weekend?
everything is made in <propfemale> but babies  babies are made in vachina
finally osama is dead!!!!!
alright obama we know you gave the commands but u didn't fire the bullet stop taking all the credit 
omfg i went on youtube to watch one video and it's now two hours later
really feeling the pressure
pandora has comedy now!!!! i have been waiting for this forever  smile 
i'm living the life bro
i love you pacha but ur way to e playful ensive to be that packed
this summer the track is going to be my best friend
"did kickboxing today and it dawned on me   im in the worst shape of my life, thanks college  smile "
"i just saw an e playful iration date on a gallon of water       whats going to go bad, the hydroden lol"
why can't all my friends live in a 20 mile radius     
doing meth for the first time
feeling blue
<propmale> is def going to ocean city next year
"in highschool all i ever wanted to be was a senior, in college i dread it "
"quick look the other way, maybe i can trick myself into believing its not happening "
"i love how not that i'm 21 i see beer and sprits ads on my facebook, pandora, hotmail, and youtube  product placement it nut, i wonder what people would drive drink, listen, watch, or use if their wasn't ads    "
"girls dress to out dress other girls, not to please guys, if girls dressed to impress guys they would be naked   playful "
"i have reached redline three times this week, seems like there are just somethings that no matter what i do, how hard i try, the world pushes back harder and harder wtf"
i'm afraid that when i meet god he will sneeze   and i won't know what 2 say   
it's hard to not pick at a scab
tracktor pro 2 hell yea
no one is worth your peace of mind
"i shower in the morning and after kickboxing, <propmale> ahearn can suck my"
i think i might have missed the last train
"dropped $100 to replace my phone, but at least laggy and glitchy like the previous one"
"ight enough mixing, i think its time to start making"
finally back to the east coast   now i gotta work
i can't f***n believe it     <propfirst> dunn died in a car crash wtf
"brb, my male prostitute just got here to fuck me im the butt"
going 2 the dmv without a line is like winning the lottery
i like spick <propmale>
i have enough money to last me the rest of my life   unless i buy something lol
me and my recliner go way back
wanna make some money using facebook  goto account>account setting>deactivate account  and goto work
"thank god for warning labels, i was actually considering using my floor lamp in the shower whew"
that awkward moment when kool aid busts through your wall and your drinking capri sun     
"? if i had i millions dollars, i would     "
that wtf moment when your reading a wtf moment and youve had that same wtf moment and your like wtf
its time to face the music
when i watch mtv cribs i dont feel bad about downloading music illegally 
"if you call me, skype me, message me, or txt you better want to talk to me not my friend that i live with bitch wtf"
"it doesn't look like its that hot outside, but as soon as i walked out there it felt like satan farted in my face "
"when ever i put my phone on vibrate i miss a thousand calls when i'm not doing anything, and i turn it off it never rings unless its the worst possible time ahhhh"
ps  who gives a    
just had a glass of a 15yr old bottle of scotch   holy s**t that was good lol  laugh 
"o com'on i didn't even do anything   fine go ahead run, you were a bag of problems anyways  playful "
"just to give you guys a warning, there is a ticket for ""driving to close"" it was made up last night and will be used to get ur money   "
i wanna steal a kryspe kreame truck and go on a high speed <propmale> just because it'd be funny to watch a bunch of cops <propmale> a donut truck
amars mustangs better
the good die young rip
it's funny because no one care what happenes to me  so im free babe haha it doesn't matter i can do what i what no girl care hahaahaaaaaaaaa live is good           
"life is all about     assyou're either covering it, laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, busting it, or trying to get a peace of it   smile "
"ahh this chat sucks, why can't i view everyone who is online"
im hot just like an oven
"""if your heart was broken, you'd be dead  so shutup  ""-<propfirst> tosh "
"i have to be outside on the hottest day of the week, between the hottest hours, in black    im a dead man walking  annoyed "
"ahhh its makes me so damm angry, but hey lets not think about it"
youtube is the 2nd largest search engine!!
"nothing, thats what i feel   "
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling "
"whenever i'm doing something stupid i always imagine how they would narrate my death on 1,000 ways to die lol"
"if a robber ever breaks in, i'll just pretend to be one too, and we'll laugh and hug and he'll leave because i have first dibs haha"
that shitty moment when you are trying to pull the covers up and your hand slips and you punch yourself in the face  playful 
"that awkward when you already said ""moment"" in your head before you even read it!"
yea good luck finding motivation for stress without reward
i wish i could find my freaken car cover when its starts hailing!!!! ahhh
"go ahead and quote me on this, i promis you there are going to be 3g or 4g video camera with the ability to upload and edit the video from anywhere lol if i had 10,000 dollars i would create it and sell it making millions before the big companies   anyone want to help?!?  smile "
well that shows how much you really don't care! thanks a bunch
why do best candies have the hardest wrappers to take off lol
i love my friends!!
had another dream last night that made me hate reality as soon as i woke up
today i get a little wisdom taken from my mouth  playful 
ahh im sick of the taste of blood
"the hey meter!!!!!!!!1  hey - friends2 heyy - i think i like you3 heyyy - take the hint dumbass4 heyyyy - lets have sex5 hyyyyyyy- im drunk"
buckcherry concert!
happy birthday to my nigga <propmale> ahearn   gettin it poppin  we out
i hate always being second priority
who drives or would want to drive a fiat lol just wondering!
you know ur screwed when the back to school commercials come on
"i'd rather have someone who shows they care, rather then someone who just say it"
this hurricane is hurrilame
"i got to see the storm twice, once in florida and in <propfemale> yesterday haha, yea i caught the last flight up the east coast!"
music
have you ever in your life come across a guy you wish you never messed with       that's me -gran torino
"who is good with jquery, i have a question!"
"u know what's funny, i listened to you cry about ur issues, but when i decided to show you something that i created and worked on you don't even give me the effort to care lol its ok im not mad, but when u want me to listen to you again you will be mad!"
i like <propmale>
"dont u hate when youre taking a dump and you go to wipe your butthole and <propfirst> mays pops out and says ""but wait, there's more!"""
"top 3 things men know about women1 2 3 "
"10 years ago my dad was doing paper work watching ""imus in the morning"" and they had a live feed of nyc as a back drop, and he saw the first plane hit the tower, funny thing is that if he didn't take his time that morning he would be in the city working   "
sometimes you need to face your issues not facebook them lol
"wife just gave birth, i asked the doctor, ""how soon do you think we can have sex?""he winked at me and said, ""i'm off duty in ten minutes, meet me outside"""
when i have children i'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them i survived that 
"srs iwow plugin for itunes, 500 watt system, 1 hour of tuning = club bass in my room"
never been so sick and in such pain wtf
google + whats your opinion?
it's not premarital sex if you never get married lol
toms penner is thick
"facebook is starting to scare me, say good bye to privacy!"
sneaking ur seatbelt on slowly when u see a cop   
omg chill there aren't many straws left wtf!!!!!
free chipotle burrito   i died and went to heaven (redneck voice)
i'm afraid to at the news feed because i might see your name 
so much work todo so little enthusiasm todo it 
"building a business, finding love, classes, internship       i'm going to crash"
"such a loooooong day, and tomorrow is gona be looong too"
i'll bite the bullet if i know its worth it
you can tell when i'm home   my status is always fucked with
in 5mins i will be dissconnected from the world wide web at the age of 20   fts
"ahhh this is why i can't order stuff online, can't stop checking on the tracking <propfemale>"
"i'm a freshwater fish, and all the other fishes are salt water fish     so that your fish in the sea analogy and stick it where the sun don't shine"
why can't grass cut itself
if ur trowing a party hit me up
i don't know how i'm going to make it through this semester 
all i have to say is lol
if only i had my car up here
i am so anxious to end this chapter of my life but really scared of having no idea what on the next  annoyed 
i waited 1 month to see that amazing smile  laugh 
easter baby!!!!!
did you forget or do you just not care
ugh   long day ahead of me
tosh 0
can i find one freaken comedy movie that doesn't have fucken romance! fml
"this is going to be harder then i thought, fuck u tobacco!!!"
"would you rather climb a really tall, steep mountain or climb the same mountain that isn't as steep but take more time climbing?"
just pulled an amazing solo out of nowhere
can anyone say bs
if your happy i'm happy   so freaken be happy fool lol
well it's official today is going to suck suck suck!
is feeling dumb good tonight lol
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway 
going to see the green hornet   hit me up
 smile  i see light!!!!
"""i was driving down the road and i saw a guy holding a sign that said heaven   so i hit him"" hahahaa"
it just won't go away
this should be fun
ok everyone is getting accepted how about me!!! come-on drexel
great 34 more days of this shit
i'm not fighting a battle i can't win
that was just a perfect weekend!!!
thank u lord for the creation of the pool
html5 is sick
even though e is good in a club it's bad in the car   thank god my car is f
my room is so freaking cold i can't even sleep ahhh
i forgot how much i love linkin park's old music!!!  playful  f there new crap they need to go back!!!!
"2 years at this place and i still haven't accomplished the 2 biggest goals in my life, i'm walking away from this place with an empty pocket, alone, without knowing what the future holds "
 smile 
hard till then end!!!!
finally did my last parade ever and now it's on to hooters!!!
"""i blew up the building because you made a phone call"" enemy of the state      badass movie"
half up this stupid hill playful 
cock is my best friend
i have to survive this week on 4 dollars  annoyed  doesn't look like i will be doing anything fun this week 
i hate the f'n itchy eye!!!!
pacha!
"have you ever knew a girl in middle school and u were like hell no, then you see her now and your like wtf happened omg lol     can't wait to get a time machine hahah"
"im tired of one sided conversations fucken talk to me, say hi, say something    its not like we go to the same freaken school or something "
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling "
i have 29 days to turn this idea into a business 
jumping in my stang and heading to hargrave!!!!!     never thought i would be this happy to go back to the grave!!
i love my mommy  smile 
it's all downhill from here  playful 
 sad 
i am about to embark in what might be the most climatic and stressful week of my life!!
wet dreams do cum true
"i found it, it's right there in front of my eyes, everything i ever wanted is right there, again i stand and watch because if i take another step i'm going to hit my head on the thick glass wall"
"""dude she just called you fat""""oh hell no, hold my cake""  playful "
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
"i can't believe i just heard those words       ""this your last parade"""
you can't handle the truth
"the grass is greener on the other side    but how would i really know, i never seen it!"
is starring up a really steep hill
"you're just depole, your like one of us   "
i'm an only child but yet i have a brother and sister  playful 
good things come to an end   but considering i never had a good thing does this mean good things just started   
there's a somebody for everyone                     right
preparing for christmas hoah
"what  summer has already started, where's my drink at!!"
i really want to leave this town
"finally got a new battery, now my laptop actually is a laptop again!  laugh "
there aren't words that can e playful lain how bad i wanna skip this chapter
"""i herd say hey hey"""
bull shit
some problems just never go away
finally home and finished my last year of military school i will ever attend in my life 
"what ever happens, happens im not about to repeat the same stupid cycle   to be continued"
tosh is the new <propmale> cook
can u just accept me already!!!!!!!!
i wish the first word i ever said was quote so right before i die i can say unquote
why must every company <propmale> me now when i have no money
"it hurts and it hurts deep, <propfemale> has paid its toll   but i keep smiling eventhou i know i'm lying  annoyed )"
pacha!!!
"see that, it's my middle finger, yea thats right i'm sick of it"
i really wish i had a daily hangout friend here at cabrini    more than a gf honestly i can't stand being so alone on the weekends grrrrr
watching an extremely accurate recreation of the world trade center attacks and it makes me so angry and sad at the same time 
oh warm <propfemale> summer weather where <propmale> thou!
omg im soooo boored    someone talk to me!!!! lol
no more macbook for a week and no phone for a couple hours    fml!!!!
drexel     you have failed me
i least i got accepted somewhere
study then party   sounds like a good saturday to me
one more class!
meagen <propfirst> is the greatest sexiest girl i've ever met!!!!  smile 
its time for some fresh shoes
"you can't replace someone but you can find someone different, and different can be better "
in the beginning go made heaven and earth    then everything else was made in <propfemale>
just when i start feeling a little better you turn up the intensity yesssss lol
bring it on javascript!
where the hell is my reset button 
yea i know it's 4:40 in the morning but that means it's been i good night
noooo facebook change the chat message sound back to a pop
"say ""<propfemale>"" and ""q"" as fast as you can "
when they said a rav party they weren't kidding
must today keep reconfirming what a bad day it is
woke up in a wine cellar this morning wondering where the heck are my keys
omg apple u did it again   ps the new iphone is going to re-invent how we communicate
"it's stuck in my mind, it makes me feel sick, it makes me angry, it makes me feel like a failure     but i can't stop thinking it"
vibrate is far from silent
   speechless
"its paper season! just think of the keyboards right now typing away, and all the kid modifying there papers to make the longer then they were originally "
my problems are 130miles away  smile 
got a dj gig coming up    now i gotta find all my crap lol
facebook is to social as reality tv is to reality
don't feed <propmale>
 playful 
just saw the social network   holy crap!
you know a song is good when you don't leave ur car till its over
ima gona hava longa day     say that 10 times as fast as you can
here's to <propmale> kostich for liking just anything you post lol  wink 
"take one last good look, put it on top of the pile, slide the box under the bed and start my new day    thats i have to say"
home improvement sucks   
"a three person bedroom, r u kidding me!!!"
"rain rain go the fuck away, seriously i got class across campus "
"i just don't get it, what you want is right here "
"what a crapy and e playful ensive night, two thumbs down"
finally got some sponsors under my belt  smile 
who the hell makes pants without pockets!!!
"was looking forward to finally going home, but now i don't even want to go home "
"appreciate what u got boy, some people would give up a lot to have what u have, such and unfair world "
forgot how much fun theme parks where
church day
 smile 
i wish that was about me but don't be silly depole
life's starts when i graduate  laugh 
one
you know its a real party when your drinking beer from a bottle
ahhhhhhhhhi love to pratyyyyyyyy clubssssssssssssssssss
is it possible to be on the show intervention for being addicted to bass
a good dj spends at least 30 to 40 hours a week listening and finding new music 
i hunger for a college party!!!
"if you ignore a text, or fb chat message it's like im walking up to you and you look away and pretend that you didn't see me "
the hits just keep on coming
21 lines of code just for a webpage that has two words on it omfg programing is gona suck ahhh
   what do you care
my phone doesn't vibrate as much as it use to
"whatever!! i gotta just live with what i got, thanks for nothing"
i never thought i would ever have to say this   but i have to get use to not hating my school  smile )))))
"my heart beat slowly risesi depress the break i look over the horizon tail lights start turning red like tree lights sparklingmy car comes to a stop my fist punching the horni @*&$%#@$%*(#$ hate traffic"
sushi time  playful 
this room is sick playful 
someone ask me what does idk mean and i said i don't know and she replys omg nobody does lolol
my shoe size is 13
hello  smile  hit me up
sometimes i wish i could beat myself up     but who would really win the fight
haha that was funny as hell   my week as officially started
"when bad things come and go, why do they have to all come at the same time?"
oovoo  say that 5 times in a row upside down while walking on your hands under water  hit me up!
samsung epic rocks !!!!
click click booom
diet starts        now !
"when you're stressed you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate, and sweets  why? because ""stressed"" spelt backwards is ""desserts """
the new facebook app for android is better then the actual facebook haha good job facebook
i can just barely touch  probably will never be able to hold  pretty much describes the last 3 yrs 
"i wanted to send you something sexy for, valentines, but the mailman told me to get out of the mailbox"
is going to be offline for a little while  im breaking down and rebuilding myself mentally   ttul world  smile 
"its not what you know, its who you know"
i wish i could over-clock my brain!
yet another test tomorrow ugh
yessss the ipod touch finally got a camera!!!!!
"bullfuckenshit my classes get harder, my work get longer, my ass gets fatter, my mom get angrier, my pay gets cut, but noooo god u can't get me a girl fuck that     i'm off to the gym"
"this is going to be harder then i thought, fuck u tobacco!!!"
this is weird   i have been in a good mood all week hmmmm something's wrong lol
"age of 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn't really know everything  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16: momdoesn't exist  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, lets ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wis   h i could ask mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world!"
"i got <propfirst>, my nigga (<propmale> haha), and <propfemale>, i don't need anyone else    well maybe one more  playful "
time to crank out some homework
u r the worst best thing that ever happened to me  i want to erase u but i could never get myself to  i'm pretty sure i speak for a lot of people 
i can't stay in one place more then two hours without any friends or family members around!
"today i was the bartender, the dj, the bouncer, and the light crew i am the man!!"
am i seriously stuck with a computer with 500mb of ram and a pentium 4 chip all week     i'm going to die
that last <propfemale> party might of changed my life
today i was in a fire house training physicality setting up a server noticed that today was 9 11 when i was setting up the date  god bless all those who lost their life during the attacks!!!!!
i had such a busy day   thank god its over    or is it dam hw haha
patch of gravel + rear wheel drive = instant fun
i hate this f****n feeling go away!
i'm not tired just my eyes are wtf lol
not one person hit me up the whole day  laugh  hell yesss
someone please tell me a joke   i need a good joke right now 
i finally have my own desk at work  laugh 
"u would think of all the girls in this school, i would get at least one nibble, is my bate  oh well there lost!"
did i really just create a social network overnight?!
<propmale> <propmale> can rip pages out of facebook
i'm an entrepreneur baby
"u came for a hug, u left with tea, popcorn, lolol <propfemale> random i know "
music can change my mood in seconds
dogfish head is my new brew
if this day couldn't get any fucken worse   i lose my fucken phone thanx!
"no one likes movng on, getting over, or just forgetting buts something we all gotta do it some more then others lolol f it life is too short to care  wink "
"hit me up, ask me to chill, be my friend, because it makes me forget about the bs"
www thefootballconnection com is finally up!!! yup i'm a ceo now
jackass 3d!!!
i'd like to thank the person who looked at a buzzing bee-hive and thought   those bastards are hiding something delicious i know it
"<propfirst> zuckerberg was born in white plains, ny hahaha"
complete fucken failure
open your eyes alittle wider and maybe what ur looking for has been there   waiting   and waiting for u
hello  smile 
"i got my nigga <propmale>, my brother code, and my closet friend bridge, what more could i ask for  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"look away, maybe u won't notice"
if there is a limit on how much your brain can handle   i reached it
that hole just keeps getting bigger
i think this week is going to be alright
this week is going to have a rough start guaranteed  hug?
it early in the morning hoah
too sore to even breath lol
im trying to fetch water from a well that doesn't have any water
i need to hire an assist lol i have too much work to do ahhhh anyone interested lol that's right <propfirst> wilder style  playful 
life needs an eject button
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tsqxqgaasug&feature=player_embedded
if i had 25cents for every-time i heard someone's cell phone vibrate and i would rush to grab my phone and realize no one texted me      iets just say i wouldn't be in college anymore 
well it's official today is going to suck suck suck
the f depole you messing up mad hard
"maybe if i wasn't so fat a lot of things would be different   yea i said it, im not oblivious"
"ok ok ok i get it, the almightily wants it his way     but honestly must u rub it in my face, i can only take so much "
i wish yo       i wish
well tonight is going to rock rock rock      hopefully lol
"your not alcoholics until your graduate, right now your just college students"
"a lot of people are afraid of heights  not me, i'm afraid of widths "
gasps   exams exams exams
got an a on a presentation that took me an hour to put together lol i guess things are getting better       slowly
where the hell is this train it should of been here like yrs ago   
finally back in my warm bed
i love it when girls constantly complain how guys are dush bags and they can't find good men when you just rejected one
"im feeling good today, for some reason lol"
she is fine but she's not mine
"does anyone else do a three pocket check (wallet, cellphone, keys) before they leave anywhere lol"
when i'm behind the wheel of a car my favorite color is green
i don't want to look at another computer screen for a week   my eyes are going to burn out of my sockets
damm i gotta be up <propfemale> dam early ahhh
i put my xbox achievements on my transcripts for college  i got accepted to princeton  mlib
"it sucks when you put a lot of time, energy, and money into something or someone when it doesn't nor did it ever matter "
it was pretty dumb of me to install a light with a switch
what <propmale> thou todo tonight
should i switch to sprint?
sooooo tired
your night just ended but my night is just starting
some people can't sleep because they have insomnia  i can't sleep because i have internet connection 
if you pretend that you have a salt shaker in your hand and shake it in your mouth you can actually taste salt!
gotta learn how to enjoy the small things because the big things are only wanted when you can't have them   humans were an operating system it would be windows vista
the gas pump    where you just watch you money go my the <propfemale>
2 hours of sleep last night and a 6 hour class at 10 in the morning   someone kill me now   ps philly has the worst roads in the world
the only thing i like about the cold weather is that my car is now a refrigerator
men are like bank accounts  without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest 
i went from windows to apple to google   who's next
i got 24 cans of my favoriate medicine
it's funny how you won't remember some of the best times in your life
no macbook for a week    and i have a website client i'm meeting this weekend    i'm screwed
its funny how i can go weeks off of 8 dollars but when i do get money it finds its way out of my pocket no matter how hard i try to keep it in there
i became the monster i once fought
like a g6
people in 1950 proboly thought we would have flying cars but no we've come up with backwards ropes and rubber bands shaped like animals lol
i like holding the door for people who are far away so they have to run a little  playful 
"alight thats it, it's time to learn traktor, bring it on"
i think a car horn should sound like gun shots     i bet you would move then!!!!!
i have a bad feeling that i just started digging a new hole but the lack of opertunity makes me go against my own judgment   
<propfemale> new year and happy christmas
up to my knees in snow ahhhhhhh
i honestly don't know why i care   it is what it is
going to be at the <propmale> of prussia mall   hit me up!
"thanks to you, my dreams are gone and shattered!! damm alarm clock!"
laundry teaches us to be racist
"this year f*****g sucks, i don't want to be home anymore"
you have proven to me that you just don't care     i should do the same
"if tomatoes is a fruit, isn't ketchup technically a smoothie?!?!?"
i need you now more then ever! who ever you are     
not looking back
tosh 0!!!
"every time you get new music put them in playlists and don't delete them, it makes a timeline of your life and each one has it's own memories and flash backs"
   google chrome has a web app store!! apple is screwed lol
i know gold when i see it
earned 100 this morning now i'm going to the comedy club  smile 
i feel like a chicken with it's head cut off
