428
59b83862fefd4122effd658ed1f9a52a
24
-
just ate a happy meal and lovin' it   joyful 
just saw a full rainbow from her front yard!
is drawing a picture of <propmale> <propmale> (for a friend!!!)
hopes she wouldn't have to go anywhere anytime soon (crossing fingers) 
is slightly afraid of her midterm tests 
is tired  long day indeed 
had to clip off her super-long nails  at least it's easier to type!
was up at five this morning  outside  thank god for hot chocolate 
"painting kids' faces was awesome! they squirm around a lot, though   joyful "
my hair is now long enough to put in a ponytail! (though it is very short  playful )
i love to draw people's pictures  (ps: i don't charge!  laugh )
"just got back from a haunted house in ocilla (cheesy, but fun!)"
today was an awesome day 
back still hurts  (the painful pain!)
"won't be going to school tomorrow, gotta take daddy to the airport for him to go to iraq  i give him my best wishes for his new job "
"""if you live to be a hundred, i would want to live to be 100 minus 1 day, so i never have to live without you "" -<propfemale> the pooh he can teach us many things "
"oh yeah, i'm exempt from all my finals  my holidays have already started  joyful "
i yelled at a spoon under your bed because i'm awesome!
going to valdosta airport today to bring daddy home  happiness levels have excelled capacity   laugh 
it's snowing  oh my god 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tzq3srbyeuy&feature=related
love is friendship on fire  love 
<propfemale> 
"hates how hollywood believes that making a remake of a great film makes it even better  in most cases, it fails miserably "
loves the cold weather ?
"piglet: how do you spell love? pooh: you don't spell love, you feel it  ?"
"is feeling better, though her body feels like it's made of lead "
guess who finally got her learner's permit?  laugh 
it's sad when you're the oldest and you now receive hand-me-downs from both of your gargantuan younger siblings  annoyed 
"""millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy sunday afternoon "" -<propfemale> ertz"
"thanks to everyone who wished me a very happy birthday! ( playful s: before this year, i have received ""birthday licks "" now i see why    troubled "
bronchitis isn't fun   sad 
"look up to the sky and what do i see?something that resembles <propmale> kong crossing his arms gansta-style lesson learned: cloud watching can be crazy-awesome "
"why hello, facebook  it's been a while hasn't it?"
"no matter how many times you've used it, you will always jump when the toaster is done toasting  don't think your too cool for it "
"mom: ""that's not a daddy longlegs, that's a spider from hell!"""
just got back from my little brother's first soccer game  2-1 yay!
"serendipity (n )1  good luck in making une playful ected and fortunate discoveries2  currently my favoritest word in the universe"
"just got back from her procedure   remember kids: having your big toe freeze-sprayed, completely numbed and wrapped up will cause you to walk like a peg-leg pirate "
