269
2f2715ad375a34ed99d36e8d176a06c2
17
-
"interesting. i now keep getting targeted ads about lesbian cruises. i'm not going to throw my bi-teddies out of the pram, though i do keep wondering what lesbian quoits entails.  it's clear that my knowledge of cruises extends as far as jeeves & wooster isn't it?  i'm guessing quoits isn't the main attraction of cruise ships anymore."
feeling far more i will survive-y today. you can't keep a good woman down for long. especially not if she's got a dodgy back.
broken it.  running away.
"ironically i only came on here to reply to a message my cousin sent me... on myspace.  yeah, there really isn't much hope."
"got my result for creative writing ou (a215).  grade two pass, one lower than distinction. me being me, am gutted that i didn't get the bestest <propfirst> ever.  plus, very annoyed facebook keeps suggesting i do the friends thing with ex. she hates my guts, can live without the reminder."
"fucking heartbroken and weepy again. *head desk* when is this supposed to stop? it's been four months. i should be okay by now, right?"
"oops, appear to have just come out on facebook. meh, wtf? it suits the week i'm having."
i have realised that i have no fucking idea how to work facebook.
"noooooo!  facebook is starting to suggesting i ""friend"" my family.  the ones i never see.  that's not right is it? it's only a question of time before i start getting asked why i'm not married and don't have children on a daily basis. *head desk*"
"at work, watching people pack the office up.  the commute to stratford starts on monday. i really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, don't want to do it. does anyone have a helicopter they can lend me?"
worked my last day at the old av company i used to work for.  a generally good few years blighted by the ill manners of a few.   not sorry to leave.
"just wrote article for company tinterweb for ""soul feathers"" and written to local paper... pimpin' again.  playful   am off to hide in the coal bucket."
"thinking about huge pile of clothing in airing cupboard which needs putting away. i could run away, but i really don't have the petrol to get anywhere interesting. might as well just get in the airing cupboard then."
ou exam in 8 days!  eeeeeeeek!
"preparing for the new ou term. oh, in the form of a duvet day. nothing to say you can't study in bed with a damn good... *grins*"
studying. honest.
"singstar, curry and la famile. let's just ignore the photos posted by my beloved. i am as singularly photogenic as normal (i.e. not at all)."
got that sunday night feeling... *pouts*
my bestest was rem - losing my religion. nice to know all those angsty teenage years weren't a waste.
very nervously watching rugby.
"trying to get my head 'round transnationalism and really, just want to insert it up someone's backside. sideways. ho hum."
"if you have a wonderful woman, who helps keep the smile on your face.. who isn't perfect but is perfect for you.. who can be a grumpy, but gives the best cuddles & would protect you from anything.. who makes you smile, laugh, cry & sometimes drives u crazy ( all the time  wink  ), who is your soul mate n couldn't live without. post this as your status to say how much you love her! xx"
watching takeshi's castle and giggling at people falling off of things. i clearly have an evil side.
stomach cramps from hell are back then. joy.
dreadful game of rugby...
finished essay from hell. only 427 words over word count. yay... *falls over*
likely to be made redundant again. i'm dead good at stuff. can someone employ me please?
made a list of 10 jobs to apply for already.  no one can say i don't try at this working malarky.
"no: really.... do this........while on fb, look at your url address (in the very top box on your screen.)if you see ""http:"" instead of ""https:"" then you do not have a secure session & can be hacked.go to account-account settings-account security, click change. check the box(es),click save. change it as fb automatically has it on the non-secure setting! copy & re-post, please."
"i is being laughed at for collating a folder for our few days away in <propfemale> warwick and brumland... i can't help it. once a camp leader, always a camp leader!"
"when getting out of bath to <propmale> errant hound, do try not to; a) do the splits, b) clack leg on bath, c) bash ribs on sink and d) attempt to give oneself brain surgery via stoving head in on toilet.  i can report having accomplished all of these things that it doesn't do much for one's dignity, sense of well-being or ability to find small dog."
