691
6446d8555111ee3a45aaf21453bb5bc2
29
-
thinks her mom is one of the worst people in the world 
"heard ""21 guns"" by green day on the radio when my dad and i went to costco, and i can't get the chorus out of my head   ""one, 21 guns put down your arms, give up the fight one, 21 guns throw up your arms into the sky you and i"""
is full of spaghetti and bored of summer 
"""throw it away, forget yesterday, we'll make the great escape we won't hear a word they say, they don't know us anyway watch it burn, let it die, 'cause we are finally free tonight"""
feels   um   anyone want to tell me how i feel? 'cause i don't know 
wants to scream loudly and punch a wall and smash my stupid freaking good-for-nothing piece-of-crap camera into infinitesimal pieces because even with the software it came with the pictures will not upload onto this stupid old outdated crappy computer lik
"i love days like today where all you do is sit around the house in your pjs and watch some of your forgotten favorite movies   they are quite amazing  sunburn gone on back most of thighs, not so much on shoulders   ugh "
is using my mom's imac because she said i could 
is finding the various cover arts for her favorite music albums of all time to make a background for her computer  might even put it on fb if i can   
has the sudden urge to go back in time and relive the best moments minutes hours days weeks of her life 
"has learned that sitting on the couch simultaneously listening to my ipod, watching the west wing, and reading a book does nothing to calm my anger for this crappy computer "
"at <propfemale>'s house, enjoying the change of scenery!"
one word: freerice 
dude  did anyone else know that <propmale> grint had swine flu?!
"i have officially succeeded in creating an amazing picture!!!!! this is soooo cool!!!!! (everyone else probably won't think it's all that great, but i think it's amazing, given my lack of technological knowledge!!!)"
baked ziti!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"""remember this day, lads   as the day that you almost caught captain <propfirst> sparrow!"" watching potc with my family minus <propfemale>"
i need a new ipod   
"i hate my computer!!!!!!! it won't play videos or sound!!! i mean, the sound is on and it works, but it just won't do anything!!!!!!!!!"
whoa  4th of july came quickly 
"just got back from the crews' house & i'm going back over once we all eat dinner! (<propfemale> crews is the coolest 9-year-old in the world--she has vans [the canvas, no laces type] and high-top <propmale> taylors!!!  laugh )"
is going to go pass out on her bed and probably won't wake up in time for dinner   oh well 
is exceptionally mad 
"dude  if it's an anime manga, it has a caramelldansen  i'm serious  go to google images and look up ""caramelldansen"" and you'll see what i mean  (i found obama and <propfemale> <propmale>!!!!!!)"
"knows a good torture method, if anyone's interested "
"is recuperating from the party last night   i think i had enough sugar to last me 20 years, and we still have boxes and boxes of little <propfemale> snacks   anyone want to help eat them?  playful "
"""i took one big step and i looked away and then i thought of all the things that i wanted to say i'm always too late, you never got your story straight i'm always up late, i think i'm everything you hate!"" can't   stop   listening   to   blg!!!"
"<propmale> movie potter mara   wait, what?"
"wants to go somewhere cool  if anyone wants to abduct me and take me to, like, the mountains or the northwest pacific coast, feel free!"
"just realized how crappy online manga is  the translators do a really bad job sometimes   i mean, really bad "
bored 
i feel all special and healthy and fit 'cause i spent an hour on wii fit!  laugh 
<propfemale>!!!!! come save me from the pit of despair and boredom!!!!! come baaaaaaaaack!!!!!!!!!!! i need someone to entertain me with stupid d  gray-man: the abridged series references   *sniffsniff*
"liked hp6, but was still disappointed in it "
doing more random crap on paint  (i can't decide how to do this one chick's eyes   it's so hard!!!)
"helped clean the office today, i really wish my computer would play youtube!"
more pics tomorrow!
"going to play uno with <propfemale> and <propmale> crews    it's better than sitting around reading manga online, which is pretty much all i've been doing this summer!  playful "
it appears that facebook is deserted today 
still has caramelldansen in my head  save me now 
"is laughing her butt off at the d  gray-man abridged series on youtube   ""it's so fun it'll make you want to jump in a pool of wasabi!!! with <propfirst> murphy!!!!!"""
"i found the sheet music to play the ""house m d "" theme on the piano on google images   must learn to play!!!!!  laugh "
crews' in a couple hours! party!!!  laugh 
two  more  weeks  until  beach!!!
at the beach using my sister's laptop  we have a kitten!!!!!!!!! i've named her andi and she is afreakingdorable!!!!!! she  love 's me!!!
"""do you, do you wanna lose it all 'cause this is more than just a dance hall drug, you can't wait to fall in love all i'm sayin' is do you, do you wanna learn to fly then you should pack it up and say goodbye, 'cause when the push comes to the shove it's "
"i wish youtube or playlist com would work on this computer, this song is about to drive me insane!!!"
"computer is spiffied up, still won't play videos or sound from the internet (even though we downloaded flash 10), but whatever--i hardly use either   laugh "
rawr 
"beach tomorrow, haircut today!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
"we have officially lived in union county for two years     man, i'm depressed   "
there is lightning and thunder  it is very loud  we had the best pizza for dinner!!!!!
"just realized that 1) if my ipod would sync to this computer and 2) if it could play videos, i could put some of my videos on it!!!!!"
is having fun laughing at random flair     laugh 
ew  no-face just ate the little frog guy 
i think that the real housewives of new jersey is a fantastically stupid show (but i still love it!) and my mom sister are two of the worst people in the world 
is terribly confounded by a personal problem 
"is   1) sunburned on the tops fronts of my thighs and all over my back & shoulders, 2) rediscovering music i haven't listened to in over six months, and 3) freaking tired "
"i can't sleep  again  am i developing insomnia, or is this just my body's stupid inability to relax enough for me to sleep before midnight?"
is it sane to have an orthodontist appointment at nine in the morning?!
"got home from <propfemale>'s an hour ago, took a really long shower, is now munching on doritos and listening to boys like girls   "
is fuming 
higurashi no naku koro ni is a very gory and disturbing manga series  why am i reading it?
<propfemale> jacumin needs to check out the flair i sent her!!!  laugh 
home now and missing andi (the kitten)  our dogs seem so big!
"will someone who can watch videos on their computer go to youtube, look up ""d  gray-man the abridged series"", watch episode 6, and comment on this status if the guy with the white-gray hair and the red scar under his eye has blue or brown-gray eyes? thank you "
just finished spirited away (dang! that movie's two hours long) and is officially in love with the soundtrack 
i found a creative way to not get bored and mad at the computer when it's being slow   draw chibis!!!  laugh 
i got my braces off a month early!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't sleep 
"from <propfemale> jacumin: she's a loser and doesn't have internet, and her new computer will have internet soon!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
listening to the white stripes 
"liked orientation, wishes that someone hadn't worn my rainbows in wet grass and left them all grassy so that the grass was dried on and wouldn't come off and i had to wear uncomfy shoes (well, ask <propfemale>, i mostly went around barefoot) and i have serious blisters!!!!!"
going to <propfemale>'s today!  laugh 
"don't you hate it when you have more than 2 songs stuck in your head at once? i have to have at least 4!!! and one of them is ""caramelldansen""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"""who said that it's better to have loved and lost i wish that i had never loved at all"""
"the party last night was fun, <propfemale> came over and we watched howl's moving castle and got a lot of new inside jokes from it "
"now using dad's computer, arguing with mom and <propfemale> about how to name the rabbit we're getting possibly next week and who named our old one  dad said we can't keep andi!!!!! i is sad "
had an interesting convo in dance class today   ms  <propmale> is terrific 
"downloaded itunes on this computer so i could plug in my ipod to charge while i have the computer speakers plugged into my ipod so i can listen to music  it'd be a lot easier if my ipod would sync to the computer, although then i'd have to keep re-syncing it to my dad's laptop  problems   "
orthodontist in   however long 9:40 is from now 
"the finales of seasons 3 and 4 of bones always make me want to hit something out of frustration   in the first case, because <propmale> gets pretty much arrested  in the latter, because the first 42 minutes of the entire 45 minutes of the show is a waste of <propmale>"
"go to youtube  look up d  gray-man the abridged series  watch episode 3 from 1:40 to 2 surprise 5  watch episode 4 from 6:16 to 6:50  watch all of ""exorcists on a boat""  laugh until you die "
i want <propfemale> to come back over   
we live on front porches and swing life away we get by just fine here on minimum wage if love is a labor i'll slave 'til the end i won't cross these streets until you hold my hand   
back from being out all day   
just got back from a pretty fun party @ the crews' house!
is pissed off that pacsun doesn't sell anything but skinny jeans any more  i can't freaking wear skinny jeans!!!!!
"making random chibi things on paint  right now i'm doing people from d  gray-man, next i'll probably do random friends  maybe people from another manga series, ranma 1 2 "
dinnertime!
"just finished howl's moving castle and i feel sorry for turnip-head prince   he's in love with <propfemale>, who's in love with howl, who loves <propfemale> back   poor turnip-head!"
i'm amazed  i just had the first really good first day of school in over 4 years  i'm afraid that <propfemale> will make tomorrow suck!!!
"i just found out that andi (my grandmother's kitten) slept on my pillow last night  o_0"""
just came back from the mart of wal   the lady pretty much put everything in its own bag!!! what a waste 
is craving ice cream with dark chocolate-filled wafer rolls my grandmother brought with her to the beach (and i ate pretty much all of them) 
"you know the one thing you're fighting to hold will be the one thing you've got to let go and when you feel the war cannot be won we're gonna die to try what can't be done gonna say-say i bet you don't care, now is there nothin' like that inside of you anywhere?"
"boy, do i feel stupid "
"exorcists  yeah  they do all kinds of crazy crap  they have to, like, hunt the akuma thingies, and, like, take down this fat guy  yeah, pretty sweet "
"now on chapter 98   kanda just cannot die, can he?"
nananananananana batmaaaaaan!!!
"you know what really annoys me? when you have to raise the volume really high on your ipod mp3 player to hear a certain song, and then it changes and your head gets blasted off "
"bored, about to take a pair of scissors and chop off all my hair  orthodontist in 2 days   ugh "
can finally get my pictures onto the computer directly instead of putting them on the old laptop and using a memory stick to transfer them!
"is it really sick for me to like the movie ""knowing"" if pretty much everyone dies in the end? really, someone (other than mom) tell me  i need to know "
is now really ticked off!!! i hate disney dvd digital copies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm on a boat aaaand it's going fast aaaand i got a nautical themed pashmina afghaaaan   
"<propmale> potter later, maybe border's "
nananananananananananananananana batmaaaan!!!
feels sick  this sucks 
<propfemale> jacumin's status came from my phone <propmale>  just to let you guys know    (i put this as a comment on her status and she freakin' deleted it! how mean is she?)
"had fun on youtube since <propfemale> let me use her macbook   haha   doom doom doom doom doom doom doom!!!!!!! thanks <propfemale>, you helped make my life "
"listening to random music on <propfemale>'s ipod   school tomorrow  excited for dance, not so much anything else (besides seeing my friends again and getting my ipod back) "
"goodnight world, i'm turning my mind over to the waves of sleep that i yearn for  don't worry--i'll come back tomorrow!"
wants <propfemale> to answer her cellular device so i can talk to her 
"wow, trigger is so fat     surprise "
"<propmale> gained 20 million cool points for not yelling at me for wearing his green day shirt, gray black jacket and this amazing hat at his party  for real "
"i started the d  gray-man series over again on friday, didn't read it at all saturday, and i'm already on chapter 86  -_-"""
birthday countdown: 4 more freakin' days!!!!!!!!!
vampire weekend  love 
"whoa! you know what i just realized? for anyone who watches bones, you know how booth and bones always go to the <propmale> diner after they finish a case? that same diner is in the ""nine in the afternoon"" video for a few seconds!!!!!!"
"d  gray-man 187 made absolutely no freakin' sense  and they're still on hiatus until november, and then they're changing to a monthly installment instead of weekly   whatsoever will i do for the next 2 5 months?!"
"must  have  guitar  hero  5  why, you ask? aaaaaaaa-----pppppuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! vvvvaaaaammmmmpppppiiiiiiirrrreeeee wwwweeeeeekkkkkkeeeeennnnndddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that's why "
"at this rate of procrastination, i'll have one outfit for the beach we're leaving for in two days  most of what i'm bringing to wear is still in the wash; the rest was thrown pell-mell into my (<propfemale>) suitcase this morning "
"thinks she pulled a muscle or something in her side, because it really hurts "
will officially have bad dreams tonight 
just got this mission from mystery google: mission: go to www mindblown webs com and post submission  i plan on completing it 
today feels like a good day 
today was the first good day i've had in over a week!!!!!!!!!
"my good day is officially ruined  thanks a lot, <propfirst> "
another performance tonight    3 hours of standing in the sound booth doing nothing  it's better than being backstage with the models 
rehearsal is killing me  pleeeeeeaaaaaasssssseeeeee let tomorrow go perfectly or ms  <propmale> will be out for blood 
"i a) had a pretty good day at school  b) learned that ms  <propmale> is a true believer in stretching muscles you never knew you had  c) am leaving for my grandmother's house because she might have totaled her car, even though volvos are impregnable (yes, its silver, for any twilight freaks out there), and mom's worried about her and dad is so overprotective that he won't let me stay at home alone for a couple hours "
doesn't know what to do   
is trying to figure out how to spell various french words for a dance assignment 
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! me and <propfemale> have 2 classes together!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yyyyyyyaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate my new retainer!!!
"""for he is the lord of all evil, the enemy of god, destroyer of mankind, antagonist of the series!   oh, and he's also the embodiment of youtube poop!"" ""seriously?"" ""well   yeah "" ""that's stupid "" ""oh whatever, he's the destroyer of mankind!"""
problem solved!  laugh 
"""so, this is the innocence we obtained off-screen eight months ago! this is what the <propmale> of the millenium is after   the source of an exorcist's power! but i wonder   what should i do with this salty-sweet sea salt ice cream bar?"""
"youth group tonight, possibly!  smile "
"hmmm, let's see if i can pass this one part in our new game without dying! maybe it'll work the seventy-second time "
you may say i'm a dreamer but i'm not the only one i hope someday you'll join us and the world will live as one
"""oh, bryn, you see through the dark, right past the fireflies that sleep in my heart   ""  love  vampire weekend"
ugh  school tomorrow 
"she got down on hands and knees, one hear against the ground, holding her breath to hear something but the dirt made not a sound tonight   "
"<propfemale> and i are so freaking weird  you just have to be part of our inner circle to understand our humor   actually, most of the time you have to be us "
"finally watched house and is ready to kill <propmale> and the writers of the show because this must mean that <propfirst> <propmale> is leaving the show, just like kal penn did  except i don't think he'll shoot himself in the head  but whatever "
is back from <propfemale>'s house!
"are we, we are, are we we are the waiting   in a green day mood"
i stabbed myself with the non-pointy end of a needle today in dance class  how wrong is that?
to anyone who wished me a happy birthday: thank you!!!!! i feel so loved  laugh 
"chatting with <propfirst>, he-who-really-needs-to-get-a-facebook "
"was it really necessary for them to play ""21 guns"" four seperate times during transformers 2? really?"
"going to youth group tonight, i get to see all my parkwood middle friends!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
for real? <propfemale> hathaway is the white <propfemale> in <propmale> <propmale>'s <propfemale> in wonderland? that makes no sense 
<propfemale>'s over  laugh 
i'm a beast  why? my facebook speaks in pirate 
"was made over by <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> in gym class, and watched imari be held down by every girl in our gym class and have gold eyeshadow applied by <propfemale>  laugh  fun times, fun times   "
loves pomegranate flavored tootsie roll pops  smile 
chapter 188 of d gray-man does nothing for the series!!!!! nothing!!!!!!!!! hurry up and e playful lain why kanda doesn't die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all the leaves turned red and yellow overnight   whatever happened to my beautiful in-between season?
"went to bed last night at 10 & woke up at 11, i think this is the first time this whole school year i've gotten more than 6-7 hours of sleep!  laugh "
"okaaaaaaay, chat's working now and i have 20 freaking notifications   "
definitely needs this 3-day weekend 
"just got back from <propmale>'s house, it's so effing cold outside!!!!!!!"
going out of town for thanksgiving break? poetry out loud tomorrow and i still don't know my poem   crap 
it's cold and rainy   stupid november 
why can't facebook just stop updating to all this random crap?!
"decided to try and do nanowrimo  i doubt i'll get it, but you know what? i don't care!  laugh "
"now has to memorize ""on inhabiting an orange"" by <propfemale> <propmale> before wednesday  fettucine <propmale> for dinner  laugh "
"'cause this is thrill-errrrrr, thriller night!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"is this the end or just the start of something really, really beautiful wrapped up and disguised as something really, really ugly?"
"is now, officially, afraid of <propfemale> jacumin's toothbrush named <propfirst> "
"just rewatched sweeney <propmale>, orthodontist later  terrific "
"i surpass all of you, for i have ""the lost symbol"" by <propfirst> brown  fear me "
"i can almost walk normally now  laugh  one day of crutches, one day of horrible limping, probably one day of slight limping, and then probably one day of almost-back-to-normal-minus-dance-and-gym "
"best  mlia  ever  today, my liitle sister was playing barbies in her room  when i walked by all i heard was ""first, my ninja barbies, we are going to destroy <propfemale> montana and her awful music, and then we will take over the world!"" i don't know whether to be terrified or extremely proud  mlia"
"i read the fml in question, and i find this hilarious  ""today, i read a story on fml about a girl who accidentally sent an email to her band teacher saying he was handsome  getting that email made my day  mlia"""
"angels & demons still didn't live up to my un-live-uppable standards, but it was awesome   laugh "
homework should be banned 
it's november already?!
"found an excellent mlia to tag <propfemale> jacumin in, but it's 200 characters too long for a status update   stupid facebook!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"things are shaping up to be pretty odd, little desks and musical beds, so it seems of someone i never met   "
"can't stop singing ""one"" from ""a chorus line""   jeez "
"back from the mall, picked out some christmas presents  laugh "
to write love on her arms  love 
the christmas banquet at jaars was so much fun! (dude in all black with the hot pink tie: you're in for it  you stole my amazing red suitcase  it's on )
"stupid ""fireflies"" keeps circling around in my head   i only know the chorus, too, which makes it even more annoying! i have about 30 words going around and around and around   "
"work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger, more than ever, hour after our work is never over   daft punk!!! <propfemale> jacumin knows what i'm talking about  laugh "
"exhausted  i don't know how i'm going to survive the week  <propfemale> jacumin, can i borrow your ipod for another day? pretty stunning gorgeous beautiful please? i promise i'll give it back someday!"
"<propmale> &  norah's infinite playlist is the most amazing movie ever  it has no plot or point, but it's hilarious!!!"
went to the mall today!  laugh 
ncdt tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"new pics, go check them out  laugh "
"kind of sad that the show is over   everyone at cata, pay $3 to skip out on 2nd block and see bits & pieces of it on thursday (i think)!"
why do i feel like i'm missing something?
"okay, so chat's ""down for maintenance"" and notifications aren't getting through   i'm taking a tylenol now because i just know this'll give me a headache "
"moment of win for ""the office"" fans  ""yesterday, my girlfriend and i dressed up as <propmale> and <propfemale> from the office  at one door when we were trick or treating, somebody dressed as <propmale> answered  when he saw us he said, ""oh, it's you two,"" set down his bowl, and gave us a peice of <propfemale> from his pocket  i'm afraid to open it  mlia"""
daft punk is awesome!!!
"no plans for halloween except to run all around my neighborhood with <propfemale> screaming out ""i'm a power ranger!!!"" anyone want to join us?"
sooooo tired  youth group later  happy and sad that we're not ever doing homebird or one again   this is weird   
"yes  yes  yes  i must do this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ""today, our school had a dress as a doctor day and a lot of people decided to wear scrubs  there would be a competition to decide who had the best costume  i dressed in jeans, a button-up, a jacket, and a cane, complete with converse  my name tag read house m d  guess who won the contest  mlia"""
"i am in love with the pirates of the caribbean soundtrack(s)  i want all 3, plus the soundtracks for <propmale> & <propfemale>'s infinite playlist and sweeney todd: demon barber of fleet street "
"holy crap holy crap holy crap the p i  guy is back on house and he's living with cuddy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! okay, who thinks that <propfirst> and <propmale> are getting a divorce? and who thinks that this is the last season? i hope it's not!!!"
"there are not enough words to describe how awesome house was this week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfirst> is leaving <propmale> already after 6 or 7 weeks of being married at most because he killed that dibala dictator, and then next week's episode looks amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you know why? <propmale> punches house with the cheesy sound effects and everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't wait until next monday  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"is now, officially, a fan of soul eater   love "
can't wait for christmas!  laugh 
"<propfirst> westerfeld is, officially, the <propmale> of awesome censorship  (see ""so yesterday,"" <propfemale> 118, at the bottom, for the awesomeness)"
"has a huge bag of crazy cores skittles, and wants to know why the heck everyone is changing their profile pic to a pokemon!"
"today, i walked into hot topic wearing my twilight shirt  i asked the salesman if they carried an <propmale> potter scarves  he quickly grabbed my arm and lifted it into the air and proclaimed to the entire store that i had 'seen the light'  mlia "
really wants to kill a certain person right now  can't say who 
nom nom nom 
"still working on my video, not sure how it's gonna turn out but i'm gonna keep trying!"
the most bothersome thing about <propmale> potter and the half-blood prince: <propmale> slughorn is missing a mustache 
last-second christmas shopping for the padre  oh boy 
"working on a new movie project! <propfemale> jacumin knows what i'm talking about  laugh  i have about 2 clips done, but one is 3 5 seconds and the other is 4    yeesh  loooong way to go "
"""<propmale>!"" ""sir!"" ""it's nearly nightfall! surely you understand i absolutely cannot allow you to wander about the grounds by yourself!"" ""well then by all means, come along then!"""
today was quite possibly one of the best christmases ever 
that party was so much fun!!!!!
"at her grandmother's house, taking loads of pictures of the <propfemale> doorknobs (no, this is not a mansion, it's just really old), the flowers, and the cats  well, it would be cats if i could find macon, but i can only find molly   oh well "
just found out that vampire weekend is coming to asheville in april  want  ticket  now  oh and their new album is great!  laugh 
"this is so screwed up!!!!!!!!!!! first they get the entire plot of the past, like, 5 or 10 episodes completely wrong, then they add in facts that are impossible, then this person doesn't die (for which i am very happy but still annoyed by), then they're adding in so much freaking suspense that inside my head i think i've broken a few windows, and it is just so screwed up!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm going crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"still working on my video, but now i'm trying to decide which parts to cut--i spent no time on youtube today, all i did was work, and now it's almost done!  laugh  i just have to cut pieces, add some more, and then put them all in order and hope everything goes where it's supposed to  oh jeez "
"so according to pandora, vampire weekend and green day are similar bands  indie pop  alternative punk  um, can we say no?!"
"dad's fine, his surgery went well according to him & mom  he's still pretty much half dead from the anesthesia "
all i can say about what just happened: epic win for the 6-year-old witch  epic  win 
listening to pandora   how did i ever live without it?  love 
"""see? see what happens to you when you don't listen to me? you die  you die dead """
loooooooooves my new macbook!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  thank you dad!!!!!!!!
"school  ugh  i couldn't sleep last night, operating on about 6 hours of sleep today "
"i have just finished the soul eater anime  i can say that i really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really love the manga so much more  too bad the manga isn't done yet and it left off at quite an epic point  gah  nothing to watch or read now   "
"i finally finished the video project i've been working on for the past week! take that, procrastination and commitment-issues!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"is not enthused about doing a hip hop piece in the upcoming concert, but is greatly enjoying this mandarin orange "
"just got up   stayed awake until about 3 a m  watching soul eater  didn't really like the ending, and i want to know how the heck they're gonna make the second season if the big main bad guys are all dead  the manga is so much better "
"we all live in a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine, we all live in a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine!"
"everyone is dying in soul eater!!!!!!!!! this entire story arc never happened in the manga so i've been practically screaming with the suspense and someone just died!!!!! and next episode is the one where another main character dies, if they keep with the storyline  aaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i learned a new word! it's floccinaucinihilipilification  i have no freaking clue what it means, but it was on demyx time!  laugh "
blue with polka dots  laugh 
hanging out with <propfemale> jacumin later at her church lock-in   see you all next year!
"still working on that exam for ms  <propmale>, and i have to write my critique tomorrow too  i really hate homework "
loves eating mandarin oranges because they make my fingers smell like citrus  now i can't stop sniffing my fingers  greaaaaat 
watching spirited away and just got to where chihiro meets komachi for the first time   i absolutely adore the sootballs!!!
just ate chinese food with chopsticks  i feel asian   laugh 
exhausted and waaay behind on writing her exam for dance   ugh 
noooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not <propmale> too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! first house cut his hair short and now they ruined <propmale>'s loverly long hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! noooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
's <propfirst> died    dx now i have to make another one!!!!!
"currently listening to ""icky thump"" by the white stripes   love!  laugh "
"i officially hate the soul eater anime  officially  i hate it  i hate it  i hate it  i hate it  this wasn't supposed to happen  it didn't work this way  everything is wrong  this person doesn't die, and that person isn't supposed to die, and this person is supposed to be somewhere unknown, and that event never happened, and this event was supposed to happen but didn't  so much is wrong with it  i hate it  i hate it "
is listening to vampire weekend's new album even though it comes out in 6 days: they have the songs on their website!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
's night was just made by some awesome news from some guy i don't even know   laugh 
bbbbrrrreeeeeaaaakkkk!!!!!!!!!!! i can't wait to sleep in until 12 every single freaking day for the next 2 weeks 
i don't know if i'm excited for tomorrow or not   
gets to sleep in late tomorrow and walk into school at 1  laugh 
just made <propfirst>  laugh  ( <propfemale> jacumin: the sora show!!!!!)
"is watching house while on the phone with <propfemale> jacumin  can we say ""difficult?"""
"had a lot of fun at the mall! i got a dress, belt & necklace for the b&w semiformal this saturday, a dairy <propfemale> blizzard, a rise against t-shirt, and a transformers belt buckle!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"making another soul eater amv, hopefully this one won't get deleted off of youtube like my last one did "
shopping with <propfemale>!  laugh 
"not entirely thrilled about living in the same house with my family, but when have i ever been?"
a whole month before house comes back on   gah 
feels slightly less nauseous dizzy woozy after eating some chicken pot pie and apple slices 
at the <propfemale>'s house  laugh 
"now has a total of 51 seconds for my video  can we say, holy crap i'm actually committing to something?!?!?!"
"must have every single parlé productions t-shirt  (they've gotta be the men's ones though, there are more of those and plus one of them has an extra line on it that isn't on the women's version of the shirt) i especially want the one about floccinaucinihilipilification  and the defenesized biatch shirt  and the ""twilight isn't literature!"" shirt  jeez, i just need all of them "
feels accomplished because her mlia got published   laugh 
"so according to american eagle outfitters, my name is emike muse  i think something went wrong with our communications, but i'm not changing it "
's legs feel like they are about to fall off   doing the wall stretch for 5 minutes and then doing a whole bunch of crap in p e  an hour and a half later is not very fun 
went to school for a total of 2 hours 
"is really freaking ticked of at youtube and wmg music for not letting me upload the video i spent a total of about 3 days' worth of hours on  <propfemale> jacumin and <propmale> parot, just know that tomorrow i will be out for blood  stay at least 1 mile away if you don't want to be at risk "
"goodnight   or good morning, if you round up the time and say it's 12  depends on what kind of person you are "
"so avatar was the best movie of the century, for sure "
"if we all become new people in the new year, what happens to the old person? do they dissolve into the past? do they haunt us like a ghost? or do they simply vanish?"
"is definitely screwed  how am i supposed to turn in a critique when a) i'm not going to school tomorrow, and b) i wouldn't even have that class if i went to school?"
meh 
not in a happy mood 
feel extremely special  laugh 
is so totally screwed 
"soooooooooo sore  going to bed early  as in, now "
boo-yah!!!!!!! shinigami-sama just pwned asura with a reaper chop!!!!!! boo-freakin-yah!!!!!!!!!!!!
"to anyone who says dancing isn't a sport: we have to be flexible, smart, fast, able to remember a whole lot of steps, know what all the stage directions mean, know how to count music and tell when our cues are, and all sorts of other stuff  so suck it "
meh 
extraordinarily bored 
"""a door left open, a woman walking by a phone on the table, a look in the eye a drop in the water, a man on your side or someone that you think that you can trust, it's just another way to die"""
it snowed a little bit!  laugh 
ugh 
"i doubt i'll ever get all this hairspray and body paint off of my body   and i have to do it all again on monday! 'cause this is thriller, thrill-er night! to people in general: the cata show has been moved to monday! <propfemale> jacumin, <propfemale> <propmale>, anyone else who i've told: the second show is on monday, same time, same place, same cost "
dude  house next week looks awesome 
"good morning world, now give me chocolate "
oh jeez  rehearsals start tomorrow  someone shoot me now and put me out of my misery 
"soooo i have a ton of homework, plus other stuff i need to do   ugh "
"saw some interesting sights on the bus ride home   a random guy wearing one of those huge camo jackets holding a rifle and sitting on his porch, some dude who looked just like <propfirst> <propmale>, and a kitten that was 2 different colors "
so the show tonight could've been better (coughsoundcough) but all in all i think it was pretty freaking good 
meh 
just woke up and i have an hour before i have to be at school    laugh 
"???????watashi wa ninja no yo ? that means ""i'm a ninja!"" in japanese   laugh  thank you google translate!"
"wants to simultaneously punch, strangle, and shoot funimation for getting such crappy voice actors for the english dub of soul eater  i'm sure <propfemale> jacumin agrees with me "
"so the pep rally was only fun because of the surprise ninja fight and the teachers in drag  other than that, it sucked  (the freshman class has nooooooo spirit x3 )"
woke up waaaaay too early  stupid sun 
"is thinking about a lot of things, and not all of them are nice  i need a haircut and contacts too "
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not the new facebook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very sick  ugh 
"<propmale> <propfemale> and <propfirst> fry are absolute genius  especially <propmale> <propfemale>  (watching random bits of ""a bit of fry and <propfemale>"" on youtube right now, it's terrific x3 )"
nuuuuuuu!!!!!!! sugar was voted off!!!!!!!!!! dangit 
"3rd day in a row that i've had a 104 105 fever, leaving for the nearest free clinic as soon as mom looks them all up  <propfemale> jacumin, i blame you for not knocking on wood last night after you said ""i hope you don't go to the hospital""   playful "
"watching survivor, really happy that <propmale> and sugar and <propmale> are back (3 of my favorites!!!), and staying home again tomorrow  i'd love to see <propfirst> go home right now and be replaced by <propfirst> fairplay "
i heard the birds singing and the crickets chirping today   i don't have the heart to tell them that they're a couple months early 
"does anyone know if the show is cancelled tomorrow, too?"
"so house tonight wasn't the best but it was still pretty good  not looking forward to tomorrow, just because it's school "
so i just got back from the clinic  apparently i have a uti   with virtually no symptoms  i feel like i should be on house   laugh 
"someone adopt me, now  i'm serious  i can't stand living with these imbecilic jerks who call themselves my ""family """
"""hey, you can't have a complaint, we haven't even started class yet!"" *glare* ""your necktie sucks "" ""   it's in style!""  laugh "
might possibly go outside and take pictures of the snow 
meh 
baby <propmale> <propfemale> is here to stay x3
school  need i say more?
"i want a baby hedgehog that will turn into an adult hedgehog  (as opposed to, like, a mudkip or something )"
"so does everyone remember that mailer from american eagle i got a month ago that was addressed to one ""emike muse?"" well, she and <propfemale> muse are apparently 2 different people, because i got a mailer from aerie and she did too  i feel like i've beaten the system  > smile "
"oh, how i love old disney songs   i've been listening to ""strangers like me"" and ""i'll make a man out of you"" for the past hour  i used to sing these all the time   what happened to those days?"
"according to mrs  pentecost, we are in high school because we're not mature enough for college  hm, that's funny, i'm pretty sure the reason i'm in high school is because i'm not legally old or educated enough to go to college, but i could be wrong "
"you must be swift as the coursing river, with all the force of a great typhoon, with all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the moon   going to watch that movie now x3"
"so ""bad romance"" is an idol-worthy song? that's rather interesting  (don't get me wrong, i love that song, but i think it's strange that it's on the idol song list)"
"jeez  my neighborhood sucks at handing out <propfemale>  at least me and <propfemale> got to a) make our hair stand up, kind of b) go trick-or-treating in our made-in-10-minutes costumes and c) sit out on the driveway and have fun with glowsticks!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"working on my choreography, and taking occasional breaks (like now) to check facebook and work on <propfemale> jacumin's birthday present  smile "
"she lives in a fairytale somewhere too far for us to find, forgotten the taste and smell of a world that she's left behind,  it's all about the e playful osure, the lens, i told her the angles were all wrong, now she's ripping wings off of butterflies   "
i'm so tired i might just go to bed right now 
"finally has her costume for her solo!!! not exactly what i wanted, but it'll do "
"dog-sitting this weekend, not doing much else aside from cleaning up my solo and working on a science project  fun fun fun   playful "
"still sick, probably not going to school tomorrow   again "
"just got back from wal-mart, when we got there there were girl scouts and dad said that we'd buy some thin mints and tagalongs on the way out but when we left they were gone  tt^tt"
"so rehearsal was let out about an hour early because of the snow, and i'm just now getting on facebook  oh, have i mentioned enough times how my solo is the fifth dance of the entire concert?!?!?!?!?! tt^tt"
singles awareness day is upon us  joy 
has rediscovered the reduced shakespeare company on youtube   look it up  laugh 
so miss saigon is the best thing evar  go watch it  now 
"today, in my microbiology class, i learned that the h1n1 virus is the same strain as the spanish influenza of 1918  <propfirst> cullen had the spanish influenza and h1n1 just started to surface when he came into the limelight  i blame him, not the pigs  mlia"
the show is halfway over! tt^tt and apparently i look like i've been taking hip hop classes for my entire life   and i've never taken a single one   
i slept from 11 smile 0 to 1 pm last night  that's 13 and a half hours  i think i'm ready for the show tonight 
ugh  school 
"okay, so i love the rsc even more now that i'm finally listening to all 170 20-minute-long podcasts i downloaded a while ago  it's not all about about shakespeare--it's the most random crap that i've ever heard, and for some reason i find it hysterical "
"in ten minutes, my computer will announce to me that it is 10 surprise 0 in a creepy stalker voice at top volume  i love macs   laugh "
no comment 
"is fairly pissed off now, and doesn't want to talk about it  that means no comments "
"trying to get my act under control, and failing majorly  hopefully tonight will make it better "
good morning 
"(i'm sorry for the third status update in under an hour, but i just can't resist  this is the last one, i promise ) ""ash, whaddya say?"" ""well, right now, i wish my mom had named me <propmale> instead of ash   """
i'm watching pokémon the movie 2000: the power of one and i am legitimately in my happy place   laugh 
"and in the sea there is a fish, a fish that has a secret wish, a wish to be a big cactus with a pink flower on it   "
hates time changes 
has a lot of homework to do   hopefully i'll finish it soon so i can go on tegaki and start drawing <propfemale> nomming on his giant cheeseburger  laugh 
"finally home, going to choreograph the last 18 seconds of my solo then working on science  fun fun fun     playful "
drawing more random stuffs on tegaki  x3
"words cannot even begin to describe how simultaneously freaked out, amused, happy, and slightly disappointed i am now that i've read the newest 3 chapters of soul eater on onemanga  (they finally got them up!!!!!!! jeez!)"
"""prepare for trouble that you've never seen   "" ""and make it double, 'cause we're on the big screen!"" team rocket ftw! x3"
"if you put a box of thin mints in the freezer for approximately 5 to 8 minutes, then take them out and eat them, they taste delicious "
[insert snappy remark here]
"""i was playing dolls with my brother’s girlfriend’s four year old daughter  we were playing hospital  she looked at me and said  ""alright, now we need to sit around and discuss her diagnosis "" turns out she watches ""house"" every week! immd!"" <-- i must meet this child"
"is enjoying pandora  oh, how did i ever live without flash?"
is shocked by my deviantart stats   a lot more people than i thought have favorited downloaded all my pictures!
"over halfway done with my science project, about to go research board game rules for <propmale> class (don't ask), and probably not doing my geometry until later tonight or tomorrow morning  i'm proud of myself   laugh "
hasn't eaten dinner yet 
going on stage in 3 hours   ugh   so not ready!!!!!
"wow  this is so sad  a georgian (the country, not the state) luger died this morning in practice on the luge course  the entire opening ceremony is now dedicated to him  rip, young man whose name i do not know "
"well, watson won jeopardy, so ibm can rejoice!"
all i want is hall's fruit breezers   annoyed 
this envelope from oberlin college & conservatory mentions albino squirrels and womb chairs  i don't really know what to make of this 
i feel like i'm coughing up my lungs   annoyed 
if <propfirst> isn't instantly booted off of this season i will <propfemale> abc 
miyazaki marathon ftw  (even though i only have 3 movies   playful  )
if i can't go to school tomorrow i am going to cry 
i'm going to school today!  laugh 
"well, i have the flu   annoyed "
"and who, in case she doesn't <propfemale>, can say she started with a bang? <propfemale> hart!"
surreality 
i will not hear what you have to say 
you were wrong all along 
"the next episode of ""house"" is going to be a musical    have i died & gone to heaven?"
i am extraordinarily glad that i was not at cata to witness that event  i think i would have thrown up  and punched officer parlor in the face  that too 
it takes a lot of lists for me to successfully pack for a long trip 
i want to swim with whales 
"forget your troubles, come on, get happy; you'd better <propmale> all your cares away   "
home!
"definitely not ready for auditions tomorrow  do i *have* to go to the music audition, or can i just go to dance?"
"well, that audition went badly "
it's empty in the valley of your heart 
"when you're good to mama, mama's good to you "
why is <propfemale> bonham <propmale> such an amazing actress?
"oh, please don't cry, you liar "
ba ba americano 
"so i might not be able to do ""a chorus line"" anyway "
"you know what really upsets me? the lag on certain episodes of ""murder, she wrote"" from netflix instant streaming "
i love stories 
i feel like this hail is going to fall through the roof  anxiety at its finest 
rise against's new album is amazing  just saying 
"you musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling "
all the disney movies made in the '90s are impeccable 
just performed a rescue mission for a baby mockingbird 
so i'm riding a different bus in the afternoon than i am in the morning   i am going to die if this  means <propfemale> jacumin and <propmale> <propfirst> aren't on my bus  dx
"glee i am disappoint b|"
"cette mélodie hante mon cerveau, cette mélodie qui a été une fois de nous   "
"cannot  stop  mentally  singing  ""cellblock tango """
"watson didn't know who killed <propfemale> burbage, mad-eye moody, and severus snape  this computer is a failure "
"""there's no point in staying home on new year's if i don't have manga and ice cream!"" --japan is funny sometimes   laugh "
now i want to go see the green day musical   it sounds amazing 
"walked around <propfemale> beach (i think) today, about to get back on the ferry  there are tons of seagulls around our car and one of them keeps staring at me   "
missed a ustream with the parle crew    dx
"i swear, keeping this food journal will make me go anorexic before the end of the week "
"'s brain might just e playful lode if i try to do something now   but it's either do geometry now with a half-dead brain, or at 2 in the morning with eyelids that won't stay open "
"for some unknown reason, my voice is dying, even though i didn't scream last night   oh jeez "
"new very spiffy phone, and they synced my contacts from my old phone  this couldn't get better   laugh "
so i've lived here for exactly 3 years today  fun 
"lately i've been getting this intense vibe from my parents that clearly feels like they're deeply disappointed that they're stuck with me as a daughter  trust me, the feeling's mutual "
"""snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked, 'are you intending to let him kill you?' 'certainly not  you must kill me ' there was a long silence, broken only by an odd clicking noise  fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone  'would you like me to do it now?' asked snape, his voice heavy with irony  'or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?'"""
"kidz bop should not be singing ""<propmale>"" or ""california gurls "" at all "
"micayla gott, you've converted me--rhps is now one of my favorite movies ever "
guess who forgot to pick up her dance textbook along with her english book at the parent meeting tonight? -_- google images it is   
"<propfemale> jacumin and i seem to have a never-ending argument about whether or not pokémon would be delicious if eaten  i say no and that it's cruel to eat them, she thinks they'd be tasty  discuss "
"so my fortune says ""nothing happines unless first a dream "" engrish, anyone?"
"deviantart changed all the icons to something about lady gaga  i mean, the icon of every single user on deviantart  wow   laugh "
"please put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice--people who are gay are not looking for a cure, but for acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least 1 hour?"
"bawwwwww, a happy ending for everyone   smile "
we'd better win this  i want a rematch against england 
happy thanksgiving! i'm watching the <propfemale>'s thanksgiving day parade  laugh 
quick question--has anyone heard of the principality of sealand?
meh 
you've just gotta ignite the light and let it shine 
i'm going to cry after the show tonight  i just know it 
working things out 
so tired   
"so just as kuroshitsuji gets really freaking interesting, onemanga doesn't have the next chapter  oh joy, another waiting game "
how am i supposed to pretend i never want to see you again? -vampire weekend =  love  -
"guess who's got a kitten named <propmale>?the muses do  laugh "
"is jamming out to 5 of the 8 hetalia character cds! russia's sounds freaking epic  like, death-metal-orchestra with an innocent-sounding voice  and <propfemale>'s is still awesome! and germany's is kind of weird at first, but you get used to it and it's really good! and england's has electric guitar! and france's   let's not go there   "
"so now i'm positively addicted to <propfemale>'s character song (from hetalia), and i don't even know what the translation is  it just sounds like pure awesome "
is well overdue for a total mental breakdown   let's see how long it'll take for it to hit 
i like chocolate and buttered bread far too much for my health 
and no one even knew it was really only you 
"now let's try to rip myself off of the computer and go type up my dance paper   and write my english essay   and study for my spanish test   and did i mention study my dance vocab? -_-"""
"she got down on hands and knees, one ear against the ground, holding her breath to hear something, but the dirt made not a sound tonight "
"if anyone pulls some stupid prank on me tomorrow, i swear, i'll rip their face off "
thinks spring might be here to stay 
"thank you, <propfemale>, for letting me have the best day i've had in a looooong time "
"day of silence tomorrow, haircut in a bit  laugh "
so the winners of the hetalia fancard competition have been announced  too bad i forgot to submit one 
spring break is over already? jeez  that was too fast 
"one light, one mind, flashing in the dark, blinded by the silence of a thousand broken hearts "
"leave me out with the waste, this is not what i do   "
i really want to go on the intimidator right now  or some sort of roller coaster  i need a thrill 
hates having to use fan <propmale> for references     annoyed 
the people in the condo above us are running around and dropping things   i feel like the roof's about to cave in on my head   _0
"this used to be a funhouse, but now it's full of evil clowns    <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>, i blame you for getting this song stuck in my head  d:<"
"oh my god, i think my feet might fall off  tt^tt"
"i swear, i'm becoming nocturnal "
so much to dooooo!!!!! someone save me tt^tt
"and if you come around again, then i will take the chain from off the door   "
accidents are bad  printing to the right printer is good 
"is now the proud owner of a silly bandz giraffe named <propfirst>, thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>  laugh "
"if the yellow light is blinking, what does it mean?a  slow down b  it's too timid to stay on c  time for a steroid test!d  it's definitely broken fun with <propfemale> jacumin and mcky sorgen in driver's <propmale>!"
they turned twilight into a graphic novel  i believe this is the point where society facepalms and wonder what went wrong with today's youth 
trolling on omegle is both entertaining and a fun way to procrastinate 
"i've got a feeling, if i sang this loud enough, you would sing it back to me   "
eh 
it's official: i survived my first year of high school  only 3 left   
"is it pathetic that the few seconds in where the wild things are where <propmale> rips up the little paper heart he gave to <propfemale>, then gently puts it back together, are really heartwrenching and tender? i just started crying in the middle of dinner because of that "
"at <propmale> <propmale>'s house, her <propfemale> is made of cuteness  laugh "
leet speak? wtf?!?! this is interesting 
"needs to draw  needs to write  needs to edit  needs to charge the camera and get pictures onto my computer  needs to do a project  needs to finish a way-belated birthday present  needs to do all these things, yet wants to do nothing "
"i swear, if those stupid people don't stop shining that effing green laser into my bedroom window i will personally march across the empty lot and skin the lot of them "
"getting started on gaither's flag project, even though i have ten thousand other things to do "
"next time you point a finger, i might have to bend it back or break it, break it off   "
"doing some serious room-cleaning  if no one hears from me after this, then it's quite likely that i was either eaten by some mutant creature living under my bed, or i died of exhaustion and dust inhalation "
i've spent all day downstairs playing videogames in my pjs  this is the one good thing about winter break 
so i really hate the fact that onemanga is being taken down and i can't read d gray-man any more  right after they got to the most epic cliffhanger ever 
falling in love with <propfemale> michaelson all over again 
why does no one in my family tell me anything anymore?
this bus driver is evil  i don't know how i'll stand a whole school year with her   
definitely not looking forward to the poetry slam today    tt^tt
"watching the a&e adaption of ""pride & prejudice "" this movie has grown on me over the past 6 years "
i finally succeeded in blowing all the seeds off of a dandelion in one go  too bad i didn't wish for anything beforehand 
"is getting re-obsessed with rise against, vampire weekend, and a few other bands i ditched upon discovering the hetalia character songs "
"dude, pokémon mini-floats   laugh "
"that eye doctor was   interesting  i got a trial pair of contacts   that i won't use a lot   and my glasses still aren't fixed   but hopefully, i'll be getting new ones relatively soon "
"i really hate the fact that most of the people who use the word ""legit"" don't understand that it's short for ""legitimate """
i do believe that my hair is about ten pounds lighter   laugh 
i believe in the great pumpkin 
"""i don't want my life to be like spiderman 3! i hate that movie!"""
<propfemale> jacumin <propfemale> dance homar ramirez new ygotas episode  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"okay, the internet's all good now  laugh "
aaaaand of course the oil is spilling again  funfunfun 
oh my god  this is awful    i can't believe something like this would happen! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh qw4w9wgxcq
"so i'm looking for a couple of beatles songs on itunes, and there's about a thousand versions of both songs  none of the ones i've seen are actually by the beatles themselves  oh, the irony   "
not very enthused about mr  drye leaving   
"i'm just trying to do my best; i'm not afraid of life, i'm afraid of death    (voxtrot is amazing  just saying )"
let's play a lovegame 
feels really awkward after no one understood my last status   my version of an april fool's joke that no one seemed to get 
"i actually own a pair of sunglasses now  this is, like, my fourth pair ever   laugh "
i'm actually looking forward to the diversity concert tomorrow  just not the whole being-there-at-11-to-perform-at-3 smile 0 thing 
"yesterday, my best friend slept over with me  the next morning she showed me a video of me mumbling 'the cake is a lie  the lie is a pie  the pie is a spy  the spy is <propmale> nye ' i'm not sure if i even want to know what i was dreaming about  mlia"
chocolate truffles are proof that god loves us 
not happy 
   
just got out of the best shower of my life  only one more show   what a depressing thought 
is now the proud owner of a cactus named <propmale>  fear me 
"i have about 5 bruises scattered across my knees, one on my right ankle, one on the back of my head, and then one on my back  i have no idea where they came from  this worries me slightly "
watching pokemon: mewtwo strikes back with <propfemale> willemin  laugh 
"show me how to lie, you're getting better all the time, and turning all against the one is an <propmale> that's hard to teach "
i hate this 
"went shopping with the padre  it took us 30 seconds to find a solid shirt, a minute to find some black and tan hotshorts, and all of of 2 hours to find a sundress that works with what mr  drye wants  at least i've got all my costume stuff "
"i got a double callback for hairspray--one for singing, one for dance  how did that happen?!"
is it normal for my cactus to grow 3 inches in a week?
"so ""repo! the genetic opera"" is officially one of my new favorite movies  i'm sure <propfemale> dance and homar ramirez are happy about that   laugh "
"any time you feel the pain, hey <propfirst>, refrain, don't <propfemale> the world upon your shoulder  love  in a beatles mood "
duuuude  i asked chacha why a <propfemale>'s like a writing desk & i got a 4 message answer  jeez 
"going to go see ""carousel"" tonight, i'm sure it's going to be fantastic!  laugh "
"my cactus is growing  this excites me far more than it should, probably because this means i've owned a plant for more than 2 days without killing it "
today wasn't so bad 
so none of my clothes fit me right anymore  greeeeeeaaaaaat  now i feel fat in everything 
"i really want to see ""american idiot"" now that i'm researching it   "
new episodes of hetalia make me happy   laugh 
i'm going to try and get decent-quality sleep for the first time this week  goodnight facebook 
home early  laugh 
   
"so when i sit downstairs and watch my sister play gamecube, i get my homework done faster than if i sit in my room with fewer distractions  does this strike anyone else as odd?"
casino royale   laugh 
done with driver's <propmale>  laugh 
"""there are dinner jackets and dinner jackets  this is the latter """
"the science project is going pretty well, so i'm thinking i might not have to stay up until 5 in the morning to finish it  maybe just 4 "
learned that oreo mcflurries are really quite disgusting 
"pretty sure i did my dance warm-up entirely wrong, but whatever "
fifteen minutes ago it was <propfemale>  what the heck 
braeburn apples =  love    smile 
why are there so many ladybugs in my room?!
fanfreakingtastic  why are all of my teams losing?
"put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during the second wizarding war  over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of people won't repost this, but will you be part of that magical 7% that will? repost to show your support of dumbledore's army!"
"home from the diversity concert, saw <propfemale> willemin there  laugh "
the dalai lama has a twitter account?
i am sick and freaking tired of all these thunderstorms!!!!!!!
"listening to ""float on"" for the first time since the last concert  i don't despise it quite as much as i used to, but it's really weird without all my (crappy) music cuts and edits and such "
being left to my own devices = staring at my computer as if it'll magically create something interesting for me to look at  i'm lazy today 
"and it took me too long 'til i found out faces you know the best; oh well, i guess "
"and in the free fall, i will realize that i'm better off when i hit the bottom "
"""what's in a name, anyway? that which we call a nose by any other name would still smell   """
so i'm about 99% certain that my cactus is dead or dying  fanfreakingtastic 
dentist  ick 
so my house is no longer in the middle of nowhere--we're on google maps satellite view now!  laugh 
d8
"so the jaars pool party was awesome  <propfemale> says, ""who was red shorts dude?!?!?!"" <propfirst> degraaf: who was the guy with all the freckles & the red trunks? he's on <propfemale>'s list, and you are too "
hi 
heads-up to anyone who has mrs  tatarek this semester: she has a family emergency & she's going to be out for the next 2+ days  joy 
"i would just like to say, people need to quit quoting ""airplanes"" by b o b  it's getting seriously old  thank you "
"earth science was rather hilarious over in the corner with homar ramirez and <propfemale> jacumin  let's hope ms  kopchick is out for the next two days, too "
i seriously need to get this under control 
imogen heap is my new musical love 
i'm infected by your genetics     love  repo!  laugh 
"so according to <propfemale> jacumin, my new name is officially ""emijley (em-i-juh-lee) "" okay then "
"sooooo i forgot part of my english project at school  it's due tomorrow well, isn't this just fantastic "
"no nighttime allergy meds + heavy rain = sleepless night  oh, tomorrow will be lovely "
"all the best lies are told with fingers tied, so cross 'em tight "
"que votre vie soit <propfemale> rêve, l'intégrité, l'honnêteté, il est trop tard pour moi, ne regardez pas en arrière jusqu'à ce que vous êtes libres de chasser <propfemale> matin   "
"hangin' out down the street   (finish the lyrics, people )"
listening to the fratellis  their music = love 
i feel like i've left so much undone and half-finished 
just rediscovered the first-grade joy of apples and peanut butter   laugh 
so the new hetalia episode brightened my day up a considerable amount   laugh 
"i've been playing ""<propfemale> la <propfemale>"" on repeat for the past hour  this cannot be healthy "
"and everybody knows you well 'cept for me, can't you tell?"
"well, today was fun   smile "
"one more exam, then i'm done for freshman year  it's all gone by so fast "
"hey <propfemale> willemin, what lunch do you have?  laugh "
so it's finally hit me that mr  drye's pretty much gone 
"does not approve of funimation's hetalia subs  i'm sorry, but they suck "
"you go, <propmale> coco "
i am lost without you here; i am only living out a lie   
"all of these über-long fan<propfemale> names are stretching out my facebook home <propfemale>  it's getting really, really annoying "
"is too exhausted to think of anything else to say but, ""i'm exhausted """
3 days in and i already hate summer 
"once, i wanted to be the greatest   "
"oh my god funimation is dubbing hetalia  i don't know whether or not this is good, but if vic micwhatever dubs <propfemale> i will kill someone "
i am officially the stupidest person on the face of the planet  you cannot fathom the depths of my lack of intelligence 
i would just like to extend my deepest thanks and eternal gratitude towards the utter genius who invented makeup remover 
"is most definitely not doing homework right now, and most definitely needs to be "
"sorry, mom, but if my first time behind the wheel was at 10 at night i don't think i'd be doing too spectacularly  (she tried to get me to drive, i didn't want to, and we spent 5 minutes arguing laughing about it   disaster safely averted )"
asdfghjkl; i just found rhps on netflix  my day has successfully been made   laugh 
"what is this madness i have no idea why is everything changing aaaahhhhh!!!!!!!! first facebook, then google, then wikipedia, now deviantart! i don't like this!!!!!!!"
"noms, then searching through the attic for fabric, then doing science homework  funfunfun "
"look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities, forget about your worries and your strife    (i really want to watch this movie now! dx )"
has the feeling that there's something that's been forgotten  probably homework 
i think the person people who made the powerthirst video were high at the time  there's no other way that could have come into existence 
why has funimation rated hetalia as tv-ma?!?!?!
"i just had the time of my life on ustream with <propfirst> and <propfemale> from parlé productions  <propfemale> jacumin, you missed sooooo much "
what am i doing?
i have a feeling this live-action fairly oddparents movie is going to ruin my childhood 
quit telling me to use the friend finder 
"is anyone else having issues finding info about sonni <propmale> for their lineage paper, or is it just me?"
"someone needs to find a cure for allergies, because i can't take this any more  die, allergies, die "
so tomato sandwiches are officially my favorite food 
"urgent: i need a solid-color, floor-length (or just long) prom-type dress by tomorrow  anyone my size have one i could use for the show?"
i defeated the akinator by thinking of a tomato  wow 
"she is one of a kind, well, she's the last of the american girls "
so my mosquito bites are really killing me  funfunfun 
"nomming on these heavenly oatmeal raisin cookies i made with <propfemale> <propmale> this morning, and i think they're going to be gone within the next 10 seconds  oh well "
actually got a couple of awards tonight  smile  i didn't think i would!
"home, back to listening to <propfemale> michaelson nonstop   playful "
<propfemale> michaelson is my new musical love 
this time change isn't going to cooperate with my sleep schedule 
"just read a summary of the hetalia movie  does anyone know how to raise enough money to buy a plane ticket to japan and a few movie tickets within, say, 3 days?"
"dude  <propmale> <propmale> is old  seriously  i mean, i knew he wasn't exactly young, but i mean, he looks really old in this commercial "
this hurricane's chasing us all underground 
"can't stop listening to <propfemale>'s eurovision 2010 song, and why must i read ""3 cups of tea""???? and why does this year's world history summer reading sound so much cooler than what i had to read? this is unfair "
"i want to cover my bedroom walls in whiteboards, mirrors, and clocks "
the vuvuzela thing on the youtube videos is hilarious 
i will never see <propfemale> bonham <propmale>'s head the same way again 
"i woke up unable to breathe through my nose, then had a panic attack about it, then realized that no i was not dying, i was just congested  and this is why i hate spring and summer "
"moving on to ""quantum of solace,"" and i love the theme song  <propfirst> white's voice is beautiful "
"she got down on hands and knees, one ear against the ground, holding her breath to hear something, anything at all   getting back into rise against while i wait for <propfemale>'s friends to leave so i can eat something "
"so i found the glue to repair my glasses, but i can't get it open   fanfreakingtastic "
"blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly; all your life, you were only waiting for this moment to arise   "
"well, facebook, there's quite a bit on my mind right now and it won't all fit into this little box  thanks for asking, though "
"you're waiting for a train that will take you far away  you know where you hope this train will take you, but you can't be sure   yet it doesn't matter  now, tell me why?"
"oh my god, if i don't get a shower soon i will die "
"got in the car and turned on the radio just as ""audience of one"" came on  my day was successfully made   smile "
"some things you don't forgive, some things you don't forget, sometimes the fate you suffer is so much worse than death "
"the way she said ""goodbye"" and walked into the night made me wonder why she lived and what she came to find "
i need a haircut  badly 
ponyo is the cutest movie ever   laugh   laugh   laugh 
it's just one of those days 
i want to go on a spontaneous cross-country road trip someday 
is now incredibly happy   laugh 
this sucks 
headed for <propfemale>'s in a bit!  laugh 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone!  laugh "
this screwed-up sleeping schedule of mine is going to become very painful once school starts 
"just found out <propfirst> o'brien plays phineas & ferb's dad  can we get a close up, riff?"
"lesson of the day: always check to make sure that the headphones you're using for an <propmale> project do not work better than the ones you're using now, before you hot-glue them to the cardboard   annoyed  will mrs  pentecost give me extra points for my sculpture doubling as a speaker?"
i feel like i have a thousand things to do today 
the one horrible thing about this hacked internet connection is that it screws up my aim  dx
"after about 3 days of autumn, we're already in winter  global warming, i see what you did there  b("
"planning my entry for the hetalia postcard contest  i probably won't win, but whatever!"
is anyone else insanely annoyed by the new chat noise?
to everyone who just got an invitation from me to look at that most awkward moment for a teen thing: it sent them out automatically  sorry about that 
"you never realize just how easily scared you get at 12 smile 0 until you have a mini centipede somehow get onto your head then fall onto your arm, without you knowing, and then you look to scratch and there's this black wriggly thing on your elbow and you have no idea where it came from "
playing <propfirst> with the sister!
"i just found out that i have ms  pac-man, tetris, and the oregon trail on my phone  this is freaking awesome "
spaaaaaaiiiiinnn!!!!!!!
i seriously cannot stop listening to this song 
<propfirst> olberman is both interesting and hilarious 
"plus when the full <propfemale> starts to rise, we'll all sing out, ""it's christmastime!""guess what movie i'm watching?  smile "
that was the best shower of my life 
open your eyes like i opened mine; it's only the real world 
"happy canada day, everyone!  smile "
"forget antm, i'm watching soccer  estados unidos ftw!!!!!!"
"for some unknown reason, my computer refuses to connect to the internet  oh joy "
is seriously getting sick of all these unwanted news feed posts  i've probably hidden a quarter of my friends from my feed already 
seriously tempted to become a pastafarian   laugh 
the fact that our digital copy of <propmale> potter & the half-blood <propmale> (that we didn't know about until 10 seconds ago) e playful ired really irks me  b(
and now week 2 of my beach adventure begins 
"screw this body paragraph, i'm going to bed "
"drunk goggles are fun, and subway is delicious, and i'm at <propfemale> willemin's house for the next two nights and three days  laugh "
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!  smile "
<propfemale> willemin: so apparently there's a small scene in the hetalia movie where russia does a little bit of ballet  i must see this 
"dear weather, i have a very important test tomorrow, and i need sleep beforehand  this thunderstorm is not helpful to my cause  so shut up and stop storming already  thanks "
"""no, <propfemale> likes link  sheik is gay for <propmale>!""""oh no! scissors is evolving!""""i've fallen and i can't get up!!!!!!!""fun times with  <propfemale> willemin  laugh "
"insert several colorful words of your choice into the statement ""come on usa, why didn't you win, you could've scored just then!!!!!!!!"" and you'll have my thoughts right now "
school shopping? d:
i am ecstatic   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"intermission  i've been acting as a backstage attendant since ""power """
"watched quite a bit of the lady gaga takeover on fuse   but i doubt my parents really enjoyed it  laugh  turned it off when it got to ""<propmale> "" that video is weird "
this is just not fair  totally not fair  completely and utterly unfair 
feels utterly horrible 
"baby loves to dance in the dark 'cause when he's looking, she falls apart "
"oh, don't worry  you're a high-end stripper  for governors and athletes "
now i know how to get off these dirt roads to find these streets of gold 
"sometimes, i regret following the cast of ""house"" on twitter "
"happy independence day, everyone!  smile "
"i'm copying <propfirst>, because i'm bored too i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox) any me 1 question (only in my inbox) any question, no matter how crazy it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get "
wound up not getting any sleep at all last night  <propfemale> hates me 
the world suddenly feels a lot smaller and lonelier 
"tonight's lession: when mom says ""put your foot on the brake,"" she means ""push down on the brake or else you'll run into that street sign "" (yes, she forced me behind the wheel  most nerve-wracking e playful erience of my life )"
"can't read my, can't read my, no, he can't read my poker face "
"trying to clean my room, sort thru my clothes, and read ""three cups of tea"" all at once  this cannot end well "
"if a size 2 is a plus-sized model, then i'd hate to think of what kind of model i'd be  <propfemale>'s next top model is not good for my mentality "
driver'd <propmale> today  this is going to be interesting   
"next time you point a finger, i'll point you to the mirror "
so we still havent even left the bus lot yet   
meh   
"<propfemale> jacumin , you are so lucky i love you  b("
so do we advance in the world cup or what?
"home from driver's <propmale>, watching house and working on my powerpoint  thank goodness the teacher said we could have slides of just pictures   laugh "
i'm so going to go see <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows pt  1 in imax 3d when it comes out 
"they said, ""help is on the way,"" but it never came "
"on southport supply road   not sure if i'll get internet there, so updates will be sporadic and weird   playful "
is currently addicted to <propfemale>'s eurovision 2010 song 
"is quite happy right now, so please, <propfemale>, if you're listening, don't ruin it!"
so guess whose glasses just spontaneously fell apart?
"i'm mad, really bad, but don't tell my mom and dad "
watching <propmale> dunham spark of insanity and eating ice cream  life is good 
the <propfemale> of time is definitely the easiest dungeon ever 
"i'm your biggest fan, i'll follow you until you love me not "
ugh 
i have trigger laying against my right side and <propmale> laying against my left  i feel so loved 
"has a fantastic idea for the deviantart ""above the influence"" contest  hopefully, the parents will let me enter so i can get a free t-shirt!"
<propmale> and i defy the rules: we're going outside today  we're such rebels   laugh 
hates her schedule 
"just got ""sinnerman remix"" flashbacks after hearing the song on a phone commercial  good times   except for my leotard   "
"taking a surprise trip to caswell with the padre for the week, then going to a different house with my grandmother for the week after  halfway there now!  laugh "
correction: happy canada day and happy <propfirst> kong independence day! (i don't really know what to call it   so independence day works )
"i turn my back on beauty, it's a man-made crime "
chilling  lots to do before school starts  d8
now all i have to do is figure out how to upload these videos of fireworks onto facebook   
"colorsplashing some of these dance pictures  our ""homebird"" costumes look almost yellow-ish onstage   i can't tell what's costume and what's skin  laugh "
"now trying to decide which parlé shirt to ask for for my birthday   decisions, decisions   i want all of them! dx"
"more work today, but freshman orientation with <propmale> and <propfirst> tonight! (<propfirst>, if you forget 1776 i will be very disappoint )"
"<propfemale> ciel owens, i will not accept your georges, nor am i your nephew  so suck it "
"i kept telling my brain to turn off at 10, but it's just now getting the message  oh well "
"season 4 of hetalia starts on my birthday, and denmark and norway will be in it  best  birthday  present  ever "
trying to get used to the aph english dub   it's not working  laugh 
finally at the house and unpacked   ish  jeez   playful 
the fact that i forgot my camera-to-computer cord at home is going to kill me  must  get  pictures  on  my  laptop  nowwwwww  d:<
bought ponyo at target and i am now watching it  don't bother me   laugh 
"day 2 of my 14-day adventure down here in oak island  still looking rainy, so no beach today   playful "
fffffff totally forgot i had dance homework until 3 seconds ago  crap 
"i turn my back on beauty, it's a man-made crime "
talked to near-strangers and received enlightenment  i'm not going into this blind 
did someone break your heart inside? you're in ruins   
i really just want to go to school  is that too much to ask?
this fly will not get out of my room and i swear if it comes anywhere near me or my computer again i will grab the nearest heavy object and beat it to death  b|
i'm actually up before noon  this is a first 
lineage paper  ohsofun 
"once upon a time, we were perfect "
celebrating the new year with cfnc quizzes and gluten-free cookies  what 
"""the japanese place is better than the chinese place, and they're probably owned by the same korean people!"" -funny times with the madre!"
my tummy is peeling where i got burnt last week   ew  -ï- and i made use of my mad ninja flexibility skillz today  laugh 
"i'm on a boat \n   no, seriously "
so whatcha say we give it up & walk away? nothing to salvage anyway 
<propfemale> went to the vet today   he is not a happy <propfemale> 
"i see no vitals on your ekg, dead on the dance floor   i'm addicted to this song now "
test-writing is always fun  ¬ ¬
all this snow has lost its novelty 
"coming home today  i don't know whether to be sad my 2 week vacation is over, or happy that i finally get to sleep in my own bed   "
homar rmirez are you alive?!?!?!?!?!?!
"so apparently, from now on, we'll be making school up on saturdays "
"http annoyed  cristgaming com pirate swfepic win "
this is incredibly frustrating 
lots to do 
"dude  i just updated itunes because my computer told me to   it's freaking fancy "
"didn't make it to the second round of ""hairspray"" callbacks, but i have a job at the 13th acre, so it's all good   laugh "
"it's alright, it's alright, it's alright "
"so let me know, 'cause i can stay or, <propfemale>, i can go "
quit blaming me for the side effects of your desires 
my new hero = the old spice guy   laugh 
tell me when you hear my heart stop 
i don't think mrs  <propfirst> knows that asking me to describe a movie in paragraph form will take me about 10 pages due to my irrational need to include every little detail down to the color of their lipstick 
i keep getting really epic people at chacha to answer my questions  this makes my day 
that boat ride was amaaazing  laugh 
"had to go in early because of some first-class a-holes smoking cigarettes on the beach  the smoke was blowing right in my face  um, no thanks  b|"
"addicted to 30 seconds to mars's album ""this is war "" i can't decide whether i like ""this is war"" or ""hurricane"" more, though   "
"homework, chip, and then whatever  i'm being a good little girl tonight and not leaving my homework for midnight or later   laugh "
"so effing pissed off right now i can't even think  oh my god, this cannot be happening to me  i can't believe this  i thought he was better than that  apparently he's not "
"<propfirst> downey, jr  sounds so much better with an english accent  just saying "
being most un-emily-like and going to the football game tonight  still have to write that essay for tatarek too   i haven't even started!
"if people abbreviate ""and"" to ""n"" and ""you"" to ""u,"" why do they turn ""jk"" into ""jayykayy""?"
"honest to god, i will break your heart, tear you to pieces and rip you apart "
the truth hurts worse than anything i could bring myself to do to you 
why does my mother insist on ruining my entire week?
"happy 13-year-and-one-day anniversary of the infamous porygon ""pokémon"" episode!"
has too much homework 
hoooooome!
i love the smells of makeup and hairspray 
"the vet said these painkillers would make <propmale> lethargic   if anything, he's more hyper than usual  ¬ ¬"
"indulging in my fascination with wwii, thanks to mrs  tatarek and the book she let me borrow   laugh "
this is going to be a bad week 
"someone needs to bring vuvuzelas to cata's homecoming game tonight i'm just saying (sorry for stealing your idea, <propfemale>! d: )"
let's get down to business to defeat this three-page paper 
"international talk like a pirate day do it "
"so i'm only halfway done with my paper, but i'm already starting <propfemale> 3   i have a feeling that this is going to be about 10 <propfemale>s long  -_-"
"ffffffffff this is just perfect does anyone watch ""<propfemale>'s got talent""? i need to know what channel it's on so i can watch a performance from the musical i'm writing my paper on   "
"great  now i've got the midnight beast's ""booty call"" stuck in my head  -_-"
why is it so cold in my house?! d:
taking a break from cleaning   prussia's english dub voice makes me want to cry 
"finished my dance paper and powerpoint! and the paper is only 3 5 pages, not the ten million i was e playful ecting! yay!  laugh "
my new year's resolution:
"well, she's colombia's finest, oh, she's better than good "
"homar rmirez is baaaaack, and with fancy new glasses!  laugh "
"baby loves to dance in the dark, 'cause when he's looking she falls apart   "
i can see my closet floor for the first time since we moved in  oh snap!
got the best birthday card ever in the mail today!  laugh 
does the font of the news feed seem smaller to anyone else?
"you know you need to go to bed soon when you create a parody of the ""california girls"" chorus about california rolls   "
really wants to do this boot camp thingy for my laptop and get windows on it  seems like a handy thing to have 
eye doctor tomorrow   hopefully i'll at least get these glasses fixed 
my characters shoes came in!  laugh 
"tell me when you hear my heart stop, you're the only one that knows; tell me when you hear my silence, there's a possibility i wouldn't know "
scream at me until my ears bleed; i'm taking heed just for you 
"totally isn't procrastinating my homework, nope, no sir "
why does it feel like i was at school just yesterday?
"well, that was   interesting "
too much homework to go to youth group   ugh  dx
"never thought i'd say this, but i kind of miss having long hair "
last day of summer?!
"bedtime  plus it's no longer my birthday, so what's the point in staying up any more?"
procrastination 
i feel like going somewhere 
our bus isnt even on the lot yet  this is irksome 
"homar rmirez  <propfemale> jacumin  <propfemale> umbras  <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> veenstra guysguysguys they're making another ""soul eater"" manga  asdfghjkl;  it's called ""soul eater not!"" and i don't know how i feel about this   indecision "
"last day of driver's <propmale>, finally!"
so there's about a 0 001% <propmale> of me going to youth group tonight   too much freaking homework 
why is my computer not connecting to the freaking internet 
<propfemale> <propfemale> boom boom 
i really don't want to <propfemale> around school for another 2+ hours 
you just can't take the effect and make it the cause 
"""hairspray"" auditions were crazy "
so i feel like everyone got callbacks except for me 
you don't deserve a point of view if the only thing you see is you 
<propfemale> physics: the back is the weakest point on the body 
"oh my god, this woman is invisible  i have nothing about her "
"can't stop listening to green day now, thanks to the party last night    ¬ ¬"
so all i have left to do on the homework front is finish 1776 and answer a few more study questions   meh 
"she's a natural disaster, she's the last of the american girls "
this is way too confusing for my tastes 
i bought one song on itunes and my account credit went from $11 99 to $10 93  that is not a $0 99 difference  b|
i am certain i was not that rude or ignorant in eighth grade  absolutely positive 
"and you'll sleep 'til may, and you'll say that you don't wanna see the sun anymore "
i remember the face but i can't recall the name; now i wonder how whatsername has been 
"this whole ""throat-won't-stop-hurting"" thing is getting really old, really quickly "
"and all the best lies are told with fingers tied, so cross 'em tight "
i can see it from the other side; the grass is in no way as green 
i just totally skipped the forsaken fortress  i'm just that good 
i didn't kill anyone today!  laugh 
let's see how angry my parents will be about the fact that i wasn't nominated for governor's school 
i think i gained about 25 pounds from that five guys food   but it was soooo delicious 
i hate footnotes 
rehearsals tomorrow until 5 smile 0 and then fitp + hairspray callbacks aaaallllll day saturday    ¬ ¬
"just watched ""chicago "" 'tis quite a good movie   smile "
this heart will start a riot in me 
rawr   smile 
"<propfirst> stark is incredibly, extraordinarily narcissistic "
"dance with the devil, don't be shy; nothing's gonna stop us, we can't die "
i think i know what i want to do for my duet 
happy hetalia day!  laugh 
"i greatly dislike thunderstorms, especially because my bed is about 3 feet away from my window "
now i really wanna get a bft cosplay group together   but genderbent   laugh 
"""zoinks!""""jeepers!""""jenkins!""""   i don't have a catchphrase!"""
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>, poland freaking exists  b|"
why do i feel like i'm about to cry?
"<propfemale> ?? umbras, <propfirst> mousetrap veenstra, <propfirst> minsk, & i are gonna buy sealand   laugh "
my hetalia dvds arrived  smile  except now i'm missing the axis bandanna   off to ebay!  laugh 
just went on an unliking spree  958 to 563 pages in 20 minutes  heck yeah 
"after taking into account the fact that it took me 15 minutes to locate my phone, all i can say is: i am certainly not a hufflepuff "
like my status & i'll do nothing about it   smile 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  stupidity is real and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help  we can raise awareness  97% of people won’t copy and paste this, because they don’t know how to copy and paste "
the hardest part is letting go of your dreams 
om nom nom   smile 
"i've been listening to lady gaga a lot recently  feel free to psychoanalyze me (is that even a verb?)"
"whatever you do, don't be afraid of the dark "
"english writing ""benchmark,"" then the civics benchmark right after that, then dance, then a spanish test  all in one day  and that day happens to be tomorrow  oh crap "
my plan for the downtime during the show: choreograph my duet  it's a flawless plan 
"aladdin abc family now "
avatar on hbo   smile 
"everyone who likes ""soul eater"" (i e  <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> veenstra  & <propfemale> umbras ): the first episode is currently free on itunes for a very limited time  turns out funi isn't totally evil   laugh "
that concert was so much better than thursday's 
"think i've found a message in a bottle; it says, ""drink me, drown your sorrows """
"long since dried, when we are found, are the tears in which we had drowned "
"anybody wanna ask me something in my inbox? i shall answer it as a status  (yes, for once, i'm doing one of these stupid things   i have the feeling that i'll regret it )"
the past & present don't matter now that the future's sorted out 
<propmale> potter movie marathon  life is great 
"since lem styles changed her name back, i figured i would too   playful "
"""hold you in my arms"" just came on my pandora station  oh, nostalgia   "
show tonight  i just hope that i won't fall offstage   
i'm really horrible at getting homework done quickly 
there's an hour and 40 minutes before this movie starts  thank goodness these seats are comfy enough for a nap 
finally figured out how to get files onto my phone!  laugh 
oh well 
rehearsals this week  joy  ¬¬
happy hallow's <propfemale>!
these are the lives you'd love to lead 
"my sister just turned on ""super <propfirst> galaxy 2"" and <propfirst>'s voice sounds just like <propmale> haberkorn as italy  this is wrong on so many levels "
"we're plastic, but we still have fun "
<propfemale> weasley makes <propmale> <propmale> eat his vegetables 
"so <propmale> fiennes has played voldemort, hades, and a nazi  typecasting much?"
"we have our christmas tree  when it will be set up, i don't know   playful "
"i do not approve of this new facebook  and the show last night was pretty great; if you want to attend tonight, it's 7 p m  in the cata theater  tickets are $8  hope to see you there!"
"don't look up, just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be "
"and the last-chance girl in a first-dance world lays her head down on the wooden floor, won't be dancing any more "
i want someone to play in the snow with   
these urban legends about pokémon game hacks are gonna give me nightmares 
"all we are are pretty faces, picture-perfect bottled rage "
"""how to train your dragon"" just changed my life, man  asdfghjkl; cutestmovieever "
i'm finding waaaaaaaay too much anime merchandise i need to buy 
<propfemale> weasley makes <propmale> <propmale> eat his vegetables 
"""i don't hate you, canada! hate is a strong word! i hate turkey!"" <propfirst> mousetrap veenstra  smile "
so <propmale> & i spent about half of that movie sobbing on each others' shoulders  go see it now 
"<propfemale> ciel owens : because i keep forgetting that we've moved to skype, and because you're evil  <propfemale> jacumin: are you sure you're not talking about yourself?"
i'm perpetually cold nowadays 
pandora internet radio + indie singer songwriter channel = a very happy (but still ill-feeling) <propfemale>   smile 
"if only, if only   "
"theatre critique, then 107 words left on that respect essay  gah  d:"
"""lose some weight before you hug me, <propmale> """
but i'll only ever be a middle-distance runner 
"kinda wish that i'd gone out for made, but having cameras follow me everywhere and document my life would make me go absolutely off-the-wall crazy "
not really excited for this httyd sequel  can't disney just let an amazing movie be amazing without squeezing as much cash out of it as possible?
"history doesn't repeat itself, but it sure does rhyme "
and i can't seem to shake this awful feeling 
"according to time magazine, ""the man your man could smell like"" is the best commercial of 2010  good choice, time, good choice "
am i really that fragile?
i left my head and my heart on the dance floor 
"why on earth would you create a horrible, autotuned remix of the ""ponyo"" theme song?! it's an abomination!"
my legend begins in the twelfth century   
and who knows why the love you need will always pass you by?
because i'll only ever be a middle-distance runner 
i hate football 
"ponyo, ponyo, ponyo, fishy in the sea, <propfemale> little fishy, who could you really be?  smile "
well   
"just spent an entire itunes giftcard on httyd  it was well worth it, though   laugh "
eh 
did anyone know that the white stripes broke up 5 days ago?
tell me that this house is not a graveyard 
there's nothing else i can say 
asdfghjkl; no school again  what is this  whyyyyyyy 
"oh yes, they both reached for the gun, for the gun "
"so basically, if i want to be a dance movement therapist, i have a choice of 6 schools, none of which are in nc  oh well "
first show tonight  let's make it big!
om nom nom 
"if you're bored, then you can ask me a question or tell me something  http annoyed  www formspring me museftw"
how can i blame you when it's me i can't forgive?
"<propmale> from where you are, i lay down on the cold ground and i, i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms   "
