491
38a97fcd863468bd654d58e1d808c482
46
+
"""when she was in middle school she started wearing lipstick. when she was in high school she started coming home with that lipstick smudged."""
"""no better than... say... a harlot on a street corner, daubed up in crimson and hiking up their skirts for a coin or two? willing to give in to any <propfirst>'s... fetish? shame."""
god damn dog... my glasses aren't that appetizing are they?!
just got back from electric <propfemale> carnival and is sleeping!!~
"so i'm just at the coffee shop, drinking an e playful resso shake and this old guy with grey hair comes in and looks though all their available soft drinks. he turns around, smiles at me and says... ""do you ever get tired of men saying how beautiful you are?"" ""h"
"""your such a hippie, one look at your hair, two your a total freak, and three you act like your on drugs without even being on drugs!!""~my dad."
does anyone know where the fire is? i walked outside and was choked by a ton of smoke...
"""guns don't kill people, people with mustaches do!!~"""
"hehe...""are you kidding me?! i feel like i've just become the poster child for <propfemale>'s law victims!!"""
got into champs!!~
"""fuck it!! i'm... i'm gay!!~""-almost famous.... i just watched that part and forgot how much i loved it."
"""basically he's a nice suburban kid who got hold of a guitar and some heroin and went a little bit wrong."""
"is listening to ""schools out for summer"" on loop!!~"
jesus... what the hell is farmville anyway?
"good old biology homework, only four days into the class and i already have to write the word sperm."
"""i'm going to be 5'0 tall when i'm older... thats freaking one inch away from being a classified midget!!~"""
"just saw a scientology commercial on t.v.... really people, really? and on cartoon network to! ... even for you <propmale> cruise thats low..."
finally found her key necklace!!~
"who ever invented the furby claiming it was ""cute"", needs to be slapped and punched in the-... i ah mean given a good talking to!"
my tongue and tonsils are comletely blue...
"oh really people? school will not be some ""awesome"" when in a week you are suffering from back problems and insomnia! ...well that sounded awfully bitter..."
"okay people, we get it... sonic boom, no shit. it okay to say it in the first 5 minutes but when people keep on posting and posting their status as ""omg sonic boom!!!!!!"" its gets annyoing..."
maybe tonight will be the night that i actually get some sleep... g'night.
"i don't really like guns, i'm more of a sword type of girl."
"""if you suspect you have a raccoon in your attic, burn the house to the ground.  you know, get the kids out, then burn it until nothing is left but cinders and traces of evil.  sprinkle salt around the foundation, and consider scientology."""
after a long night of beatles rockband (which was actually pretty freaking awesome) going to a pool party...
the trailer for <propfemale> in wonderland is awesome!!~
the drive's home to the rent's house are always really long...
"from now on i'm always choosing the radio station or else i think i might just go crazy. i never want to have to hear <propfirst> <propfemale> singing and ""the lion sleeps tonight"" song on the radio ever again..."
"""ow, i just ran into a bookshelf!""-me ""yay! my old <propfemale> is back!""-nicole... all i need to do is fall down a flight of stairs and the old total clutz <propfemale> is back!"
twilight isn't? even a love story... its the tale of some anti-social clingy girl who obsesses over her abusive sparkly boyfriend. the end.
since everyone seems to be dying this weekend... i'm keeping my fingers crossed that <propfemale> palin and <propfirst> bush go to!!~
damn you <propmale> schiffman!!~( the inventor of the furby)
theres nothing like getting ready to go out with the background music of mozart's different symphonies.
"my changed schedule is p2-p5 keyboard/music theory 1a becker, p6 lunch, p7 world history <propfirst>, p8 english bresden, p9 algebra yousefian, p10 biology mueller"
"i've taken to singing ""mr. sandman"" before bed, just so that i can hopefully and finally sleep."
"just for the record, raccoons are awesome..."
"everyones talking about how they're starting school and they hate it and they feel so nervous... but you know what, already dealt with that a week ago. suck it up!!~"
oh joy school tomorrow. i hate waking up early... g'night
now has a stomach ache from eating a whole package of pixie sticks...
"""they should have flavor flav as hamlet""-my dad"
"i draw the line at ""how do you smell to <propfirst> cullen?"""
"anyone mind e playful laining the english homework to me? i'm tired, blonde, and really don't feel like figuring it out."
"""basically he's a nice suburban kid who got hold of a guitar and some heroin and went a little bit wrong."""
"i'm at my sister's house, wish me luck on keeping my sanity."
is eating one of those huge pixies sticks things!!~
i don't understand how some people can hate sushi...
is an anachronism.
i've read a whole book tonight with all the time i have on my hands as a total insomniac.
"""and you can tell from the state of my room that they let me out too soon."""
well sleep would be nice.
maris~ you neglected to tell me i was leaning on ccat piss???? hannah~ i forgot.....
is... so... tired...
"ahhhh, twilight is my favorite comedy."
"ooohhh, you can't take me anywhere. ""aww its so cute, i just want to take it home and nurse it to health!""... i was talking to a dead squid at an asian market."
watching the sunrise is always fun.
"theres a city in alabama named ""st. <propmale>"". whos up for a roadtrip?!"
religious bumper stickers annoy me...
yeeeeessss reese's... the deprived crackhead has found her crack!
"""if love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?"""
"""please excuse her for the day, its just the way the medication makes her..."""
"feels like shes on the verge of something, only she doesn't know what that something is..."
"""your such a hippie, 1. look at your hair, 2. your a total freak, and 3. you act like your on drugs without even being on drugs.""~my dad."
"going to a drive in, seeing ""where the wild things are"" again."
"wow wow wee wah, what a mental day..."
"""people talking without speaking, people hearing without listening."""
"gaaah, i'm such a child."
"i am very interested and fascinated by how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other."
"""mom, if <propfemale> palin ever becomes president... can we move to england?"""
"""i wonder what people during the stoneage did on sundays..."""
"""is it harder to say these hurtful things, or is it better to say them with the possibility that it could change a life?"""
11:11 11/11/09 (the 09 kinda messes it up...)
"hmmm, i'm not some stupid american who takes pills every time they have a emotion."
i find a song. i like it. i play it consistently for 2 weeks. i hate it. why do i do this to myself.
is watching a hard days night. yeessss...
... tired
my parents got me a big jar of hot fudge chocolate... they did good.
"just watched the worst movie i think i've ever seen called ""the big cube""."
"i'm not staying up all night, i'm just waking up really early.  wink "
"gaaah, i'm such a child..."
i'm so bored... someone be awesome and talk to me... ladyinsanitee
"my grandma just watched ""<propmale> in a box"" on the gilly snl christmas special... wow"
"""oh my god, i just saw my algebra teacher!""-me   ""did you flip him the bird?""- my dad   ""aww damnit i didn't get the <propmale>, he drove away...""-me"
be insane. well behaved girls never made history.
thunderstorm! yeesss...
i haven't had tea for a while... i'm having some serious cravings.
"dendrophilia literally means ""love of trees"". these people are sexually attracted to or sexually aroused by trees."
got bored and found my old hair dye from 7th grade... needless to say some of my hair is now pink. i don't know i kind of like it.
"you go roll on the floor <propfemale>, you go roll on that floor!!~"
so sick.
"it my birthday tomorrow and its going to rain. yeeesss, favorite weather..."
"like the drunk who's convinced they're sober, you keep on falling over."
watching fight club on amc. yeeesssss....
"""my name is <propmale>."""
why. can't. i. sleep. goddamnit...
"there doing an american version of 'death at a funeral"". why do we have to ruin everything?!"
"there was a bug in my sink, so naturally i killed it by cutting it in half with a q-tip. its still fucking moving...."
"""winter is like porn for trees."""
during my nervous breakdown i want a biographer present.
had an awesome birthday. thanks everyone... g'night~
sat outside in the rain and got soaking wet. its been awhile since i've done something just because i could.
my mother claims that jimi hendrix has caused one of our cats to have an epiphany.....
"rip <propfemale> <propfirst>, you will be missed. ""i've been through it all, baby, i'm mother courage."""
i hate being sick.
"the fire dept. is at my house.... broken power lines and fireworks in my back yard, lovely."
san <propfirst> > los <propfemale>. can i move here? seriously....
"on my way to the sunset strip music festival, going to be so awesome"
sunset strip music festival was fucking awesome! mkay.... i'm done.
feet... hurt... so... much
"so i'm taking a nap because i'm sick and really tired... only to be woken up by my mother blaring ""the lion sleeps tonight"" in the other room, singing and dancing along to it. what is my life."
first there's earthquakes in the east and now there's thunderstorms in the west during the summer. whaaaat the hell?
"i'm currently scaring and torturing <propfemale> <propfemale>'s fish with a stuffed shark plushie. ""<propfemale> there is something wrong with you.""-<propfemale>"
"""a story about a time, a story about a place. a story about the people. but above all things, a story about love. a love that will live forever. the end"""
"""i always tell the girls never take it seriously, if you never take it seriously you never get hurt, never get hurt you always have fun and if you ever get lonely you just go to the record store, and visit your friends."""
"i've done a lot, god knows i've tried. to find the truth, i've even lied. but all i know is down inside i'm bleeding."
"""the only thing about plum makeup is when you where it... kind of makes you look...uh...fucked up.""-my mother. thanks maa."
saw mr. mueller at the green e playful o. woooow....
"just got a long letter from my grandfather who i haven't talked to in two years. needless to say, i cried."
sooo... i went hiking and met <propfirst> osbourne. then i saw <propfirst> danza at his malibu beach house playing the trumpet. fun fun...
my parents raised me and educated me with movies. i don't have a top 10. i'm a movie freak. i have spent the last hour compiling a list of my favorites movies.
ya know those little chocolate covered cookie dough candies? well.... i'm in heaven.
was there just an earthquake or am i on something?
"""love is a thing on sale for more money than there even exists."""
sleeeeppp..... how i've missed you.
"""there's no light without a flame, there's no use in having you to blame. there's no smoke without fire, baby, baby your a liar."""
said 'orgasm' instead of 'organism' in biology. wooow i'm tired.
i think my mom feels bad that i'm sick... so shes making and actually letting me eat fries.
"""i always tell the girls never take it seriously, if you never take it seriously you never get hurt, never get hurt you always have fun and if you ever get lonely you just go to the record store, and visit your friends."""
"""inside my heart is breaking, my makeup may be flaking. but my smile still stays on."""
"""remember you're going to go crazy and get fat anyways, dying won't be a big deal after that."""
"""i have loved to the point of madness, that which is called madness, that which to me, is the onlly sensible way to love."""
damnit... i'm sick.
i hate garage sales... my parents are literally selling away the last of what little childhood i had.
life isn't passing me by; it’s trying to run me over.
"eating scrambled eggs, toast, and orange juice at 10 at night."
"""i have never been this obsessed with something since i discovered breathing.""- <propfemale> <propfemale> mcfadden"
beach.. yus. i'm going to have a good day.
i love <propfemale> <propfemale> !!
"""gentlemen, you can't fight in here! this is the war room!""-dr. strangelove. sometimes i forget how good some movies are...."
going to go see rent at the hollywood bowl. seeing <propfemale> hudgens playing a drug addicted stripper who has hiv will be interesting....
2 days straight at the beach... i. hurt. everywhere.
"""i hate the truth. in fact, i hate the truth so much that i'd prefer a gaint dose of bullshit anyday as oppose to the truth."""
"new schedule:1-4: music academy yadda yadda yadda5 playful sychology 1a6 annoyed unch7:french 1a8:honors english 10adamn, my lunch got changed. grrrrr"
just got back from seeing rent. <propfemale> hudgens was horrible as <propfemale>... a nun could play a better stripper.
i hate mondays.....
they're making the perks of being a wallflower into a movie... what is this madness?!
"""i let my music take me where my heart wants to go."""
"""don't dream it - be it."""
just sat outside for hours in the rain with my pimp jacket on and with some hot cocoa. i love the fall so much....
there is a cockroach living under my bed. not getting any sleep tonight.
thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes. it really made my day.
i like it on the floor.
in <propfemale> avalon's bed.
"""anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind."""
tis <propfemale> <propfemale> mcfadden hacking my account.
"""that snatcher can snatch my snatch anytime! mmmm""- <propfemale> huston. deathly hallows was awesome."
getting my braces off in august! ahhh so excited.
"""life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more. it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing."" and with that last quote, i am finally done with my essay and the play macbeth will no longer control my life and sleeping patterns."
i shouldn't let <propfemale> <propfemale> mcfadden  go on my facebook.
i am <propfemale>.  my sister is awesome!!! that is all.
lady gaga is in an egg.......
blood + hairspray + period jokes + curses + murdering pregnant women + glittertits + other craziness = my past week of working on macbeth. now i get to fight this fever and sleeeeeeep.
goodbye 2010 and hello 2011. hopefully you'll be better.
turned around really fast and accidentally slammed my hand into a bookshelf while doing so. now my hand is all bruised and it hurts to move it. today has just not been my day. fml
"""ow.... did you just elbow me in the ear?"" ""hey, <propfirst> gogh only had one ear and look how famous he was.""-jennie huston"
"""what? when did he ever insult you?"" ""every single sentence he ever said to me was an insult..."" ""oh...."""
