288
8203a6773a849317241320a1f58ff9c7
29
-
season 5 of <propmale> was awesome. it got ahead of season 2 to take the spot of my 2nd favorite season. season 4 was still better though. i think that season 4 is pretty much impossible to top.
just bought the first 3 seasons of mad men on dvd.
"watching <propmale>: season 2.... again.i love this particular season of <propmale>, because i love the interactions between <propmale> and doakes.season 4 is better, though."
isn't looking forward to school next tuesday.
"happy halloween to all. i'm about to begin a horror movie marathon that'll stretch all the way from 1931's ""frankenstein"" to 2009's ""the crazies"". should be enjoyable."
"just got black ops. if anyone wants to play, i got ps3 and my name on there is ""lowartgloominati"". thanks to those who wished me a happy birthday and thanks to anymore who wish me it in the coming hours of today."
"if anyone who i just added is confused, yes this is my second facebook account. for some reason facebook wasn't letting my log in to my other account."
just spent like 20 minutes sending friend requests. facebook can die.
i r teh smurtest preson evar evry1 elz r dum heds
"just got a wii and metroid: other m. going to get another game tomorrow. so far, i think the system is spectacular."
everyone in my family is sick except me. my body must rule at fending off disease.
"is going to practice guitar, then read, and then watch a couple of horror movies as my celebration for halloween."
"watching the walking dead for the first time. going to sleep afterwards. tomorrow i'm going to get silent hill: shattered memories and a gigantic meal at taco <propfemale> with <propfirst>. we're also going to go view true grit in the theater, which will most likely be a great film. (how can you go wrong with the coen bros. writing and directing a western?)"
just beat <propfirst> at freeze out. i rule.
can someone please tell me how changing your profile picture to a cartoon character is going to help stop child abuse?
going to have a movie marathon.
"has come to the conclusion that chasing <propfemale> is <propfirst> smith's best film. it was tough deciding between chasing <propfemale>, clerks, and dogma, as i consider all of them masterpieces, but there's something about chasing <propfemale> that truly clicks with me."
"working on my top 20 favorite games of all time. going to post the written version here on facebook and possibly post a youtube video on it. probably won't be finished until sometime tomorrow, though. i'm trying my best to carefully construct it."
off to bed early. i'm extremely tired. good night to all.
"well since age twelve, i've felt like i'm someone elsecause i <propmale> my original self from the top bunk with a belt"
watched the first disc of mad men season 1 and the show definitely left a great first impression. its really well written and the actor who plays <propmale> draper does an excellent job in that role. going to watch another disc or two tonight and probably tomorrow as well.
minecraft is more addictive than heroin.
typing this on my new computer. 500 gigs of hard drive space. 4 gigs of ram. not half bad.
"is going to submit a short story, poem, and essay for the holocaust competition, and get 300 dollars in prize money for 3 first place entries! just you guys watch!"
"i'm selling the following games for ps3 for 10 dollars a piece. i guarantee that is cheaper than retail price. offer runs out when i acquire enough wealth to buy minecraft (20 dollars). that means only two of these five fine titles are to be sold before the offer is closed. buy buy buy!uncharted 2: among thievesassassin's creed iiheavy rainthe orange bo laugh ragon age: origins"
about to partake in some much needed catching up with mad men.
"picked up some great books last night. titles are: sex, drugs, & cocoa puffs, the 4% universe, the tell-tale brain, the catcher in the rye, and the book that inspired the movie, let the right one in."
"would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me, but you must lie, thats right, make it up, as random as you want. after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same."
night night everyone. don't let the beddy bed bugs bite.
just woke up from over ten hours of sleep. i'm really looking forward to 7 more nights of that.
"i harness the power of the chakrawith remote viewing in the darkness describin what i see in the processstone statues surrounded by neolithic objectsceoglyphs on the pompaa dose of the palamine, make it feel like a dreamthe dreamstate is the playground for the supremecritics attempt to follow a trendtoday they call me a charlatan but tomorrow i will be a god of men"
has discovered that he likes a perfect circle significantly more than tool.
reeses puffs = greatest cereal of all time.
"has discovered that he shares many symptoms commonly associated with adhd. forgetfulness, procrastination, jumping schizophrenically from activity to activity, oftentimes daydreaming when someone is speaking directly to me instead of listening to what they're saying, frequently losing things, failing to follow directions, and making careless mistakes. yep, sounds a lot like me."
"i got a piece of mail addressed to <propmale> ""lashles"". wtf?"
"your faith was strong but you needed proofyou saw her bathing on the roofher beauty and the moonlight overthrew youshe tied you to a kitchen chairshe broke your throne, and she cut your hairand from your lips she <propfirst> the hallelujah"
"there is a word that's like you,    because it can be a noun, a verb, an exclamation    or the thing that i say    when something is unbelievable    when i am not able to believe, how unbelievably, unbelievable    that you believe that you could not be leavable    that's when i have to say    wow"
a question that sometimes drives me hazy: am i or are the others crazy? - <propfirst> einstein
common sense rating for 2001: a space odyssey is 12+? i really don't think many 12 year olds could understand that movie all that well.
mayonnaise is a type of emotion.
"i find it baffling that i feel so tired and void of energy during school, yet when i'm at home at 7 smile 0 at night later that day, i feel alert and i want to be productive. even when i sleep 12 hours before hand, i feel like a sloth at school.i guess i'm just a natural night owl."
tennessee is retarded.
"went to school and did my best to not do anything at all. succeeded for the most part. i'm particularly skilled at being utterly unproductive.came home, watched 7 episodes of the 4th season of <propmale> with my mom. great times.about to start season 2 of mad men. gonna watch at least two episodes.overall, i'd call it a good day. to everyone: good night, and good luck."
"dear school: please end and start summer vacation. i no longer care. just, please, end."
i'm going to enjoy staying up this late and later every night this summer.
"summer break has commenced. i can't even begin to describe the joy surging through my ""soul"" at the moment."
in auburn with <propfirst> lashley for a couple weeks.
i threw it on the ground
"just bought resident evil 1: director's cut, resident evil 2, resident evil 3, silent hill  1, final fantasy vii, and final fantasy ix on playstation network!"
watching a resident evil 2 let's play with <propfirst> lashley. p.s. necroscope 86 ftw.
literally just woke up about twenty minutes ago.
no dedicated servers in mw3 = me not playing it. ever. bring forth the battlefield 3!
"i've been up for about eleven hours, and i plan on staying up for another 19 or so. should be fun."
"sony had the best press conference. the new nintendo system looks intriguing, but it doesn't really strike enough of an interest for me to start making purchase plans. plus the name is retarded."
listening to music on <propfirst> lashley's turtle beach x11 headset. i've gotta buy me one of these things.
"coming home today, although i still got a couple of hours to wait before i leave. already packed. i think i'll just surf the web and listen to music."
can't seem to shut down his mind to get some sleep.
"wants to play cod4 so bad, but can't because of the hacked lobbies. infinity <propmale>, please patch your game."
it feels like it's been june for a lot longer than 26 days.
"my letter is q.something i like: questions something i don't like: quake 3: arenasomebody: <propmale> tarantinosomething i hate: the letter q.like and i will give you a letter."
"whenever i look at a really well done drawing by a talented artist, i can't help but wish i could do that. i think i may try to teach myself how to draw. it's going to be a long road before i can put out any piece with any semblance of quality, though. drawing stick figures is about the limit of my talents at this time, and i can't even do that very well."
"if anyone wants a free copy of bioshock for the xbox 360, holler at me."
"to kill a man in a paroxysm of passion is understandable, but to have him killed by someone else after calm and serious meditation and on the pretext of duty honourably discharged is incomprehensible. - <propmale> de <propfemale>"
"i love how <propmale> cohen's lyrics are awesome, yet his album titles include ""recent songs"", ""songs of <propmale> cohen"", ""ten new songs"", and ""songs from a room""."
"i got the artist: musesong i like: stockholm syndromesong i hate: i can't think of any.song i love: uprisinglike to see which artist you get."
"""it's really powerful, especially against living things!"" ""what about you, <propmale>?"" ""i have this!"" you gotta love that re1 dialogue."
"i got wiring loose inside my head, i got books that i never, ever read. i got secrets in my garden shed, i got a scar where all my urges bled. i got people underneath my bed, i got a place where all my dreams are dead. swim with me into your blackest eyes."
"finally finished with summer reading work. (kind of procrastinated, but hey, that's how i roll)"
"<propmale> kubrick box set finally came. spartacus, <propfemale>, dr. strangelove, 2001: a space odyssey, a clockwork orange, <propmale> <propmale>, the shining, full metal jacket, and eyes wide shut. all on blu-ray. i am in quite a jovial state."
just figured out that <propfirst> davies played <propfirst> manson in the movie helter skelter 2004. i must see this film.
"is up and ready for school. have a few hours to kill, though."
"netflix is, by far, the greatest website/movie service ever concocted."
the devil and god are raging inside me by brand new is a great album.
why is eyes wide shut generally considered to be bad? i just watched it and i thought it was great.
"like a bat out of hell, i'll be gone when the morning comes!"
is extremely sick. i've been lying in bed with the flu for the past 30 hours.
grinding for pro perks in cod: black ops = not fun.
"she was the color of t.v.    her mouth curled under like a metal snake    although holy wood was sad    they'd remember this as <propfirst>'s day        flies are waiting        in the shadow of the valley of death    in the shadow of the valley of death"
