340
8ff6192bbbb717c36097b33e244d91de
29
-
i just mowed the lawn with a defective mower. does anybody out there have a lawnmower they are willing to sell?
i saw transformers: rotf yesterday. it was amazing!!! very long though.
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr............ i hate my internet service. it always messes stuff  up!!  sad 
"""a true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.""    - <propmale> glasow"
is going on a trip to california. not very excited yet. i hope i have a good time.
is thinking about writing something random.
"""the less you talk, the more you will be listened to."""
got his haircut today. it's too short.
"just got back from one of his best weeks ever, only to find life isn't the way it used to be."
just ate some crumbly ice cream. yummy!
"our school attendence this year is going to be pretty low, i think. a lot of people are leaving."
is going to have a great day at oaks park!
hates always being tired. sleep does not affect me. mabye i'm not human.  smile 
"going to the beach today, where it is around 15 degrees cooler plus a breeze. smile "
"today is going to be another long, boring, summer day."
"i got my first black eye yesterday. it doesn't circle my eye though, it's just under it."
"i'm going to a 4th of july party tonight. were going to make things go boom! hehehe....(don't worry, we'll be careful)  smile "
can't decide what to write about.
"""the world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing"""
started painting his room 2 hours ago and is nearly finished.
is going to get baptized at 2pm. finally.
wishes the that the heat would go away. i'd rather live in alaska than here right now.
is bored.
ugghh. i had to paint for 5 hours straight today. i'm dead tired. at least i got paid well.  smile 
had a great time at clakamas county fair last night. great rodeo.
is not very happy right now. my mom won't let me see district 9.  sad 
"is felling guilty, but glad at he same time."
ugh. can't wait until tomorrow. gonna have a great time.
"i had a horrible dream. i was sitting in a room, and i was surrounded by retards who wouldn't shut up. their leader was standing up front and ranting about some dumb thing, and i was forced to listen. i was then told to work for them in exchange for my life, which of course i did. after hours of grueling work, it suddenly stopped, and i could leave. what a nightmare....... oh wait, that's just a normal school day."
is thankful to god for the <propmale> to e playful erience him last week in cali. i'm also thankful for everybody who enabled it to happen and for all the great people i shared the trip with.  smile 
is super mad right now. somebody most likely stole 20 dollars out of my wallet. aaargh.  sad 
hates bad dreams.  sad 
got all excited about getting new music onto his ipod and........ my itunes failed. that's gay.  sad 
"ugh. i had my soul stolen from me today, all because it's a school requirement.  sad "
"can't wait until next week. it's almost eating me alive! well, not really."
"""the past is a memory, the present a gift, the future a mystery"""
"for some reason, i got a friend request from myself."
i hate day light savings. it makes me mad. really mad. grrrrrrr......
yaaaaa! it's raining! i love rain!
just got back from a crazy time camping at the beach. i now realize that camping is no longer fun when it pours down rain and creates a lake right under your tent. at least we didn't drown in our sleep.  smile 
"ahhhhhhh........ just got back from a wonderful dinner at applebees. dang, they have good steak!"
hooray! we're going to get actual internet starting thursday. yay!  smile 
"not very excited about going to cali. i mean, i'm excited that <propmale>'s graduating, but it would be cooler(literally) if he came up here and graduated."
the graduation was great!  were on time now in san <propmale> waiting for our flight to come. can't wait to get home. i'm tired of this gross weather.  sad 
"""an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind."" - ghandi"
saw his brother today. my how he's changed! it's mostly physical though. bet you guys can't wait to see him!  smile 
"god doesn't require proof, but people require proof of god."
snowwww!!!!!
number one rule of studenting: never talk back to the teacher. it always spells trouble.
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday! i had a great time today(i think).  smile 
is taking <propmale> to the airport later today. <propmale> leaves sometime tomorrow morning. please pray for him!
i hate life.  sad 
"our brain is an incredible piece of flesh. from only one encounter with a specific taste, smell, or sight, it is able to identify what that thing is the next time around. that came in handy for guessing what was inside my presents this year. anyway, <propfemale> christmas to all!!!!"
"some people think i""m crazy. others think i'm weird. i think they are right.  playful "
this week is really slow.  sad 
rule number two of studenting: do as the teacher says. to a certain point of course.
"had a crazy new years night/day. i stayed up until 3 am working on a puzzle which was mentally fatiguing, then slept off and on for 8 hrs. i woke up with an imprint of the carpet on my face, and my nose was stuffed up. i felt like i was dead. but the rest of the day went pretty well, so my new year is off to a good start.  smile "
found out the hard way that you should wrap your wrists befaore punching a punching bag. ow.
has to work for 5 hr. today to pay of some debt.
why is the world so unfair? why are people living on the streets while others are living in million dollar houses? why are people blessed with beauty and others need to hide themselves? why are people less fortunate than us looked down upon? how did this all come to be?
i yelled at a football player in a hole because that's how i roll.
"remember, your objective is only to survive, not to obliterate the zerg."
only in death do we have an excuse for apathy.
ugh. i hate meatloaf. it is so gross.  playful 
"life can be so short, yet so full of adventures. but the only problem is many adventures are not of our choosing and don't live up to our e playful ectations."
"had a smashing time playing combat arms today. kicked some butt, but mostly got my butt kicked.  smile "
"some moments in life pass by in rapid succession, leaving you yearning to live those moments again in order to live them to their fullest extent. but they are gone, and what remains are memories to remember them by, and dreams of what we could have done instead. the feeling is relentless, and haunts the mind and body with determination."
"screwed up my arm today playing ""rugby"". it really hurts to move it.  sad "
amusement brings laughter and laughter brings a smile. smiles bring happiness and happiness brings joy. and joy is the best of them all.
question: do you ride a bicycle or do you drive it?
"mmmm, apples and <propfemale>. oh, what a glorious combination!"
question: what's the difference between cold hot chocolate and chocolate milk?
three day weekend! yay!!
"he comes from the grave, his body a home of worms and filth. no life in his eyes, no warmth of his skin, no beating of his breast. his soul, as empty and dark as the night sky. he laughs at the blade, spits at the arrow, for they will not harm his flesh. for eternity, he will walk the earth, smelling the sweet blood if the living, feasting upon the bones of the damned. beware, for he is the living dead."
i hate having my birthday so close to thanksgiving. it takes all the fun out of both of them.
"i feel putridly sick, the vile taste of a failed immune system rising in the back of my throat. every time i breathe, my body trembles in agony, my muscles cry out for relief, my mind floods with warning signals of death. yet i press on, this hell not deterring me from my passions and my prayers."
"live life to its fullest, just be careful what you fill it with."
the worst insults come when we don't even mean it.
"words. the greatest thing about them is that they will never cease to exist. they start in the mind, and always stay there, even when spoken. words, the core of communication, allow humans to process, reason, and form thoughts. without them, mankind would die. they exhibit emotion, and occasionally are used in a way they weren't meant for."
"are we mere machines? do we walk and talk about as if we are mindless creatures, preprogrammed to walk a perfect life? of coures not. that is because there is choice, and the choices we make are what determines the outcome of our entire life. people mess up, but why? because their choices are influenced in bad ways."
"conflict. nobody likes it, and yet it happens all the time. it occurs when two or more sides of a battle collide or have disagreements, and it rarely ends well. there are two kinds of conflict: personal and public. a personal conflict takes place as a person doubts themselves or has a moral dilemna. public conflict is just the spreading of the personal conflict to affect other parties."
"no rain, no gain. hot sun, no fun.  sad "
"some people escape by using drugs. others, sex. for me though, i find my escape in christ jesus."
it's amazing how two days can feel like forever.
"need the best repairman around? call on jesus. he's free, and always open."
i miss frisbee.....
monotony will kill us all.
"what are peoples plans for monday(presidents day)? i want to have another halo ""party"". would you be interested?"
it had better snow this week....
i think my other classmate dropped out of school.....or off the face of the earth. who knows.
"it may be your burden, but that doesn't mean you can't share the load."
"playing hacky sack on wet, slippery wood = not a good idea."
"lets see how much you know about me. 4 of the following 6 statements are lies. the other 2 are truths. if you get it right, ill give you something special. 1. i like tomatoes.2. my upper arms have a circumference of 14 in. 3. i was stabbed in the right eye when i was little.4. clouds are my favorite part of nature. 5. i like all genres of music.6. i have never broken or sprained any part of my body."
i feel sick. maybe i shouldn't have eaten that snow....
i could say i hate mondays. or i could just say i hate school.
goodbye beard. see you in a month.
apprehensive.
"shoot for the <propfemale>. even if you miss, you'll land amongst the stars."
who knew one person could e playful erience so much emotion?
hi! because hello is just too complicated.
im tired of being tired.
it's amazing how reading the bible can comfort me so much. thank you god.
"and i searched the world for a poem i could read, a rhyme that could bring <propfemale> to my <propmale>. but no writing i found was worthy of this god high above all other gods. what are my words compared to yours?  you speak in thunder and lightning, your voice shakes the mountains, the foundations of the earth. and all i can offer is this fragile breath, and with each one i'll praise you, i'll praise you more."
"you can give up, or you can give yourself to christ. one leads to death, the other to eternal life in a paradise, heaven. hrm. such a tough decision."
want to change your life? then go ahead. nothing is stopping you but yourself.
sickness only makes being home alone worse.  sad 
i hate the past. it deserves to be erased from memory forever. i dont care if the memories were good; they dont matter anymore. only our future in christ does.
is it safe to drink shower water?
i kind of really like mozilla firefox.
i wish there were more people in the world that cared like i do.
"a conversation is like playing tennis. if you dont return the ball, the conversation ends."
"""money is like a glove. friendship is like your hand. one is useful, the other essential."""
doctors: masters of violation or helpers of humanity?
"i feel sick. oh, wait. i am."
prayer does not go unanswered.
this weekend had better be good. i deserve it.
we are social and sexual creatures. now that's a recipe for disaster without proper care.
i love seeing others smile.  laugh 
do you even know what it's like?
i can't stand this. i need to sit down.
i need to stop thinking about life and start focusing on living mine.
"for every like of this post, i'll tell you a random fact about me."
"hold me close, away from the bitter."
no sleeping in for this poor soul.
i'm in the mood for rocking out to music.  laugh 
people are stupid.
it's time to wake up. life is more than just a dream. it's a god given gift. use it wisely.
"if god is love, then its not love that holds us together."
i never knew geocaching would be so fun.  smile 
god puts back together the broken pieces that have been thrown away.
fun is a relative term.
"i'm probably the most complicated guy you'll ever meet. so, it might not be worth your time trying to figure me out."
"well, that was one heck of a trip."
spring is here. it's time for me to start over with a new beginning and a new end in sight.
i get to shoot things today. yay.
i am my own worst enemy.
anyone interested in helping me raise 400 dollars in two months?
you don't know me as well as you think you do.
christians never retire.
i want to play ultimate frisball.
iron sharpens iron. too bad everyone else is using bronze.
i  love  portland.
i'm debating shearing off my hair. thoughts?
frisbeeeeeeee!!!!!!!  laugh ddd
"you may have your own gods, but my god, my god is greater, my god is stronger."
i just want to sit and write. why does school have to get in the way of that?
"i will put my trust in jesus, for he has already conquered the world."
i feel bleh.
"using only one word, define me."
it's like a snot factory up there.
maintaining a beard sucks.
i shot a zombie and i liked it.
i have a ride along with a portland police officer tomorrow. i'm scared.   annoyed 
my curiosity always gets the best of me.
"if there was nothing wrong, then there would be nothing right."
just pray it.
god is good.
life is so confreakingfusing.
"science fair, i hate you..."
i need a hug...
...or prayer.
"satan, get away from me and my life!"
this is probably the hardest week of my life. or so it feels.
where do i belong?
google images has some really weird photos...
jesus' everlasting salvation unites sinners
hacked: you left your account logged in at my house. -  love  <propfemale>
it's hard enough just surviving.
what is a friend?
"i could be happy. i could be sad. but in this world, does it even matter anymore?"
i like sharp pencils. hehehe...
life is short. eat fast food.
normal is hard to fake.
i'm listening to <propfirst> bieber. she has a nice voice.  smile 
"""but among you there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed, because these are improper for god's holy people. nor should there be obscenity, foolish talk or coarse joking, which are out of place, but rather thanksgiving."" - ephesians 5 smile -4"
it's gonna be a couple lonely nights.  annoyed 
what's this life for?
*sighhhh*
what a beautiful mess we've made...
do not aspire to be anything like me.
it feels as if the whole world is out to get me right now...
"when you say jump, i'll ask, ""how high?""."
"oddly enough, i actually like going to the dentist."
your arms feel like home.
what changed?
i hate my disfunctional school.
i don't hope. i pray.
my knee keeps twitching...
i find it ironic how the answers to the mysteries in life can only be discovered in death.
i'm lick man hoover.
"am i getting more mature, or is the world just getting immature? i can't tell the difference sometimes."
"do something too much, it becomes a habit.use something too much, it becomes an addiction.think something too much, and it becomes a reality."
"i want to dance in the rain. well, not dance. just play."
i wonder if mr fantastic gets muscle cramps....
"the world has ended, yet here i stand. cold and beaten, scared and abandoned, a solitary life in a lonely world. i was unworthy to be left behind, unworthy to be saved, somewhere between heaven and hell. but i see a light in the midst of the darkness. and his name is jesus."
"either i swallowed my heart, or i just have two."
i cant wait until winter.
putt...putt...putt...whack!
complete darkness. you open your eyes and nothing changes. .
"i feel like someone took a meat tenderizer to my torso. over, and over, and over again."
why does my name have so many nicknames?
"lying in the dark, staring up at a fan, and pondering..."
"on a scale from one to ten, should it be possible for anything to be a ten?"
i think i found my new favorite quote.
i hate this...
once upon a time...
is it suicide if you take someone with you?
ahh... the sat's... stupid asinine timewasters.
"are we alive, or just breathing?"
"when you read something to yourself, are you  hearing it as well?"
"the question is not ""who am i?"". rather, it is ""why am i?"""
my toe feels like it was stepped on twice by cleats. oh wait... it was.  playful 
are you ready for some frisbee?
"level of excitement for school tomorrow, on a scale from 1 to 10 = -10"
think about it.
"sometime, i just want to copy someone's status word for word just to see if they notice."
i made a stupid decision and now i'm paying for it. literally.
nice catch... with your face.
i shaved off my beard today. i'm not sure whether to hate it or love it.  playful 
"i don't know what tomorrow holds, but i know who holds tomoprrow."
bad day.
"""we come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.""    - <propfirst> keen"
"huh. i just realized that i actually have a name inside my name, which is kinda creepy."
one simple question: do you trust me?
"you're knife, my back."
"i may be grotesque, i may be a freak, but i know one thing for sure: i am loved and will always be capable of loving."
"i have the ability to do sometihng great with my life. i can do it, if my motivation was strong enough. i would do it, but my mind is lacking in knowledge, confining me to my comfort zones. i want to do it, yet i don't want to screw up my only <propmale>. but by not doing it, does that label me a coward?"
thunder and hail! thunder and hail! someone must have made god mad.
<propfemale> is good.
i think racing has moved up to number 3 on my favorite sports list.
"in my own world, i am."
i love halo music.  laugh 
the heart is the rhythm of the life; the veins are the speakers; the blood is the music.
guess what?
"to be, or to be, that is not the question."
i wish mouths were soundproof.
i'd rather be the man who comes in last than the nobody who comes in fourth.
"some people have their glass half empty. others, half full. in my case, my glass has been tipped over and it's contents reduced to a puddle, both on the table and my lap."
sometimes goodbye is a second <propmale>.
don't judge me.
what is least e playful ected hurts the most.
"if no one tells us about it, how can we be e playful ected to know?"
i hope this week is good to me.
ugh. i hate it when i can't remember where i saw that actor before. it really gets to me.
"tomorrow, you will be a good day, won't you?"
"dear friends, the week ahead of us is very special to me. so please, if possible, try not to screw it up. thanks."
i think black friday should go back to bed and never wake up.
i can't escape this hell. so many times i've tried. but i'm still caged inside. somebody get me through this nightmare. i can't control myself.
i could really use a wish right now.
"the heart may be the center of the circulatory system, but it's just as much the center of my nervous system."
"stand for something, or you'll fall for anything."
peekaboo! i see you.....
"some people can't distinguish between what is fun, and what is annoying."
"i don't know about you, but i'm keeping christ in christmas."
bummer.  sad 
wow. i'm surprised at how bad my day is ending up.
anyone want to go to wunderland?
"on a scale of 1 to 10, how well do you think you know me?"
i really wish i knew what gods plan for my life was. not that i would try to change anything. i just don't like the unknowns.
i swear wires are from the devil.
you know what's funny about being funny? absolutely nothing.
"the school year is officially over. for me, it was the best year ever and will probably stay that way. i think i laughed more this year than all the year preceding it combined. i don't think i would have made it if i didn't have amazing classmates and teachers. thank you for the support and the memories. adios, mis amigos.  smile "
"lately, i've been thinking about not thinking. and frankly, not thinking is unthinkable."
"warning: i destroy things near me when i'm bored or waiting for something. but, i occasionally do it just for entertainment. so... you've been warned."
"bros before hos, but ladies before all."
i got a paper cut from using facebook. that takes hardcore skill.
loading...
"o death, where is your victory?o death, where is your sting?"
stupid bowl. you just had to go and break yourself. whatever.
"i'm not ready to lay, not ready fade; i'm not ready to die."
"the more you live life, the sooner you'll die."
there's change in the air. too bad the wind's blowing in the opposite direction.
"if life was easy, we would all be dead."
"i stabbed myself with a pencil today. that's makes the record 2-0, with the pencil in the lead."
"only the strong survive, but only the courageous prevail."
don't bash what you don't understand.
"im such a depressing person. sorry, guys.  playful "
"5 things i hate about the summer, apart from it being summer: 1. the heat 2. sooooo boring 3. ""swimming"" 4. dead grass 5. having no air conditioning"
you can't save yourself from your own stupidity.
"i kind of like e playful eriencing winter in july. hot sun, cold snow... ah, good times."
what if...?
"bullets are dangerous, but so are words."
"watch your thoughts; they become words.watch your words; they become actions.watch your actions; they become habits.watch your habits; they become character.everyone is a genius at least once a year. the real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.  - georg cristoph lichtenberg"
tic tacs or mentos?
"i hate high energy people. animals too, for that matter."
"the weak of the mind will use fists, and the fists of the frail will bring guns; the loudest of guns provoke bombs, and in wrath he will <propmale> 'til its done."
"i am the last of a dying breed: the spartans, built to fight and born to lead. we will destroy the covenant and make them bleed. cortana lead me, through your eyes i will see. headshot!!"
frisbeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's not a new year. it's a new decade.
i hate fridays...
"dear god, <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference."
if only...
"finally, some oregon weather."
"so far, so bad."
"hmmm...which of these sound most interesting? a robbery at a carnival, a murder on plane, or a terrorist attack on a post office?"
faecbook neds to get a spell-chek theng reallly soone.  playful 
just got our car rammed by some stupid driver going 35 down our road.
hmmm... i wonder if washing the inside of your nose does anything...
"are you afraid? well, you'd better be."
i hate long days...
why do naps make me even more tired!?! ugh...
it really sucks being a high-schooler and having most of your good friends in college.  playful 
"if you think about it, there is nothing worse than life."
how can we know how victory feels unless we have felt defeat?
ouch. why do baseball fields have to be so gritty?
"the past is a memory. the present, a gift. the future, a mystery."
smile.  smile 
two words: halo legos.
snow?
i think i found the one...
im happy right now. the ducks lost.  smile 
i love close encounters with zombies.
"when youre down, god knows whats up."
loading...
"when it's gloomy outside, the world needs your light, not that of the sun. so, let your light shine, for all the world to see."
kidnap successful.
what a day.....
"during the summer, are the days longer or are the nights shorter?"
there is no point arguing with an idiot.
 laugh 
"opinions are opinions and facts are facts, while no opinion is a fact"
fml.  laugh 
cap'n crunch: the worlds most annoying cereal.
leaving for maine tomorrow. i'm going to miss my oregonians.
what drinks flesh and eats blood?
i hate airports almost as much hospital.
what are some good apps for the iphone/ipod touch?
i have the best aunts and uncles. period.
that is redundantly redundant.
i just cut an apple with a butter knife. beat that!
"just played the most epic, worst game of sorry!"
its not easy being a rock.
"i'm duct taping my gloves. why? because i'm bored, i have the duct tape, and it's going to look sweet when i'm done!"
i'm not retreating... i'm advancing in a different direction.
the world without me would be: __________
want the next generation to be full of republicans? spank your children more.
sweat is the cologne of success.
like this status if you enjoy having fun.
i'm in desperate need of a cure for laziness.
"donuts for breakfast, pizza for lunch, and little children for dinner. oh, what a fabulous diet!"
anyone want to go to wunderland this week? i can get you and your friends in for free.
"if jesus had a cell phone, what would his number be?"
"just got done watching an amazing musical, carousel."
the end of the world is near; there are <propfirst> bieber dolls.  playful 
the nature of nature is to be naturally natural.
"facebook is a drug. use it too much and you become addicted, and it destroys your life. using it too little makes it pointless. but when you take the required amount of facebook, it cures boredom, connects you with friends and relieves stress."
you speak my name and i'm no longer there. who am i?
i've got a bad feeling about this...
it's not easy being short.
is it twisted to have a fascination with the concept of death?
i'm beginning to resent motion pictures.
"ughhhh..... i feel like a razor was shoved down my throat, twisted in unnatural ways, then ripped out slowly. stupid sickness.  sad "
"dear agony, just let go of me."
trust is not something to put your faith in.
the world is a germ.
blub. blub. blub. hi! im a fish!  laugh 
i woke up on the wrong side of the universe.
i love peeling dried glue off my skin. it makes me feel like a snake.
blarg.
you know what a good oxymoron is? homework.  playful 
i'm having a craving to go on a picnic.
"oregon, i believe in you. shed your tears, release them from on high; let them fall, frozen, heavy, white. break the spell, oregon; pour out your cold wrath upon us. weigh the land with a frosty burden, cover the impurities of your past; create a fantasy land, a winter wonderland."
"some people can't help sounding like idiots, myself included."
"i'm a proud pessimist, though i'm sure it'll get me killed soon enough."
want to know why the grass is greener on the other side? it's because they actually water it over there.
"i hate being lazy, but lazy loves being me.  playful "
"i don't forgive and forget. i forget, then forgive them because i don't remember what they did."
our toilet paper is the worst. it's like rubbing sandpaper against your skin. i might as well use the bark off the tree used to make the paper.  playful 
i'm seventeen? really? i can't tell.
"what's more rude: not saying thank you to your waiter, or spitting food at them because you tried to say thank you with your mouth full?"
"i like poetry, long walks on the beach, and poking dead things with a stick."
i love my fiends.  smile 
"the more you frown, the easier it becomes to smile."
i miss ultimate frisbee on wednesdays...  sad 
over-sized snuggies and dining tables full of food do not mix well.
this is going to be one interesting/crazy/weird/fun/amazing weekend.
finals? kill me now.
ugh.
what's your favorite color of the alphabet?
eyes are so creepy.  surprise 
"sigh... i hate the mail system. that includes you, fedex and ups.  playful "
i'm being sarcastic. can't you tell?
ticonderoga makes too good of pencils...
my nose has been reduced to a snot factory.
homework is forced child labor.
"use me, abuse me, break me if you like, but remember this: you'll get yours in hell."
i don't feel very receptive today.
gah. i hate jamming my finger.
"a world without war isa world without jobs anda world without compromise, forall life is war. whether it be heaven againsthell or man against beast, all live in war.man thrives on destructionand power, and position and fame;man fears what he cannot tame.god created man and man created war; when war is gone, life is meaningless, for all life is war.       - <propmale> g."
"dear child, don't you fear. you're only going to die."
the darkest hour only has sixty minutes.
immortal or invincible?
"thank you friends of my facebook for all your birthday...wishes? statements? questions? whatever they were, it gives me one more thing to be thankful for on this day, thanksgiving, and it makes me glad that i'm appreciated.  smile "
face plants into the ground do wonders to your body.  playful 
living is simple. life is incredibly complicated.
"hooray, it's a 2 day weekend...why can't our school have a normal schedule?"
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood. the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday december 6th. support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status.
"yeah, that's right, i'm posting this from school.  laugh "
i just can't shake the feeling....
"i'm rarely called by my real name, <propmale>, and i kind of want to be, just to see what its like. so, if you would be so kind to oblige my request and call me <propmale> for about a week, i'd be happy. but, if you are lazy, dont bother. i'll say and spell your name wrong too."
"pretzels, raisins, and peanut butter. what an interesting combination."
"i want to be crazy, but no one is willing to be my kind of crazy with me."
sharp knives + <propmale> = happy <propmale>.  laugh 
"i must have a very strong heartbeat, because i can see my veins pulse."
two things teens don't have in this generation: commitment and respct. it's a shame really.
it looks like frosted flakes out there.
*siiigggghhhhhhh*
who's more irrational: the young man or the older woman?
"they have little caesar's pizza, but why aren't there any little hitler's, little stalin's, or little hirohito's?"
"well, that life sucked."
fascinating...
"too many thoughts, not enough time."
"gr. i hate it when people make fun of me for being a picky eater. i mean, really. it's my body, it's my taste buds, and it's going through my digestive system. i have a right to be able to choose what enters and exits my mouth. if it's gross to me, why would i eat it? some people just don't get it."
i like bubbles. i like eating bubbles. but i don't like what happens when i eat bubbles.
"it's not that i'm afraid to die, i just don't want to be there when it happens."
"i hope it snows tomorrow. that way, i can play frisbee in the snow!  smile "
why am i always chosen to die first?
is this a rhetorical question?
who knew painting an elephant could be so much fun?  laugh 
huh. i guess i was naughty this year; i found coal in my stocking.
"my top 5 voices: liam neeson, <propfirst> <propmale>, the guy who say ""slayer"" in halo, <propfirst> <propmale>, and  <propfemale> mortimer."
"i just need to get through the day, and then all my troubles will pass away."
my life feels like a dream.
"""the course of true love never did run smooth."""
its pointless to use logic on an illogical fool. they just get confused.
you cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.
i despise urbanization.
does somebody want to do anything on monday?
"i don't know what's going on with me, but i don't like it."
you know something is wrong when you are mistaken for an adult 5 times before you are even 18.
is anyone up for a movie this week? i dont feel busy enough.
"i don't think i'm ever going to have another costco hotdog. gosh, do they give me intestinal problems."
"""i destroy my enemies when i make them my friends."""
stereotype me. i dare you.
"i feel like my life is waste. i have no story, no influence, no particular skills that are useful. i just suck."
gah. so many good games coming out this year.....i need a job.  playful 
"prayer makes the world better. so, i could use some now."
if you're happy and you know it clap your hands. +claps+
"my life resembles a gum ball machine. all it takes is a question, a quarter, and ill give an answer. so, dont go around complaining that you dont know me very well. im sitting right here, waiting for you to care, waiting for a quarter."
"sometimes even leaders stumble and fall. and when that happens, who is there to help them up?"
"to say that this week was long would be an understatement. to say that this week was emotional would be an understatement. yet, despite that, to say that this week was the greatest week ever would be spot on."
i think i'm getting sick.
"can i take a day off from life, please?"
why does nobody text me back?  sad 
hehehehe......
"for my first real <propfirst>'s day, id say it was great. and its a great start to a week full of fun.  smile "
"i've got an ace up my sleeve, and a <propfirst> in my pocket. the <propfemale> lies in my hand  where's the <propmale>?"
"satan, please just leave her alone."
im going to try to grow a goatee on top of my beard. i hope it works out.
"saturday. halo. my house, at 7. anyone interested?"
is it bad to drink a gallon of oj before going to bed?
