203
7b8c92977c4f15fd70734343e15159e7
20
-
i am mclovin   chicka chicka yeah yeeeah  smile 
wants to go blonder    
is going to stay at a haunted hotel on the weekend in oxford oooh spooky  
lesbian vampire killers is a load of poop dont watch it lol
wot a depressing day      
*the temper trap- sweet disposition* turned up loud is a tune
*<propmale> <propfemale>- sexual healing* lol
*soulja boy- kiss me thru the phone* lalalalalala
ne1 know any good products to get rid of spots?  sad 
i have the best bf in the world  smile  love him loads xxxxxxx mwah
"x factor is poo this year, last year was better "
2 years 2day  smile  love u xxxxxx
thinks olly will win x factor tonight
wants <propfemale> to beat arsenal today  smile 
damn i thought olly was gunna win
cnt watch big brother now cuz of the stupid snow messin with sky dish!!!!!!!
had a good night at <propfemale>s    am not drunk <propfemale> honest  wink  xxxxxx
"is at home, but missin stu loads n wish he was here for new years <propfemale>  sad  xx"
headaaacchhheeee  sad (((
*<propfirst> sparks- one step at a time*  smile 
i dont look like anyone famous  sad  lol
happy valentines day  smile  goin 2 the cinema later wiv my lovely stu xxx
10 days till im 20 woop lol still feel about 16 tho  smile 
england played well for once! wooooooooooo
didnt realise it would cost me £100 n odd to get my hair done at <propfemale> n guy damn   
also thank u all for my messages xxx
woooo bluessssssss
has got a job interview monday woo wish me luck  smile 
"feelin ill n dizzy 2day  annoyed  but cnt wait till my birthday next week  smile  my lovely bf is treatin me 2 a day out in london, on the london eye and sealife aquarium and other shiz  laugh  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
"got her her <propfirst> ban sunnies delivered 2day, my birthday prezzie off me mom  smile  thank youuuu gunna wear them fri as its gunna be a <propfemale> day yaaaaaay lol xxxxx"
owwwwww bumfluff  sad 
the only way is essex on record    now time 2 snuggle in bed n watch kick ass  smile 
loves mr bean  smile  lol
has exciting times ahead of her  smile ))))))
following the heart  love  love  is the only path to self discovery and ones true self   accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself    and then and only then will you be truly happy!!!  smile 
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world <propfemale> rowley   smile ))) lots of love xxxxxxx
high school musical 3 = cheese on toast   but i still love it  smile 
"if you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong       remember ~ mom's are a promise from god that you will have afriend forever!!! i love my mom she is the best!!!!!!!! put this as    your status if you love your mom   xxx ?"
"today we saw muslims break the 2 minute silence in central london, with banners holding ""british soldiers burn in hell"" & the burning of a poppy    if you don't like us people paying respect for our brave fighters, then you know where the airport is  disgusting, disrespectful b******s! copy and paste this if you're british and proud  r i p our brave fighters"
has anyone watched the antichrist? its one wierd film  annoyed 
going to see kings of <propfirst> next friday    woo cant wait!!!  smile ))))))))
a night in with the lovely <propfemale> with some wine munchies and x factor later  smile 
a bird shat on me 2day    its not been a good day  sad  lol
is hoping for me n mr phipps to win the lottery 2nite  playful 
"dnt see the point of this number game cuz the person who its about ends up likin it anyway, may aswell jus write on their wall lol"
"staffy x labrador for stud, brilliant temperament very loving and good with kids needs a girlfriend lol we want 1 of his puppies!!!"
x factor woo <propfemale> 2 win!! gunna ring up n vote 4 her!
is addicted to watching sex and the city boxset i got 4 xmas    but the best bit is that my bf actually likes it too which means i get to watch it all the time   love it  smile  lol
finally got a charger for this bloody laptop!!!!!!
omg how does wagner get through and <propfemale> doesnt??? whoevers voting for wagner ur a bunch of idiots!!!
"england played well, although i dont no why every1 is gettin so excited cuz its downhill from here   as if we had a <propmale> of winning pfff"
hates bein pale    need some serious tannage!
cant wait to see ub40 tommorow night at wolverhampton civic hall    gunna shake my bootie to red red wine lol  smile )))))
had a lovely day shopping n got spoiled  playful       come on england we need 2 win else we are doomed!!!!
willing to fit my small self into anyones suitcase if they are goin abroad   i need a holiday !  smile 
boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
won £50 at bingo with cozza 2night woohoo lol
"watched toy story 3 today in 3d, was bloody brill  smile "
hmmm not looking forward to the second half
i like it on the floor next to my bed
"feels sick now   has eaten bag a revels, haribo n sum galaxy blaaaa  annoyed "
<propfemale> christmas evry1!   smile 
headache araarararararar
"depression is not a sign of weakness it's a sign that you've been trying for too long,please re-post this if you suffer or know somebody that suffers from depression,it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer from it at some point in our life "
x factor again woooo cant wait to see the lovely <propfirst> buble perform  love  love  love 
booooooo rooney u big fat lump of pooooooooooo!
wishes she could go on holiday to get away from this stupid weather   also to have a nice tan cuz i miss being called a paki  sad  lol
"just been to see paranormal activity 2    was very scary and jumpy, deffo better than the 1st one!!"
"is happy at my lovely stus  smile ))) missed him very much, 3  n half weeks was just toooooo long lol"
whats goin on with <propfemale> coles hair?  annoyed 
chinese 2nite yumm and scary films    cnt wait to go and watch paranormal activty 2 and saw 3d
goin to see saw 3d soon yaayyy   got bit of a headache tho noooo lol
 love  love  love  3 years 2day love  love  love     gone so quick   love u always my stupot mwah xxxx
think my moms abit obssesed with westlife  annoyed  lol
hideous spot on my <propfemale> please go away you are makin me look like the elephant man  annoyed 
ahh phew shes still in    still reckon she'll win  smile 
"laughin 2 myself cuz when the old bloke off family guy whistles as he talks, ozzy thought it sounded like fireworks from outside, he shot up to the window to have a look    silly dog  smile "
<propfemale> was brill she will win  smile 
fancies some fizzy sweets lol
<propfemale> is gunna win x factor!!
<propfemale> fainting again hahahahaha funny
its halloween and theres no decent scary films on????
"2day = walkin to tamworth train station, train to brum, train to reading then train to bracknell = mission      but totally worth it to see my cockney loveeerrrrrrr  smile  xxx"
anybody want to buy 2 tickets to see kings of <propfirst> for 2morro  night 7 30pm at <propfemale> birmingham??? £120 its standing      cant go anymore so need to sell them!!!!!!! or if you know anyone who would buy them let me know asap please 
hope <propfemale> goes!!!!
dnt care if this cartoon thing is really peodos    im still keepin my pic up!! screw you peodos!    is that how u spell peodos?? lol
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????? if you have an amazing mum, put this as your status! ???????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"happy birthday to meeeeeeeeeeeeee yayy had a lovely day out in reading, stu got me some lovely shoeeeesssssssssss gettin treated like a <propfemale>    as always  smile "
