76
fdbeb92579798623ea97f3b85e5e6044
18
-
is still sick
wants more presents!!
has lost all his neighbors in farmville for some reason   
is catching a cold
just heard a very loud noise
just woke up from a nap and thought it was 6 smile 9 in the morning
wishes it would rain more often  laugh 
now has windows 7
waaaa i have no talent
i just got some hand-me-downs
trying to clear your throat while having hic ups is awkward
just got red steel 2
dammit <propfirst>! whenever you eat cookies at my house i find crumbs on the floor
i'm starting to feel tired after doing nothing
i'm bored! also <propmale> made me feel handicapped  sad 
my nose is cold
is going to be taking a break from face book now
my way worked!!
is back for spring break
just read that the ds will be allowed in schools in japan starting april
start drinking all the soda <propfirst>!
"i got my camera, hope no one steals that too"
wants something new to talk about
damn it i'm sick
was bored so he made a new steam account
is made because his computer sucks at gaming
i just remembered that i'm scared of manikin heads
fell asleep and woke up
yay my face book isn't acting so stupid anymore
i downloaded portal but when i tried to play it my computer froze  sad 
is mad cause he left an easy math problem blank on a final
omg my house is so hot
had a really fun day that he doesn't want to forget
my eyes are itchy but i'm afraid that if i rub them it'll just become worse
has been attacked by ninjas
aw my last grandparent died
has been blocked by a person on aim who is afraid of thinking of ghosts
is mad at deadliest warrior because they didn't include the ak-47 for the vc
went to sleep at 2 and woke up at 8 and i feel rested
wants the vc to win in deadliest warrior
my dad threw away my classes before i got to see them so now i don't know what i have
stayed at fanime till 11:44 pm
people are scary o o
i feel shorter o o
bijan is a sand monkey
has lost his concentration
i'm bored!!
i know i shouldn't keep staying up late but it's a habit now
i hate it when lots of little annoying things happen at the same time
caught a cold during summer
i'm dooooomed
i think i have pink eye  sad 
haz teh bestest friendz <propfemale>!!
lol omg i just saw a deer walk up the street infront of my road
bijan is slow
im almost home!!!
there's nothing to do here     
<propfirst> save me a slice of cake!
iiiiiiiiii am watching you peeeeeeeeeeee ~~~~~ love 3333^_____^
nothing like sleeping in a car and waking up to the smell of cow poop
i hate ants!
must look for new things to do
omfg i can't find my math notebook
i love it when i have crazy dreams
in n out
the first rain after awhile is so nice
i hope i'm wrong but i think that someone stole my ti-89
what are some good sandwich condiments?
it never came
do all my close friends play instruments?
i'm losing my will to work!!!!
i'm so spoiled!!
you left your box!
i found some crumbs
you shall all fall!! ich will spielen!!!!!!!!!!!!!
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh
yay first day of december
