696
75e98b37ba7021fad48973d5a54006c5
18
-
need mw cell phones
need energy pack
electrolite high   fun
slumber party for my nephew d 
nasty 18 hr  germ on sunday with no after affects or system setback    diagnoisis  it's just <propfirst> again   wierd right
conserving energy for a big week of productivity   if i can?
very wierd right now
took time out from tech willpower strained
back to my normal today   yay!
struck by a <propmale> the cat monday; productivity tuesday?
why dont all my friends who are on line apear in chat?
passed check for swine flue   it fears me
home safe and sound from cullan bash 09
clean slate for fall term
will spend the weekend doing? ideas my friends?
tuesday on track
monday ok    the  weeek?????
doctors lifted fencing ban   yay now i can spar and teach
thurday hope for a productive weekend
19 item to do list for extended plan outlined   now to start
needs a life coach
will try for a productive week   if i can
productive day but still dissapointed my last few posts didn't get more reaction
feels all americans have a right to sense of humor if you do not have a sences of humor i will appoint one free of charge
is mindless today
is back to my normal and working on time management
"is glad to have been raised with a repect for civility and good manners   also, sad it is not the same for evreryone   even in the house "
weekend was shot but monday is great as i get out of my hermatige
is high on electrolites tonight
"tell you what   let me run healthcare, education & the economy  and we will all sleep well"
over slept until 11:50 day a waste shame on me 
working out mentaly
planning    
need a change of scene         now!
productivity 10%
electrolite overload or fri   will vedge this weekend
what happened to the main <propfemale> feed?
changed to fall wardrobe knew my scene was getting colder
is on the jazz!
why doen't chat show all my logged in friends?
spent the weekend viewing the coverage of the late sen  kenedy
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
no retreat    no surrender
what should i be for hw?  need input 
cleaning my cave for winter hybernation
please discribe me in 10 words or less   no joke
brain on overdrive can't sleep
is working on her cv and trying to find a free party room in omaha for a honor society function input for both welcome please
slow day today but a great week overall
new haircut   i am human again
"if you have a <propmale>, post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status - you'll be surprised what people remember about you  "
needs a personal <propmale> domo
new week new adventure
"is looking for creative, leagal, reliable means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund   ideas please?"
"is looking for creative, leagal, reliable (scam free) means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund  serious input needed please?"
will be the 21st century <propfirst> d  come allong for the ride
my computer needs dialsys
new profile pic is on my ooo shiny list
thinks humans get jipped by lacking the ability to hybernate
verify your accounts friends or poof your gone!
holiday too soon i need more time
too cold here
is not the successfull holiday sneek she once was 
is being eaten by a shark
happy thanksgiving to all!
night is day and day is night sleep upsidedown
lets see how honest fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    wonder if i have 20 brave friendsabout
the process for new year resolution planning is now open for submissions   please let me know what improvements you would like me to make   thank you  t 
just got out of  a 28+ hour i v  electroliete fluid replacement stay happy 2010   oh and i hate cold weather  and viruses
2010 my year 40 + 40 just resolution 1 need 9 more
useing the snowtime to plan 2010
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer?   dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)32 minutes ago"
<propfemale> christmas everyone---party at my place if you can excivate your way here
excited for family wedding this weekend
has outdated computer data and photo files that won't open or are listded as type unknown needs to poen and update them any ideas?
yet another <propmale> at productivity
dislikes the fact that typing too fast makes her look like she doesn't know how to spell or communicate like a fool
i jumped on <propmale> <propmale> in your bathroom because big bird said to and he's my leader 
i just saw yes man the movie    anyone want to try the 24 hour yes challange with me?
"""for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known """
keep your friends close and your enemies closer    also buy a big house to have enough room for them all
"""truth will out"" ~ unknown or at least i don't remember the author of this"
is going to find out who hyjacked her account and will follow the governments policy on hyjackers to the letter
stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose in your own life
if the job is not fun    why do it?
has outdated computer data and photo files that won't open or are listded as type unknown needs to poen and update them any ideas?
can't wait for december 2012   go myans!
doppelgänger ideas please
is in a rutt
packing up facebook in storage for lent see you all in 40 days or so 
everyone on my holiday list gets a cup of snow    enjoy
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than those that do not  if you support our troops, please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose and which is the higher value set
need more motivation and self-disipline
"there is no ""good time"" there is only now!"
"will be free and back on the streets by  dark   some out patient follow up, but that's just another day  of being me, thanks to all for all the prayers, cards visits, and well wishes "
"home day 3 ""a"" ok, weekend looking good, next week packed will follow up appointments, good time to read some  books "
"a normal person has 1000 wishes  a soldier sailor only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please re-post in their honor "
is not invulnerable just indestructable
"went to ""the kings speach"" with my m&d & <propfemale>, great movie, on the way out realized grandma <propfemale> and great grandma boes hear the real thing live   remarkable!"
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone, a bigger house  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer entirely  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, please post this for at least one hour"
another day at the home   oops i mean at home
is signing off for lent see you in 40+ email or call me (see my info <propfemale> for #)
i have returned!
can it rain only on the plant life and farm land please?
real question: how do you keep organized & stay on track?
what to do this weekend?
retiring from fb games
is about to go nuke!
back working and will continue to work even after my brain is in my new jar 
remember how to think not what to think
"catching up on fb if i have not posted to you yet don't worry i am just thinking of somthing worthy to say  feel free however to give me ideas of what you want me to say        yes i am in a focused mood, thanks for asking"
i have accepted i type as fast as i think and make keyboard mistakes- now the world can be at peace knowing i am not devolving as a user of the english language
how does one keep organized and on task with a heavy & dirverse load in life   need tips and systems  also a technology tutor (no joke)
annother year not dead is a good one   yay me!
happy 71 dad
"back at cpacs , too much work to mess with white coats"
gravity bad!   make it go away or at least optional
is ready to fill her social calender for those times under 90 degree heat   who's first?  please don't push i have  many times open   book yours  soon 
wants to start a think tank who's in ( for real)
saw green lantern with <propfemale> cullan altenhofen & <propmale>
"evil wins when ""the good"" do nothing!"
was attacked by her sisters car alarm   near hart attack
"yes i have a lot of posts very sorry but i am working out a mood  online instead of the real world, i don't mean to abuse fb"
"oops answered too many polls and got blocked sorry , i just lost track"
"time for a new constitutional convention, i would love to attend "
forcing a hous-wide clean  up by making a big mess
"the ""joker chair"" feel great and runs like a dream   pictures to come"
saw batman begins for the 8th time  coolest movie 
"needs to find a talent and a direction in life   please advise, thank you"
"some people go around making a mess and wrecking things, unaware of their surroundings and the fact that other people are affected by their actions , but  they choose not to see or care about the chaos they make"
"getting a vascular port on thursday   also i hope, some happy meds"
tomorrow i begin to be one with the  borg!  i look forward to assimilating the colony to my way of doing things
the port is in and all is well
first use of port successful painkillers good to me 
is stiff and sore but alive for a monday
what would you list as my talents?
"luck changing, found working headphones in a box, no need for ear buds that hurt"
is a slothful bum
"respect what does one need to do to get it?  real respect not just  admiration and well wishes, fans, good feeling etc "
hibernating now
staying up to see the sunrise
<propmale> is off to texas with his grown ups
"""our nation demands much from its military, and the retirement benefits in place are not gifts  they have been earned through blood, sweat, toil, repeated deployments, missed births, birthdays, anniversaries and sometimes loss of limbs or life  shifting the burden of our nation’s fiscal mess on to the backs of our military-less than one percent of our population who volunteer for decades of service in harm’s way defending our way of life- is morally bankrupt ""-gen sullivan"
needs a new mentor and a new dr watson
"needs to be warmer, turning into an old weather  carank"
"""24"" go bye bye??  boo!"
today is a drag tomorrow will go better
"there is no honor in taking one's own life it is the last selfish  sinful violence of cowards true valor is facing life as it is, not making it into an illness "
"god, family, pals, the rest of the omniverse!"
supports a gravity optional legislation
does anyone remember the name of the old guru or hippy on the halmark cards at the same time as <propfemale>?  i can't find him anywhere he was cool 
some daemon is messing with my wheelchair order   time for devine intervention 
"need a productive week ; odds 12,342,156 to 1"
"i am still in need of a tech overhaul and education, as well as a person good with mechanical things"
i have met my goal and proven i am not a tech adict
let's see who is paying attention   every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family! let's see who is on my friends list actually pays attention  copy and post this on your status  i will be watching to see!!!
"a soldier or a veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to 'the united states of <propfemale>', for an amount 'up to, and including their life'  that is honor, and there are way too many people in this country today, who no longer understand that fact! copy and paste this if    you are thankful for your freedom"
"is ""lie to me"" still on tv?"
is on the proverbial limb with a chain saw    doing a <propfirst> think   pray for me
bracing for storms
i am in severe need of a 21st century tutor for tech etc 
pc or <propmale>?  vote now for what i go with
need to get my bio chem stats  sleep patern steady again
what's next?
in my inbox   tell me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between you and me  post this as you status and see what people say!  smile 
still operating according to factory specs
"if you don't know       as of today, facebook will automatically start plunging the earth into the sun  to change this option, go to settings --> planetary settings --> trajectory then un-click the box that says 'apocalypse ' facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all to see "
<propmale> for meltdown by tuesday 98 7%
happy new year   now pass the tums so i can go to bed and forget this year ever took place 
am i just not funny or have i out stayed my fb welcome ?
"those who passively stand and watch the train of injustice, cruelty and tyranny go by should be dragged behind it"
just realized i am the onlytracey m cullan  alive in nebraska   i am an endagered life form facing extinction in the next 100 years   help me 
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you  "
still looking for a new mentor and a new dr watson
needs focus
"serious pole based on my hero v  villian quiz result   my status has been challenged by some on fb  so dear friends, what % oggd or evil am i ? vote now results will be compiled and the peer review answer will be posted by monday noon"
to clean or burn it all    that is my internal debate
mulberry <propfirst> on pbs net kicked off for unl volyball boo!
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon characters is actually a group of pedophiles  they're doing it because kids will except their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with being against child violence  it was on that show that warns you about internet fraud and   tonights news
yay i am an offical spinster
"says stuff the red tape, i am building my new ride from scratch the way i want it! who is with me?"
"is deleting her image online due to securtiy  and safety issues please honor this requestthank you"
never again
i have strep toe bully hoozah for me
"favorite super power - hell fire   them  relive each and every bit of pain and sorrow they have inflicted upon the innocent "
"fathers day was good   dad is recoveing slowly with 3-4 weeks left   strong progress, but needs distraction from hospital  "
"being a godparent to  children was my choice  i will give up things and go without to provide for   pity some parents choose to give up on their children and never go without  copy and paste this if your a proud parent, godparent or grandparent who will always put the child first and not last!!"
"interesting weekend: dad retired- check, party -check, food-too much, clean house recluttered- check   now for the summer?????"
building  my escape rocket for when the idealogical zealots blow up the earth
dad had a modorate stroke a week ago yesturday   he is stable and starting rehab   he will be there 3-5 weeks
is mornning the departing of her long time friend and confidant msr  <propfirst> j  gass formerly of ctk 
"dad is making good progress, boredom is setting in for him    i have run out of news and bad jokes "
dealing with a minor difficulty but after that this year will rock for me
"dad's day 1 was a  a-  grade   the social part of retirement will determine the gpa if the call and visit load is high then i e playful ect a 4 0 recovery"
dad home tuesday!  let the parties begin!
"to all of the hang-ups in life, big deal"
in a rut
is a bum and a leech on society
is too healthy for a new wheelchair      seriously?
two hours and seven yaers ago my life changed drasticly   what happened?
"attention: duchesne class of 1989i am thinking of starting a class ""book club"" or some type of social group for those of us living in or near the omaha area   the structure and meetings tba   reply to this if you are in    thanks"
is thinking of starting a conglomorate
"chareen jenson <propfirst> - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for ""darkhorse"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see on everyone's wall! for about a minute, pray for all of our troops "
saved two computers form a lockout virus
"why do people who ""know me"" contionue to think i am not messing with them my humor has never changed yet they think i am serious"
homelessgo without food  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits promised to them!!! yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first! 1% will re-post
happy thanksgiving
am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all still fighting!
is going to vote for the life-long re-institutionalization of those who pose a danger to self & others   pills don't stop violence
i need a 3d full body scan and a brain transplant who want's to do them?
what's next?
looking  for things to do now that my best <propmale> is off on his next adventure
"after a great day with friends at fr  corapi's talk i came home to see mt  dangerous, omaha's first volcano erupt in our kitchen   life is cool"
i get the prohibition of cruel treatment of criminals but why include unusual?  the progress of society requires innovation   why should we fear what is new?
"happily avoiding ""the big game"""
is not uneducated she just types to fast 
"one cool weekend , starting a social life   get your callender spot while they are free"
is there a people on this earth that doesn't have political turrets syndrome?   why is history so quickly forgotten?
"has an intense dislike for public crowds with screaming children,  parents of these should be jailed as the cause of this distebing the peace, child abuce neglect and inciting me to riot   thought i would be a human volcano today   boom,  lava and ash for miles    yse stressful day "
wow that was fast the chair is back on track   for now
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you ?"
is full of <propfemale> coke and introspection 
is tired of her  medical only social life   help wanted
"is tarting a think tank  who's with me?   for real "
thinking of joining a convent   what do you think?
"i went to take my meds in my pill box and i said i had to exit the room to take my drugs and <propmale> shouted at me ""no drugs are bad!"" so i asked if i could take my medicine from my doctor and he said that was ok, but only bad people take drugs i am such a proud aunt "
what are my bankable talents?
happy christmas! may we all be as happy and fb additcted this time next year 
paging dr  <propmale>  house  your equal patient is in omaha  the game is on!
great pizza and pazaz with uncle <propfirst> and aunt <propfemale>
"urgent notice!i picked up government issue template wheelchair today i need all mechanically inclined friends for skunkworks porject to make it useable much less it passable to take out in public"
"i will see if m & d can take nephew to lunch out so we can visit  is jl in?als saw <propfemale> we need to get the uno group together before the snow"
"everyperson has 1000's of wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it"
"""at the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for ""darkhorse"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see it on     everyone's    wall"
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants--to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least one hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation--until you're faced with it "
et's see how creative you are   leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name   it can only be 1 word  then copy & paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word & not copy   that's no fun!
"is in methodist hospital with slight case of cellulites (infected cut)  not a big threat kidney is safe and the drugs to kill the germ must be i v  with blood lab checks   out between 4 days to a week ball park   call my cell email or call my home for visiting protocols or any questions  no fever or pain all labs stable    boredom e playful ected in 36 hours  love,t "
needs social life and spring  or will have catastrophic issues with a  groundhog named phill
"cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately  thankfully, i have some of the best cousins in the world! ? call  or visit me cousins- soon"
"every christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought  well this is what i want  i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured  i want children with no families to be adopted  i want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat  now, lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-post"
"there is a reason american ""football"" is not an olympic quality sport     go fencing & academics!"
"is now accepting new years resolutions to be enacted, please be specific   thank you "
needs any ideas for a 2011 resolution    please!
"busy day, lots of good visits this weekend   also, after all the blood i have given to the white coats to test they finally gave some back    this proves that it is possible to pay down a over-size debt a little at a time lol"
"quiet night, legs getting fatter, still uneventful and stable "
"after the upcoming blizzard i will relaunch my social life, get your spots while their hot"
happy valentines and many thanks to all
