19
9f4e1668b6f0b03c3cc60961b38c4769
24
-
in <propfirst>... anime convention is in two weeks!!!
eew... school tomorrow
yay!!!!!!!!!!
woohoo!!
"""so <propfemale> have you made any new friends here?"" mr miller asks.""yes"" ""good, but don't worry i'll be your friend."" haha  smile  i've the coolest teachers!"
i miss my lover  playful 
ah... tamales and canela! what more can you ask for?  smile 
wow. just spent my whole day at the <propmale> mar fair. it was amazing! i made a new friend haha  laugh 
haha you guys i'm not gay  laugh 
you know i'm not that bad of a drawer  smile 
great day great day  smile 
"ah, the first time i read absolute boyfriend i cried at the end and an hour afterwards. i fell asleep at 6 in the morning and for the rest of the day my eyes were red.   laugh  pathetic haha"
gosh i hate that 3 o'clock novela  playful 
willst du lieben mich lernen? ist das recht?  annoyed 
yess! on my way to <propfirst>! thank goodness i'm visiting! ^.^
lalelu...  hahaha... i'm bored now.  annoyed 
"feel the grass gods wrath!  smile  oh and teachers, beware of vengeful trees!  laugh "
"bahaha! the back of my hair was teased and the front was spiked up but it fell during lunch.  sad  i was sad... on the upside,  my hair is growing like crazy now!  smile "
sigh u can definitely feel the tensión in the air > sad  muahahaha not cool at all....
it seems i'm very old-fashioned. why have i not noticed that before?
<propfemale> how do you say 'castigarme'   in spanish?
school has me tired already. we need a break soon.  smile 
loving god: it's as simple as that!  love 
you guys should like text me! i'd definitely love you forever! it's gonna be a long trip...  laugh 
man!! wish i was in cali!  smile 
"oh dear... not again  annoyed teehee! ya nos vamos '<propfemale> tras! extrahno muchisimo a mi mami!  smile "
well gee that failed miserably. never mind mariana sad  sigh...
happy new years you guys! ^.^ hope this year is a good one!  smile 
hmmmm.... love  ich liebe dich!!!!   love 
<propfemale> mas quiero que me digas que me quieres... love 
aw crap i just lost my phone. sigh...
teehee! <propfirst> is nice!  smile 
tea party in physics klasse tomorrow! ohh... i'm so excited. can't wait!!  laugh  most of the class will be dressing up haha.  smile 
si no tengo ke limpiar mi recamara no lo voy a ser!!!!!  > smile 
i really really hate this weather. eew!
teehee. people are nice  smile 
i am...  annoyed 
yesterday was a pretty awesome day; i met this really great 65 year old. x) and when he was up on stage he started talking about me!! it was amazing!! then some guy gave me his number. it was awkward  laugh  all in all great day  smile  glad to be back!
yay!! feliz <propfemale> de las madres! diganle a sus madres que <propfemale> quieren!  laugh 
ich liebe dich!!!  love  can't wait to see you!
"damn, i knew it was too good to be true. once again i relearn the moral of the story of my life: don't get your hopes too high up; your dad tends to mess it all up.  crying  be in cali june 12!!! better late then never guess then."
"omg! o.oi keep dreaming about him... not cool"
"oh sweet! only a few more days before <propmale> and i (and elliet) become crossdressers for the big plan!  laugh  hehe, gosh i missed talking to ya, uncle dilly!  laugh "
even fairytale characters would be jealous.  smile 
"haha my ignominious father is taking a hike!!!  laugh  once again, i have seen the future before it happened! gotta love that mexican wise woman blood in me!  laugh "
"is it just me or is it superly cold? argh? bre had it right. i am going crazy lol. upside is i gets to see <propmale> elliet izzy, and librado in like a week! cali here i come! (again)"
97 on my physics test. 88 on that stupid essay.  smile  eh i ish happy  smile 
so... who else is watching the soccer game?
"lo que me encanta mas de mi familia de parte de mi mother es que tenemos poderes especiales!  smile  no miento de veris pero yo si se cuando me mienten a mi  smile  que chido <propfemale> eso? ah estoy feliz! i cut my hair and now i'm gonna get it dyed blue,... how about another piercing?  wink  whatcha think?"
dhshs choir students! hope you have a great choir concert!  smile  sing your hearts out loves!!!
"oh boy oh boy oh boy! physics klasse gets to meet mrs. powell tomorrow!  smile  hot chocolate, christmas caroling, and cookies.  smile  joy!  laugh "
wish so many things and  wonder if they'll ever come true? i guess the beauty of it all is knowing there's always hope. always.
there's such a sad love deep in your eyes a kind of pale <propfirst> open and closed within your eyes...- the labyrinth  love 
oh dear goodness! how ironic! that was a weird dream... hope that never happens.  playful 
"woah, i don't remember the hill being so steep!  laugh  ah well, at least i got to see my awesome math teacher, mr. eicher! its been a while. 5 years?"
blah blah blah. all i wanted to do was play soccer! t.t
you guys i dreamt in french today! it was awesome! i believe that means i am more fluent in that language than before! teehee
ah... <propfirst> is amazing. i love it smile 
i've a huge sunburn from yesterday!  laugh 
blah blah blah. all i wanted to do was play soccer today! t.t
ha! i found <propmale>'s address in my french book!  smile 
haha <propfemale> espanha!!! in your face holland!  playful 
ish home now.  smile 
"ah, cali how i missed thee... its good to be here!"
disney movies are the best!  smile 
<propfirst> is nice.  smile  haha
ooh! church was great!  smile  deysi  was amazing!  but now i have to work on that stupid essay.  playful 
"there's such a sad love deep in your eyes. a kind of pale <propfirst>, open and closed within your eyes.- the labyrinth  smile "
going to sofie's house soon! it's <propfirst>'s b-day   smile 
hahaha  laugh 
im not liking st <propfirst>  playful 
hmm... so jessy's gonna be here next week. i'll definitely be seeing him.  smile 
hey uncle manny guess what!? i read a book and didn't cry!  laugh  haha aren't you proud?  laugh 
"is going to dye my hair purple...wish me luck!  smile "
everyday i wonder... how you're doing. i can't wait to go back.  annoyed 
i've got a seriously messed up imagination.  playful 
"so in ap english 11, we took an average ap test on the <propfemale> letter; only 5 people passed -.-"
"at the rate my mother is driving, i should be in <propfirst> in about an hour...  smile "
ha!  laugh  my haircut makes me look like a boy  surprise 
dimitry <propmale> is so pretty!  laugh 
i've some silly teachers!  smile 
going to school today.  annoyed  class is studying for first ap us history test.
i miss the desert.
"thursday tea party was simply divine. we conversed in fake accents. we dressed up. personally, i loved bryson's mustache. his accent changed from <propmale> new money man to cowboy according to his mustache.  annoyed  we really should do that again. perhaps next week? when mrs. powell comes and sings christmas carols in french, spanish, and russian?  laugh "
i feel like a little kid...  smile 
do not pick up hitchhikers. prison nearby. o.o wow haha.  laugh 
"i wonder why mr. powell always says ""have a good weekend!"" after we tell him goodbye... hmmm...?"
school tomorrow...
so i guess its been a twilight weekend.  smile 
"today, <propfemale>'s little brother styled my hair at school.  laugh . but why doesn't anybody believe me when i tell them i'm gay?  laugh  haha."
lalalaland. i most definitely live in lalalaland.  smile 
 smile  what a great day!
yay!! 6oing to texas for the weekend! smile  see ya later smile 
"""and that was the last time i got a c in school. till i got to high school. then thus loud mouth that sat behind me in english class made me get a c. but don't worry i got even with her... how? i married her."" ^.^ gah, that's so cute! i've the coolest teachers. seriously"
in texas. going to get a very short haircut later smile 
gah annoyed  stupid friday... oh well at least today i get to kill super mutants today! muahaha!  smile 
aahahaha! the clumsy mage! ^.^
my dog is <propfemale> pregnant.  playful 
"haha mr powell!  laugh  ""so what do you wanna be when you grow up <propfirst>?"" ...""i want to be a firetruck!"" hahaha!"
ihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihatemovibgihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihatemovingihtemovingihatemovingihatemoving. do i want to move?  annoyed 
yes! 3 day weekend!  smile 
es ist mittwoch... thank goodness for the middle of the week!  playful 
"here's to my best friend, elliet rizzo! i hope you have an amazing birthday!  smile  you're the best and i miss you soooo much!"
ugh... i ish tired annoyed  but <propfirst> is so pretty. maybe it wouldn't be so bad...
"i'm babysitting the dogs, so <propfemale> doesn't get pregnant. what fun.  annoyed "
my dog had five babies.  smile 
teehee! ^.^ it is a pretty day  smile 
sooo... do i look like a vampire? o.o
it's easy getting lost in dreamland.
"why is it taking so long!? ughh ugh ugh.  annoyed "
back in mississippi. uh...
"<propfemale>, princesa de hielo!  smile "
cuando me enamoro- <propmale> iglesias  smile 
"the grass gods! their wrath! nooo! i'm going to die! t.t ... dude, i was jk. i was acting haha.  annoyed "
warm and fuzzy inside!  laugh 
oh dear...  annoyed 
darn. i almost slaughtered that fat pig!  laugh 
"j'aime parler avec mon <propfemale>, <propmale>. il fait bon <propfemale> jour.  smile  je t'aime <propmale> trollope! i knew you were gonna be famous!  laugh "
cruising down memory <propfirst>. it seems my 5 year old mind decided to warp reality even then  smile  ah well... at least i was happy.
buahaha! going to the mall with poulet later today.  smile 
yay! round of applause!  laugh 
aww man. that was seriously the sweetest thing ever! i definitely cried tears of joy and amazement. ^.^
making flan for church tomorrow!  smile  it's gonna be great! ^.^
it's so cold.  playful 
 smile 
have a good weekend! ^.^
i would like to have a traditional mexican dress.  smile 
the coffee <propmale>.  smile 
<propfemale>... how goes it?  smile 
i  love  butterflies!  smile 
