86
49ce6d817f587b0e45d6089d25e555b6
14
-
damned tired...and completely stuck for the name of the song that was playing on the cd on the way home
"i am lost in a problem largely of my own making playful ancakes, bacon, egg and coffee may not be the solution but at least they will make a damned nice breakfast  smile "
"hmm, ""its a wonderful life"" is on at the belmont tommorow.  maybe that can raise some christmas cheer (something has to work)  smile "
"hmm and now some semisonic... then i think a detour for some <propfirst> chapman who is talking about a revolution, with the strokes winding down the night...  3 cd's in the changer and a decent book to read...  should be nicely chilled out by the time i turn out the lights  smile "
good morning!!!  and what a great morning it is  smile 
good morning world  smile 
"good morning one and all  smile time to head out for a run."
"seems like a wet morning...sleep on if i can, or get out there regardless?arg, i can always sleep later."
"today seems to be a day for procrastination (spell check please), and i think i will leave the cinema till tommorow...i may do some reading instead."
"too wet...too stormy...will allow my legs a rest this morning...maybe run later.i miss coffee.  i really do."
good morning!  no excuses today: time for a run.
half way...now i just have to make it back to the car  smile 
"‘i am just going outside and may be some time.’the others nod, pretending not to know.at the heart of the ridiculous, the sublime.he leaves them reading and begins to climb,goading his ghost into the howling snow;he is just going outside and may be some time.the tent recedes beneath its crust of rimeand frostbite is replaced by vertigo:at the heart of the ridiculous, the sublime.(continued in comments)"
"sleep: such a pleasant companion, but where is it now?if i am to be a fool, i shall be happy in my foolishness...or something like that   smile "
"had a strange dream...every time i closed my eyes i was back in it.i was in the croft i lived in after we moved to aberdeen.  it wasn't raining outside, but for some reason there was water coming in through the doors: the walls were running with water, and water was pouring in through the ceiling coming from god knows where.  in the dream i was worried, e playful ecting that the roof was going to collapse at any moment."
morning all
so very bored right now.
well...................shit...................
"am i a damned idiot?cant sleep.  questions <propmale> each other around my mind every time i close my damned eyes,"
"snow!  what the hell else do i need to say, except ""fuck yeah!"""
"what can i say but good morning?  smile it looks damned freezing out there: my car has turned white.  i guess i will find out for myself in about 20 minutes."
"an e playful ensive week:  400 for the mot, and this morning another 1-200 to tax it so i can actually use it."
"lol, my alarm just went off...talk about wishful thinking  smile "
"watching p,t.written by <propfirst> shepard...a man who was great in that long, but great movie, ""the right stuff""."
good morning.
"finally going on my disertation reading.  i will be familiar with one of the books by the end of the weekend.few hours in the library today were actually productive...what the hell...gonna shoot for a 20  smile "
good morning!
"now showing:  francois truffaut's ""the 400 blows""."
"hmm, to go and see ""<propfirst>"" at the beach at 1 smile 0, or just study a couple of hours then head home...arg, am i really in the mood for the cinema today?who would ever have e playful ected to hear those words come from these lips (and by lips, i of course mean fingers)?"
"would normally get up for a run, but not this morning...will try and get a little more sleep instead.managed a decent dream at least.  i could wish that it proved to be prophetic."
"i am a sucker for ""in good company""...anyway time for sleep.tired."
good morning all
"just finished watching ""the right stuff"".  the film is just as great now as it always has been.ohh, what i would not give to e playful erience a flight in space."
"i can be incredibly slow...i read something earlier in the week and i only just clicked to the probable meaning of it...potentialy very annoying.sometimes i hate the way my mind works."
"my niece, her bf and her 6 month old daughter are staying the night...it had not even occured to me until they arrived that i am a great-uncle...several large glasses of rum later...i may be a little tipsy."
"just finished watching ""its a wonderful life"".once again it picked me up.  so many great moments in that movie (the scene just before the death of his father being one of them), but when the end arrives and everyone shows up to help george...thats a world i want to live in."
"was considering the cinema, but not a great choice just now and i am not in the mood at all.maybe go home and get out on the bike...i cant sit still these days..."
i need to get my ass in gear...its one of those days.
"there is a war between instinct and reason...i need to go get a large americano."
"twins: i know it's not a great movie, but godamn, its such a fun movie  smile "
"sky looks clear...hopefully it will remain that way for the morning...will not object to a relaxing view when the run is finished.odd dream last night...just popped into my mind...the details are fuzzy, but i remember (i think) asking a question and being shocked by the answer...not sure who i asked, or what i asked them...its the shock that woke me up.  odd like i said."
"i am not going to, but i really need to reinstall the operating system on my laptop...its been having all sorts of problems with the internet lately.i dont think facebook chat works with it iether...i cant think of one occasion where someone has responded to a chat attempt while i am on the laptop...hmm, if anyone has ever attempted chat with me and got no response, then it is definite that the laptop has an issue."
"there is a war...i keep returning to that...although today the song which keeps running through my mind today is ""have you ever seen the rain""."
"made the mistake of watching chocolat...not a good fit at all tonight...on the other hand though, every time i watch that film i want nothing more than to taste that hot chocolate...i need to find out where in the world you get hot chocolate like that so i can arrange a holiday in order to test it."
tired: cant sleep...
"managed some sleep; frequently broken but it adds up i guess.had one strange dream...i cant remember specifics now, but it was like some sort of crime/thriller movie, full of strange faces...and in the dream, myself and someone else were attacked for some reason, and it just got freaky after that.the mind can create some really strange stories."
"to get up, or not to get up...that is the question..."
"a busy morning ahead...probably an extremely unpleasant start to the day considering the company i will be in.never mind: good laugh to be had tonight with a friend."
"really lucid dream the other night.  it was at once happy (in a way), hopeful about the future, and yet there were problems ahead which suggested future pain...in the dream there was acceptance of the possibilities; they would be dealt with when they arrived, but for the moment at least, life was as it should be.it was so clear...so real...and yet so unreal."
"will i sleep until my alarm wakes me?  i guess only time will tell...6 smile 0am wake up, so what time will i actually awaken?  anyone wanna make a bet?  smile "
arg...must move the laptop to the only available plug and thereby risk losing the internet connection...i may end up studying without music for a bit  sad 
"for tonight, a haiku from the 1800's.""walking along the riverwith no bridge to cross--the day is long"""
"little sleep to be had last night, but at least it forced me to get my off my ass and go for a run this morning...now to get something to eat, a coffee and a shower and then i can go study; a lot of reading to be done.on an unrelated topic, a fitting haiku for the day:""joyful at nighttranquil during the day--spring rain"""
"for some wierd reason, i can no longer connect to the wireless network on my laptop...and the coffee machine has no cups left...head home soon...dying of thirst  sad "
"when i did manage to sleep last night, i had such a pleasant dream...it has almost faded now, but it was (i think) a perfect dream...a pity reality refuses to live up to it  sad "
need sleep.  cant stop the wheels from turning.
"one down...time for ""stranger than fiction"", one of the only will ferrell movies in which he does not actually annoy the hell out of me  smile "
"about flight:""more than anything else the sensation is one of perfect peace mingled with an excitement that strains every nerve to the utmost, if you can conceive of such a combination.""— <propmale> wrightcouldnt say it better myself."
"wow, today is off to a really good start.  nice morning run at the beach, then i arrive home just as the postman arrives with thd dvd of springsteen at hyde park last year...on with the surround sound, and time to grill some bacon  smile "
jogging the length of the beach and back again at 7am.  i believe i will make this a regular thing (on the weekends at least).  its a nice peaceful way to start the day.  smile 
"was pleasantly surprised by the movie ""the mechanic""."
tonights movie:  the thin red line.  simply an excellent movie.
"arg, missed an arcade fire concert that was on mtv.  caught the last 5 minutes of it.need to get tickets to see them at some point."
"to wrap up the day, a personal favorite is required.  perhaps not a christmas movie as such, but who can say no to ""grosse pointe blank""  smile "
good morning.  anyone else up for a run? heh  smile 
"<propfemale> christmas all!make it a good one  smile "
"how to reward myself for a good morning run???why, with bacon, pancakes and egg...thats how  smile "
battlestar galactica series 4...i forgot how damned intense it was  smile 
"and he said ""wednesday shall be my day of rest"", and it was so."
guilty pleasures...audrey hepburn in breakfast at tiffany's...never fails to improve the mood
happy new year to all  smile 
"wow, one odd dream after another and little sleep in between...the mind is an odd place at times.  may as well get up and go out for my run...the weather sounds nice and <propfemale>  smile "
forgot how great do wah diddy diddy was:  some songs are just made to cheer a person up  smile 
"well, i have wondered for a while how long it would take me to get from centre to bucksburn on foot....turns out its around 40 minutes...i need a shower  smile "
"finally making time to rewatch ""twilight samurai"".  have it running on the desk top and it does not sound healthy at all.  the dvd drive sounds like a sick goat (not that i am sure what a sick goat sounds like).  fingers crossed it lasts the night cause i cant sleep and cant be assed getting out of bed, so the pc shall be my home theatre for the night...what to watch next though, that is the question..."
"hah, i have it;  ""the runner"", by kings of <propfirst>.  could not remember the name of the track for the life of me  smile "
http annoyed /www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn8spswogn0
running late but what the hell...looks like being a nice morning  smile 
