136
f3737f450e99f912f9694f552eac03c2
21
-
has never walked for so long in such heavy rain and been so amazingly drenched    not to mention the two guys who walked in on me changing with beer in their hands   
is trying to get motivated
transformers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
must    do    something    fun   
it could happen to you
the bad news is time flies  the good news is you're the pilot 
 love  thank you so much everyone!  love 
is bummed out
can't stand it
"oh, the anticipation   "
"ok- no computer, basically no cell phone    call my house if you're just dying to talk to me   "
doesn't have a computer right now so call text me if you need me
first day on the job
mmm    blueberries
is in new york till friday
is almost home
is beat
loves <propmale> brown!
misses sumayyah  sad 
had lots of fun today  laugh 
the guild!
the lord is too good to me!
holy guacomole!
lord have mercy
 smile 
only in dreams
good grief
ain't nothing like the real thing
it's official!
looking out the corner of my eyei can see that the sunshine will e playful lodefar across the desert in the sky
these smiling eyes are just a mirror for the sun
"new york, new york! what a wonderful town!"
today's gonna be a great day!
wishes new york lasted longer
great job   
is extremely nervous about this resume and that other thing
is going home today!!!!!!
wow this is hard
is home on wednesday!!!!!!  laugh 
internet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh      now i need a real computer and a phone
<propfirst> swayze died?!?!
is lovin chestertown
had a lovely weekend with some wonderful people  wink 
crap!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!! got a cellphone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally got some books from the library!
   needs crutches   
"is studying outside on this, gorgeous, gorgeous day!"
these poetry revisions are making my eyes cross!
how did my id card get under my frig????
good grief
hoo i'm feelin it!
   oh my   
work pranks   
likes learning psychology from a pirate
loves halloween parties!!!
needs inspiration
has the best mom in the world!!!!
got 13 hours of sleep last night!  laugh 
 love s psych
cant wait till 2 smile 0 tomorrow
"lord have mercy, i made it through power hour "
   is writing a love sonnet   
never ever ever ever     
has the same alarm clock as <propfirst> petrelli!!
must find her id card    
don't let the days go by
can't wait for tuesday!!!
mmmm mmmm blueberry crisp!!!!!
every blessing you pour out i turn back to praise you!
might be a <propmale> sick     annoyed 
let the sun shine in
come see the fakespeare performance tonight @ 6 in the <propfirst> <propfirst> theater!!
might be pulling my first college all-nighter
i could be nothing said the waves to the sand i could be nothing without you
snow!!!
!!! everyone come see the directing scenes tomorrow at 1 !!!!  laugh 
let me out and let me in
anyone wanna go to walgreens??
must    write    poems x 
"hallejuah! thank you, jesus! i'm home!!!!"
finally caught up on her sleep!!!!!! thank the lord!
i've been locked inside your heart shaped box for weeks
holy guacamole!!!!!!! 10-15 <propfemale> final??! gaaahhhhhhhh
sledding anyone????
can't sleep cuz i'm so excited to go home!!!!
okay    here we go
is done with classes!!
"i was just guessing at <propfirst> and figures pulling the puzzles apart questions of science, science and progress do not speak as loud as my heart"
is tryin to have some fun tonight!!!
why is it that in the mist of all this madness i keep coming up with amazingly fun things to do only to be saddened because i can't do them?  sighs 
needs some ideas
another mysterious cut from work    
is hangin wit da homies
finally played dutch blitz!
"white    also euphoria is the the best, most intense episode of house ever"
has to stop sleeping till noon
is excited to go back to school tomorrow  smile 
is pleasantly surprised to wake up at a reasonable time
good grief
sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures
 wink 
lost!
wants coffee and complete knowledge of psychology   or at least 5 more hours of sleep
accidently ordered the wrong books d:
hears violin music    but from where??
come to the egg tonight at 6pm to watch the superbowl!!
"!!!!!!!!!come see baby with the bathwater thursday, friday, and saturday @ 8pm!!!!!!!!!!!!"
!!!!!!!!!!!!!baby with the bathwater friday & saturday @ 8pm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
come to the super bowl party at 6pm on sunday in the egg!!! (free everything!!)
want a fish?! choose your fish and decorate your tank!
 love  s snow days!
!!!!!! come see death and the maiden tonight @ 8 in tawes theatre !!!!!!
 smile 
is locked in her room until ps breaks down the door
i'm free!!!
cannot believe she is locked out of her room now
 laugh 
"it don't mean a thing, if it ain't got that swing "
shout shout let it all out
had a great jam sesh with <propfirst> mcavoy
is really just writing whatever comes to mind   nevermind coherent arguments
loves adventures  smile 
would like to be asleep by 1 tonight       
"well, it was cool, cool it was just all cool"
sometimes it's best to just accept defeat and sleep
"ra ra rasputin, russia's greatest love machine"
"wild horses couldn't drag me away  wild, wild horses, we'll ride them some day"
and we'll all float on okay  and we'll all float on anyway 
might actually be able to breath this week
finished the video!     even though no one else entered the contest    
"woke running through the list of things i need to do, as usual, and realized there is no list  smile "
god is so good there's no reason not to smile  laugh 
is working on the music video - holla!
is loving the sun
gotta job! thank you jesus!
are you from tennessee? because you're the only ten i see! ahahahahaha
"people call me <propfemale>, but you can call me tonight!      couldn't help myself"
take that!
is back! holla at me!
oh the joy of time organization        
 laugh 
is at work with nothing to do
is so bored
 laugh 
 laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
is back at wac and feeling mighty ill
"is a pirate, aaaarrrg "
mmmm endorphins
and in the daylight i don't pick up my phone cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home
we live on front porches and swing life away
is on the green enjoying the sun all day
good grief
why does even the thought of biology make me incredibly sleepy?
3 2 1 let's jam
come see whose line is it anyway? wac edition tonight @ 8 in the egg!!!
thinks $33 is just fine
thanks for being better gabby <propfirst>  love 
shock me like an electric eel
good grief
good grief
thank god for antibiotics
i've got soul but i'm not a soldier
 smile 
joyeuses pâques!
"today is a perfectly beautiful day to be finished! thank you, lord!!"
est très excitée pour ses amis ce weekend!
is gonna rock iron chef today with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!!!
 smile 
come on everybody won't you party with me now
come see whose line is it anyway? wac edition monday @ 8 in the egg!!!
friday nights are so fun when there's nothing to do but clean and study     
has all her books for next semester thanks to her mad video skillz    too soon?
we're all part of the century
is back on norf side
is so excited for wednesday afternoon
"with your feet in the air and your head on the ground, try this trick and spin it"
word to your mother
has a ukulele! now if i could only find that tuner     
i'm like a chameleon     always a lizard 
is feeling a little wacy
is gonna have a great day  smile 
has a bad habit of absentmindedly walking into other people's rooms
can't believe she left her cell phone at home for the week!!! d8
so many possibilities   
i'm on a boat!
wants to have a batman movie marathon
"there we stand about to fly, peeking down over land, parachute behind"
i know that you're tired of this  cause you're a robot  they designed your life
"wouldn't it be nice if we were older, and we didn't have to wait so long?"
"it's the next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways  it's still rock & roll to me "
i want to hold a mirror up to society and then win world record for biggest mirror 
"dear spaghetti and pizza thief, your kleptomania is becoming an issue  let's have a little chat  be in the kitchen at 5pm "
"27, 28, 29, 100    wait, what?"
thinks she'll buy herself a ukulele with her remaining movie-money     maybe
such a nice day  laugh   laugh 
"don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past, you must fight just to keep them alive"
can't wait for tonight  laugh 
"werewolf bar mitzvah, spooky scary"
we were promised jetpacks was amazing!!!!
"""and possibly unavoidable <propfemale> parts"""
god is so good!
had an absolutely scrumptious evening with <propfemale> <propfirst>  wink 
white water rafting!!!!!!
had a great first day  laugh 
"put another dime in the jukebox, baby"
i find you absolutely ribbiting!
christian bale was the voice of <propfirst> in pocahontas?!!
is glad she's not lutraphobic
is a wee bit bored
"hallelujah! thank you, jesus!"
yay for screens!
yay for sushi night!!
has really sweet friends  smile 
last <propmale> to see the imaginary invalid!! come tonight at 8!
"mmm   homemade applesauce   thanks, mom!  smile "
needs an invisibility cloak
12 hours of sleep and kayaking?? thank god!
"man, i love free laundry"
"tell me something good, tell me, tell me, tell me"
nighttime workout   the perfect solution to boredom!
succès numero deux! voila!
<propfemale> stein is making me go cross-eyed    
needs a freeze <propfirst>
"is glad her mom thinks she has ""cool potential"""
 laugh 
success!  laugh 
loves reimbursements
how long is the present?
the manatee has become the mentor 
"ahahaha i have you now, statistics book!"
   must   study   french   (en francais)
aime <propfemale> so<propfemale>il  laugh 
