42
ffd065ae117992dd40a6e3c12afe0570
15
-
thanks cherry-hope all we;; with you
boo more housework today -how boring
sorry just couldnt resist sending elmo-ben love him when he was very young -have to confess i quite enjoyed sesame street
hurran computer fixed by my friends husband-hope it will last this time
am half watching <propmale> python-its getting rather silly!!!-someone has just been eaten by a blanchmonge
hooray house quiet fot two hours as <propmale> gone kick boxing
been so quiet here-bens at a sleepover-not used to house being so quiet
have had a good day at science museum in london-took <propmale> and his friend <propfirst>
ironing pile reduced from 6ft to 3ft so a little something accomplished
boo my comptuter is not working so am having to come to the library to do this and the library is only open very short hours here in sawtry-still at least its peacefeful especially as <propmale> gone kick boxing
just wondering how much bigger my ironing pile can get!!!
where is panchos
help someone has bought <propmale> antworld for a belated birthday present-he cant wait to go and collect ants at the weekend!!! -may allocate this role to his dad
why must boys fight all the time? its driving me round the bend!!!!!
what a nice quiet house i have at present-ben gone to his friend in yaxley and <propfirst> at stilton-the quietness is very unusual in this house
why dont socks stay in pairs? where do all the odd ones go
<propfirst> watching scuzz channel at 9am this morning-not the most relaxing sound i can think of in the morning-although dont mind greenday
who d have teenagers? just had to collect <propfirst> from next village as he missed last bus home !! and i was watching strictly come dancing!!
<propfirst> listening to metallica-on scizz channel-nice relaxing sound after work!!!!
am off to tidy bens bedroom-see you in about 3 weeks
hurrah <propmale> still in dancing with the stars-not eliminated yet
what  a peaceful evening and <propmale> osmond on dancing withr stars later-
very peaceful here-ben gone for a sleepover at his friends
why is housework so boring? off to ironing-made a bit easier as will listen to <propfirst> o <propmale>
getting better -bens now on a sleepover at friends-cant believe how quiet the house is-jack returning later but he is not as noisy
pity you have to wash up after a nice roast dinner-
hurrah <propmale> in finals-although have to concede <propfemale> the singer is much better
could my son <propmale> get any noisier?
well we have our christmas tree up-but have some some rather strange decorations-gary the snail and pichachu the pokemon-not quite sure what they have to do with christmas
"<propfirst> now having small snack-ht choclate,aero mousse ,galaxy and 4 biscuits"
"have problems with computer at home ,have come down sawtry library and still problems-must be the weather!!"
mr noisy has returned to the north residence-oh well the silence was nice whilr it lasted
huurah <propmale> won dncing with the stars
whats your favourite penguin?question asked by <propmale> this morning at 6 30am-
hurrah <propmale> still in dancing with stars
<propmale> watching animal park-particularly likes the mongoose and wants to know the plural is it mongooses or mongeese-have to say it has never been uppermost in my mind-does anyone know the answer?-..........now poor foggy the llama has to have a hair cut apparently
<propfirst> now listening to bullet for my valentine-what a nice relaxing head banging sound!!!!
very scenic the snow-not so nice driving along the <propfemale> m with lorry drivers nearly at your bumper
white
hurrah computer now fixed-looking forward to seeing everyone next week love <propfemale>
boo c have lots ironing to do -any volunteers
i did the macarena with an ipod in my bathroom because i am not crazy
ok <propmale> wants to know whats the opposite of brown? any ideas
who invented housework? and in particular ironing????
"attention !!!!!!!!! ""please do not"" join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title ""becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life"" this is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos!!!!!! please rotate this post to all your friends on facebook thank you!"
have had a lovely day out with <propmale> and his friends at wicksteed park northamtonshire today-they didnt want the day too end
dont recommend aftertoon mick <propfirst> <propmale> and i have had spent on the grass verge of the m11 as car had broken down
oh why doesnt the ironing do itself!
am just reliving my childhood watching wacky races with <propmale> -<propfemale> pistop won
<propfirst> listening to slipknot-what a nice elaxing sound after hard days work!!1
just watching come dine with me-will pass on the squirrel and ale pie!
hope you are all enjoying the glorious miracle as <propmale> described the snow-sure other people wil have their own definitions!!
sloopypotty doodle
my ironing pile nearly at the ceiling-any volunteers welcome!!!
why does my teenage son think i want his schoolbooks as decoration on the floor of the sitting room?
have decided our cat needs glasses-keeps meeowing at me even when food is in her bowl
hmm watching very strange tv programme with <propmale> called chowder-seems even weirder then spongebob
just looking at my mums birthday card she was born in 1930-making her 80 next week and in 1930 price petrol was 1.5 per litre pint beer 2p(5d) fortnights mediterrean cruise 36 pounds-wages for men 2.86 weekly full time and women 1.40-news at that time the first world cup final uruguay beat <propfemale> 4-2 and the goverment had rejected plans for a tunnel under the english channel
<propfirst> just having little snack about a zillion ryvitas and a chocolate yogurt!!! listening to his very restful music !!!
just watching animal park and marmite the marmoset is being very naughty
just been to see jersey boys with mum and <propfemale> absolutley fabulous
just looking at my mums birthday card she was born in 1930-making her 80 next week and in 1930 price petrol was 1.5 per litre pint beer 2p(5d) fortnights mediterrean cruise 36 pounds-wages for men 2.86 weekly full time and women 1.40-news at that time the first world cup final uruguay beat <propfemale> 4-2 and the goverment had rejected plans for a tunnel under the english channel-------how times change ?
"warning anyone who has gotten a ton offriend suggestions be careful! it is a virus! if you accept them youraccount will send out about 85 to someone else!!! warn your friendsnow!if you get any friend suggestions from me, please ignore them. idid not send them. this is a new virus that is sending requests tospread. do not accept friend suggestions!55 minutes ago · comment ·likeunlike"
sang to a lampost in the frst because the force is strong with me
how nice <propmale> and mick collecting ants for <propmale>s antworld somebody bought him for christmas!
have had jacks teenage friends in all day from 9 30-----and the day continues with some nice heavy rock-what a nice relaxing end to the day!
just seen an add -choose cr-z mode -choose which one you are-anyone have any idea what this means?
oops had a very senior moment the other day-went to tesco and couldnt rememeber at all where i had parked the car -got some very odd looks as went towards other peoples cars and then realised it wasnt mine!
i like it in front of me at all times
enjoyed the dancing in strictly tonight -but felt there was a lot of waffle
apparently the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles.they're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon. nothing to do with supporting ...child violence.its on tonight's news. ...pass this on to everyone.
banana
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour. i know the ones that will!! think of someone you know or love who has had cancer. my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found. will you post it?just for one hour. do it for all !! there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting. i hope to see this . . .in the status of all my friends
i love pickle
have just watched a programmme about lions-apparently they can count!
now watching animal park and <propmale> the ostrich getting rather cross
