200
7e76e4ddfbe08dcffad1c0818f61e84d
11
-
is alive  but not very creative  apparently 
"will be driving, driving, driving   "
"knows that the crazy, giant fly in the bathroom is out to get her   "
says goodnight!
can't believe that she's awake   
wonders what the deal is 
has been grossly irresponsible and unresolved 
is a bit nervous 
wonders if she'll do it   ?
was too slow 
loves (almost) everybody 
looks forward to hot chocolate!
wishes that her internet worked!
wants you to notice 
can't really cook  she was just pretending 
"is locked away, deep in the maze that is the library   "
realizes that she doesn't understand some forms of kindness 
just wanted to write something 
is hungry 
wants to go   
will never go to outer space   
just did battle with a cockroach 
feel secretarial 
"has recently had many close encounters with the police, and is now in hiding "
"says ""woo! work work work!"""
is sick but so happy!
should've slept more 
"has one more point to make in her essay, 12 more pages of derrida to read, a midterm review to start, spanish exercises to do, 3 short stories to read, and some logic to practice "
is getting excited!
is amazed at how well and how poorly she has managed this sleep-deprived day 
finally has a gold chocobo!
likes people?
"has a popcicle stick that asks, ""what do you call the last bit of snow to hit the ground?"" answer: ""a snowflake "" (duh )"
killed people! (in capture the flag  ^^)
just bought ice cream from an ice cream truck on a college campus  adulthood is so good 
feels like she may be getting in touch with her taste buds 
thinks that 'couvade' is a strange concept 
literally just spent roughly 6 hours doing nothing but day dreaming   
must not be drinking enough orange juice   
believes only in the ingenuity of illusionists 
"has something on her wrist, and wants you to know that nothing happened "
"has roughly 7 minutes to think of a trick, set it up, and become a passable actor  if she intends to fool te quiero, that is "
isn't sure how it got this bad!
is sad that her maymester class was canceled   
rearranged her living room today  now to live in it for a while   
likes kites 
is happy 
"remembers when she tried to hide the tv remote from herself, and failed her own ill-planned test of will power  sadly, she is still fighting    but with books  (i want to read it so bad! but i shouldn't! but i want to! nooo!)"
isn't sure how the last 20 minutes slipped by her so quickly  she was right here!
"says ""hahaha!"""
made a scarf!
"is now restricted to dial up, so don't miss her too much!"
has had a fail-day 
will eat grilled cheese! yes!
is a waitress 
"does not appreciate bugs that make her feel like she might have been halucinating, or the lemon scented bug spray!"
--it's upside down!!! ahhh!
feels excited!
likes to send letters 
is so terrible at turning stories in on time    ugh!
didn't tell you about her hair cut  haha!
thinks with some sadness on the days when she could use her hair as a built-in scarf   
started a grease fire 
is removing wallpaper   
does not believe that she's been on facebook for 2 years  really?
"somehow managed to accidentally re-orient her computer screen, and is currently typing this status sideways    o o"
will be seeing two scotts tomorrow  haha!
wants pad thai! and a nap   
"will be writing, writing, writing!"
doesn't want to do anything 
"wanted to write this paper, but now she doesn't   "
wishes that she were in fayetteville 
"may be pulling an all-nighter, if she can manage it   "
"didn't manage it, and learned that once committed, you cannot renege without consequences   "
turned 3 perfectly good granny smith apples into watery mush with sugar and cinnamon   
will be an iron chef!
"will not tell herself she is ill until, maybe, after she has caught up on the many things she has not done yet "
"really likes that she can see ""friendships"" now! (though she questions the word choice, and would maybe more accurately call it an ""exchange"" <propfemale>    but they could have called it worse  [so much worse   ])"
doesn't like the new status formatting  even though it makes more sense 
greatly enjoyed <propfirst> pilgrim!
"finds if funny how, in the very end, british romanticism and ancient philosophy have met in the most une playful ected of places   "
"says ""thanks everybody!"""
"is at home, feeling sleepy, and she wants to make a quillow someday "
doesn't know what she feels like singing! or doing  or saying   
"made snow ice cream!!! yaaay! (in vanilla, chocolate, chocolate with mint, and chocolate with raspberry  haha   )"
feels like the world is a good place 
