463
25c68399f38b70d0466ae022feb4fe6a
43
+
oh yeah thank you <propfemale> i love love love you!
could have forgiven his vanity had he not mortified mine 
"worked her 2nd job already, working the 1st tonight!"
is on the road to oregon!! let's pretend it's forever  
"is in lebanon, oregon, not israel  though that would be cool, too"
just got back from oregon and i got into uw!!!
has a lease  yay! i'm ready to go right now  and write now  woohoo
is moving out tomorrow! the day before independence day!
is moving stuff atm  working at 5
is going out tonight!! yay!
has a little over a week    
and <propfemale> are going to be the new <propfemale> and <propfemale>  laugh 
had her first nasty hangover  yayyy birthdays  smile 
is going out tomorrow night and saturday night due to birthdays  let me know if you're free!
has the internets again!
is excited to head to oregon tomorrow after work  smile 
is going to the drive-in with <propmale> tomorrow or saturday   ice age 3 + transformers!
nothing's gonna change my world
has one week left   oneee weeeeekkk
works 8 hours at the one job today and 5 at the other  yeah   be jealous   
"just wrote a really, really sad part of my book   ahhhhhh"
"had a wonderful day off, especially w  the drive in  now i'm home trying to write and not watching them play magic   "
wonders what kind of bear is best   
"needs inspiration   but where it's hiding, who knows"
dyed her own hair for the first time   waiting  i'm kind of scared
is done with 14 hour days   and now i have weekends!! yayyyy
first day of new job and camping tonight!
starts classes tomorrow  yayyy   
wtf   disney bought <propfemale>!??
has one more day of both jobs   then freedom!
"is all signed up for wsu  smile  history and english! eff you, o c , i'm taking classes i want to take!"
wants to get out tonight!!
"""why do you have a diary?"" ""to keep secrets from my computer   """
 love 's coffee  mmmmhmmm    
would sell her soul for some friggin feedback   maybe that's saying something   donate some time to wanna-be literature!
can't figure out what is keeping her from sleep   
has her fingers crossed
bought her books   yay
has not found enough ice cream drinks chocolate coffee reeses to fill this void created
whatevs heathcliff  coffee > facebook updating  unless you have the phone deal and can do both   
watched observe + report    wow  just   whoa   
"""you keep trying to break up with me  and we're not even going out """
"is raising her standards this year! for school, for myself, for new things in general  everything  i sell myself short a lot, i've found, at the same time blessed with what i'm given  be grateful for your strengths while recgonizing areas where improvements are needed!!"
is now cpr certified  please don't pass out in front of me!
watching scream for the first time with the tall one
"is overthinking, rendering sleep improbable   but eternal sunshine's on  smile "
liked how last night went from a relatively grown up movie party (with mud!!) to a battle station with throwing cards turned puzzle pieces turned random objects   
"movie night tomorrow at 7  smile  text email facebook fill-in-the-blank me  smile  if you've never been over to the new place, now's the time! not sure what the food or movie will be but it'll be epic! or mildly amusing  either way "
"for treating others as they like to be treated, for obeying stop signs and curing diseases, for mailing letters with the address of the sender, now we can swim any day in november"
is stuffed  famous daves is even more amazing when followed by sharing various pumpkin spice coffees at b&n  still no polka <propfemale> dresses   we kind of suck at quests  but gained e playful erience!!
takes things too seriously  playful  but it's been a long day
"dwight: <propfemale> is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy  if she eats something the fetus doesn't like, she is screwed  it's amazing: a three ounce fetus, is calling the shots! it's so bad ass "
wishes things came to her in dreams instead of life e playful eriences  inspiration doesn't need to have such long lasting effects 
"listen up cuz i love ya lady - we go back like 1980 - you know you the one that changed me - you love me cuz im so crazy - you'll see, it'll be, you and me, someday"
had fun  smile  now taking care of the little man  
"can you meet me halfway, right at the borderline, that's where i'm gonna wait for you, i'll be lookin out night n'day, took my heart to the limit, and this is where i'll stay, i can't go any further then this"
is done with a hellish day at work  looking forward to the filling station and friends  smile 
"""no man is <propmale> enough to buy back his past """
yayyyyyyy free time! taking a three hour drive tomorrow  smile  why? because i can 
needs a friggin hug  and some drinks if you has them  and its only monday
looking up paperwork to change my name officially  want to go in monday 
"""we're all made of blood and rust, looking for someone to trust, without a fight  i think that you came too soon, you're the <propfemale> and the <propfemale> that lights up my night"""
needs a halloween costume  or two  and a game plan from cookie  my default preference is cupcakes  
is missing t t o  pretty badly  sad 
"is already filled with dread at the thought of work and ""all the single ladies""    "
"inside my hands these petals browned; dried up falling to the ground, but it was already too late "
is done with wrapping up assignments for another week  still lots to do tomorrow  days off don't really seem like days off do they   
is watching her favorite movie ever  who needs love when you can stare at clive <propmale>? mhmm   
"overthinks everything  yes, it's possible   now i'm going to bed at a reasonable time   so overrated "
"""well, i mean, there's this little hole  it was kind of an aesthetic choice by the architect  and if you shoot a laser into this hole, the station blows up """
anyone wanna see zombieland or inglorious basterds tonight?? i'm so behind   
"true blood marathon - yes, history homework - yes, pot of coffee goin - heck yes  sleep = overrated"
 smile   smile   smile 
"may take a road trip sunday  either way, i'm getting out of here!!"
"has learned a lot these last couple days   some of it will be unlearned as quickly as possible  on a productive note  jessica has added things that make our apartment look more liveable, maybe even nice   yay  smile  this weekend gets a wiggly a for effort"
 love   smile   smile   smile   love 
"are you in or are you out? leave your bags behind 'cause it's all going off without you  excuse me, too busy, you're writing your tragedy  these mishaps you bubble-wrap when you've no idea what you're like"
work  bleh   men who stare at goats tonight  smile  not sure when we're going but between 8 and 10!!
friday  or saturday   men who stare at goats  it looks freakin awesome  
today sucks  luckily tomorrow is a do over
craving an escape  mentally or physically! work and school should not occupy so much life   
is tiiiirrreedd   up early for a drive  smile 
 smile   smile   smile 
"all for freedom and for pleasure, nothing ever lasts forever   "
should be done with school within three years  provided i take on more classes and go summer semesters as well  woohoo   now to look for a job that will have advancement opportunities around then or before  that might take just as long  playful 
"hates semi-accurate horoscopes, though the day is still young"
is still up   and getting up at 5 smile 0  i choose life  and someone just made me coffee  smile 
somehow ate even after watching zombieland  amazing movie btw   omg   i didn't know <propfirst> ackroyd was in this picture!
is phone-less  sad  i lost it and it's dead  woohoo   
oh the possibilities   
soooo friggin tired  two more full days  
ugh   only 4 days left of the week    
finished her book review   yayyy   
even if it is way too early   i can't help but get excited at the beginnings of christmas season  smile  or i'm just happy today  either one is probable  smile 
 smile   smile   smile 
"wants to see new <propfemale> either friday saturday night or sunday at ten a m  right now it's just me, someone want to come with?"
it's my sunday night  and i'm spending it with the roommates watching <propfirst> cullen and <propmale> play cod modern warfare ii   inspiration to write - received  smile 
saturday night  ridiculous day at work still prickling my skin  what am i doing? friggin homework   you suck sir  also   there's been a second murder
"waking to tomorrow is like our refresh button  i'm hoping for a better result  yes, i'm optimistic "
 smile  if this is the next day we're off to a good start  dressing up for work today  what is everyone for halloween?
feels robbed  but it is wednesday  who remembers yesterday 
knows everything happens for a reason  at least i keep reminding myself i do
forgiveness   is more than saying sorry
scene it!!!
is a very lucky person  smile 
"is doing two essays today to complete her writing portfolio  no credits or anything, this just tells wsu ""hey! i know how to write a paper""  apparently they don't trust o c  to teach us that sort of thing "
movie party after all? i guess so  how have i never seen ace ventura!?
"is excited for everything going down this weekend  smile  and yes, i'm 23 and very excited for new <propfemale>!"
"gets it, <propfemale>, but can we call it a truce for a little bit!??"
is feeling into the wild tonight  i'm already feelin <propfirst> vedder  mmm spaghetti meatballs  damn you <propfemale>!
hates stressed out days  but they do make days like today infinitely better  smile   smile   smile 
wonders how time can go sooo effing slow at work but free time flies by  i feel like i'm only ever working 
"is home in a semi-empty apartment   missing <propmale> on thanksgiving  but a super amazing bff brought over a super amazing looking pie and between them, family, and someone special i have a lot to be thankful for  smile "
is totally seeing new <propfemale> a second time  trying to drag some ppl     smile 
here comes treble!! can't remember who asked what the name of <propmale>'s group was  but that's it!
"new <propfemale> tonight  again  yes, i know, i'm 23  and i still believe in <propfemale> tales "
wonders why everyone else is having babies  sad  they are so innocent and adorable  i totally have the baby fever   noah is a good kid but babies are just so darn easy to make happy all the time   and they fit perfectly in your arms and between the knees for swinging  back and forth  ok i'm getting some sleep now    luckily i got the flu shot!
must be wimpy   the stretch exercises for p90x kicked my butt  yay day 1!
"is rethinking the whole""up too late"" thing  work tomorrow = sad  sad  worth it? maybe   "
is home with a sickish <propmale> today  it's a very 'blah' monday   
is escaping tonight! out with friends  and hoping my creepy-magnet status lets up just a bit 
needs a drink  and it's only my monday  and i got the swine flu vaccine and my arm is being a big friggin baby about it 
hit a rough spot writing  and i haven't written in weeks  but that is going to change today! i miss my fictional people   
"it's that night again! yayyyyy!!! if you love the office, you should be here! and if you don't, cookies can convert anybody!"
thinks it's ridiculous to miss someone but that doesn't keep me from feeling it 
one paper down after i finish the annotated bibliography  then i will detail the rise of the republican party during the civil war and be done! yay for coffee flavored full throttles and coffeeeeeeeee
"<propfirst> made us cake  fo free  hear that, j?  smile "
"mmm good day  smile  tomorrow looks promising too, despite my continued lack of costume  "
is cramming the last couple weeks of homework in tonight so i can go dance my @ss off tomorrow night  smile  this is what i get for procrastinating  also  i so want the 12 days of christmas!!  <propmale> is a genius  what i'd give for just one drummer boy  
work  work on saturday  running around all day work   when i am soooo  tired  and i have  two papers due by midnight tomorrow  coffffeeeee pleeassseee
<10 hours left  still two papers  one crazy four year old w  no attention span   i'm losing it 
"hates that her ""fridays"" are usually the more hellish of work days  sad  good news is i'm volunteering for 9 am nursery duty at newlife  smile "
's excited for a night in with new roomies and 'old'   i have -almost- all my favorite people with me  smile 
taking woodstock   awesommmeee
mmmm coffeee   sometimes i wish i could smell  but i'm living with three boys and it isn't so bad 
is not feeling the christmas spirit  sad  ahhhhhh    
can't get big green tractor out of my head  and i'm going stir crazy at home
"thinks just when you start to miss someone, they remind you why they're no longer there  thanks for giving me what i needed  the one time "
"rented inglorious basterds, making woodstock and brief interviews with hideous men! so excited!!"
has nursery duty   woohoo  smile 
"""oh #$%$ back that @#$ up let me see those hips swinggg"""
omg globbaalll beeannnnnn
now has a million reeses   thanks and no thanks kevin  ya jerk 
is feeling trampled  only word to describe work today   i'm looking at my options on monday  i'm going out tonight  to average the suckiness from today out is going to take a lot of craziness
"is feeling good  smile  nursery went amazingly well, i got my homework done on time and breakfast consisted of donuts and watching the movie up  smile  oh yeah   saw the movie fourth encounter   kinda freaky!"
is kid-less for a week  sad  distract me please! movies are a good start  i hear this avatar is good  
ooo   history homework due in one hour  good time to do it! i'm really rethinking the whole school idea 
"needs those with free time to read my book and give me feedback, big or small  there's really nothin in it for you other than a mediocre story  smile "
really needs to double check who i'm sending texts to   this is the 2nd time this week!! totally going to pretend that didn't happen   
writing = happy  smile 
passed both classes!!! yayyyy!!! i'm still going to school next semester!!
"nursery duty successful, sluy's donuts in gingerbread-man shape and coffee with the tall one, followed by a little writing before <propfemale> and i go to joanns and target to quest for things  it's 4 and today is awesome   "
"is somehow making cookies again   all the others disappeared, which is good   "
mmm   sweats   coffeee   chocolate   this is loovveee
wants to know who else watched harpers island  am i the only one that cried!?
"how can i even try? i can never win, hearing them, seeing them, in the state i'm in, how could she say to me ""love will find a way?"" gather round all you clowns, let me hear you say, hey you've got to hide your love away"
has wine   something something something dark side   strawberry cheesecake ben&jerries   today might be ok 
is still figuring out the itouch   have headphones that work again  and i need a writing mentor  any takers?
"is done haphazardly wrapping presents for <propmale>, fabricating evidence of the jolly fat man, coughing for ten friggin minutes, and hoping everyone is enjoying the holiday  <propfemale> christmas peoples!!!"
just wants a nap  is that soooo much to ask?  smile  hope everyone has a <propfemale> christmas!
is hibernating until monday morning with my finals   visitors are overly welcome if they weild coffee or dark chocolate 
is excited to see sherlock holmes!!! <propfemale> christmas!!
"is signed up for english 301, history 111, and psych 321  excited but a little wary of what 3 classes will mean versus 2  might keep me out of trouble though!"
"there's a part of me you'll never know, the only fear i'll never show, hopelessly, i'll love you endlessly, hopelessly, i'll give you everything, but i won't give you up, i won't let you down, and i won't leave you falling, if the moment ever comes    "
11 is the new 12   yay sharis!
"is swearing off boys for new years! at least for a couple months and since i'm a romantic sucker who makes bad decisions, <propmale> has permission to scare people off with a weapon of his choosing if i try to cheat on my resolutions    "
posted pics from the coldnote show around mid-december  there are a lot of devilish sorts of faces  i'm just sayin   
"plans were changed  sad  there's a reason for everything, right?? there's still gonna be dancing!"
is amazed at the power of chai   i could so do a happy dance right now  smile 
happy new years! everything happens for a reason  smile  but thanks for the reminder!  smile  i'm sorry some's new years were so sad  annoyed  best of luck for next year!
's day is almost over   tomorrow will be glorioussssss
"needs to get girly for tomorrow, though work will probably try its hardest to ravage me   today was crazzzy    cant wait to go out tomorrow  smile  dinner with awesome friends and going to see an amazing band at the casinoo!!"
still feels badly  but friends are good distractions  smile  thank you for a lovely evening even if i don't deserve you  smile 
is totally team <propmale> now  particularly when it's this friggin cold out   
"has two dresses, one pair of hot shoes and no date   but there'll be plenty of ppl to dance with!!!"
was reintroduced to sims 3  i blame <propfirst> for finding it 
is now heading out   finally  coffee   wal mart  pride & prejudice movie  what more could a girl want! oh i can tell you   
4 0 semester gpa byatchs! sure i only took 2 classes  but as much as i studied   that's amazing  pizza and district 9 tonight! tomorrow   absolutely nothing  pretty excited about it too 
"had a fun night  smile  i love music, old and new friends, and meeting new people! milkshakes don't hurt, either  though death glares do! shun  "
"has scrubbed the ocean, sand and campfire smell from herself   and is now back home  sad day "
finds it funny when the solution to your problems is deterred by the problem itself  i need distractions 
going to a movie with the roomie  smile  i'd say which one but i'd be embarassed  lets just say  third time's a charm 
has stuff to make  smile   smile   smile  now to make it  i'm glad i had a great consultant 
craves cookies  always cookies  or maybe ice cream or  omg cheesecake! why do we have no cheesecake  maybe i should make dinner first  note: still need to see avatar 
wants coffee  and a movie  and someone to accompany me to both  and a sitter to make this happen  then i can forget about work today  and life's sense of humor while we're at it  am i reaching for the stars here?
watching monsters vs aliens with little man  i'd say he picked it but it'd be lying  
toooooo eaaaaaarrrlllyyyyy
"facebook has a sick sense of humor  my ads are all baby stuff and wedding registries  and weight loss tips! always weight loss tips  don't mock me, facebook! you know i love babies!!"
needs a distraction   please please please give me a distraction  the kid is gone all week and i'm alone with nothing to occupy my thoughts that i want to think about 
"s day is full of surprises  smile  good ones, too!"
<propmale> has introduced me to failblog org   it is amazing
"""you see? you just can't trust anyone  the first girl i let into my life and she tries to eat me """
thinks the whole no-guys resolution is easily followed so long as i take my friends with me! somewhat appreciative  last night was just bizarre 
"""maybe i'll be fast as you  maybe i'll break hearts too  i think you'll slow down  when your turn to hurt comes around  maybe i'll break hearts and be as fast as you "" ahh memories  "
"is currently looking for a desk, an entertainment center, a large area rug, a full size bed deal, a twin size bed deal   and a tv   if you have any leads, let me or one of the 104'ers know"
<propfirst> started the fire!!!
"costco is amazing!! but my health food deal remains broken because of it  i did cave and get an acer   its 2 5 pounds!! it's ""for school""    "
it's like the end of an <propfemale>!!!
is back to reading dear john   need to finish it before the movie comes out!! probably should see the movie first but i'm impatient!!
"is still phoneless  and it's driving me crazy  no, it's not about texts  i can't communicate with anyone i need to!"
is emotionally done   but i'm going to not think about it til tomorrow  i will then resuscitate  myself via ice cream movies sweats or going out drinking dancing  tomorrow will determine my options as well as who is available for distraction   feel free to volunteer!
is without a phone for an undetermined amount of time  just sayin  and the work week's starting again  ughhhh    but the things i got for my new room were magically assembled by a post-christmas elf while i was out  smile  and i'm still ridiculous happy  leave it at that  
polka dotted pink red!
its 2   i should be sleeping  smile   smile   smile 
got up  at 2 pm   wtf   i didnt even stay at cullens things long  which was fun  b t -way  except  there are some things i'll never get out of my head!! <propfirst> i blame you!
"wants to see the book of <propmale>, the lovely bones, daybreakers, and or leap year  i am free tomorrow  let me know if you must see any of these! still trying to finish dear <propfirst> before feb 5th   "
wants to do something tonight  just not sure what!
is hampered by feelings  sometimes i really hate those  but they're so amazing!
is feeling completely ridiculous 
"now has a bed! i'm glad today is over  it had its ups, but i'm starting over tomorrow  smile "
<propmale> elf what's your favorite color  smile 
needs to find someone to drag to the company 'christmas' party feb  6! it's not a requirement but it is for me!  smile  wifey you're not excluded from this 
"ooooooooo   ooo yeah, oooo yeah   "
wonders if it's smart to start with core synergenics  but dammit if i'm going to i'm gonna do it right!
worlds greatest dad (the movie <propfirst> <propmale> was in in seattle) is playing in kingston!!  smile 
"hopefully going out tomorrow night with <propfemale>, maybe others  i need a girls night   and a couple drinks never hurt anyone  well  ok lets not get into that"
without a broom i might just sweep you off yo feet and make you wanna tell somebody      wink 
is ready to move crap!!
has had a pretty awesome day  smile  and it's just starting!
"""we've tried to wash our hands of all this - we never talk of our lack of relationships - and how we're guilt-stricken sobbing with our heads on the floor - we fell through the ice when we tried not to slip, we'd say   i can't be held responsible"""
doppl-something week  who the heck do i look like? be nice!  smile 
"""funk is the problem  also the solution"" <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>"
"meeting the mom at taprock for lunch tomorrow  starting, wednesday i'm saying goodbye to meat for a while  all types!"
actually finished core synergenics  i'm sure i'll feel it tomorrow  maybe the b&j wasn't such a great idea beforehand   it's gonna be hard to give up my two loyal guys  
"forgot to pick up coffee   and a headache is threatening my happiness!! i should clean  do homework  or move stuff  but my limbs are sore  and i want to go out tonight! headache  please go away  coffee, come to me!"
"everything's in order in a black hole, but nothing seems as pretty as the past though"
is free til six   someone seduce me  it isnt hard  coffee is always a good start  you know the <propfirst>  
paid off all but one of her cards   wtf is my login!?
whhhaaa my friends are craaaazzzzayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yayyy grocery shopping  i learned this is what you do when you no longer have food  i'm craving blackened chicken and salad  and kid needs spiderman fruit snacks  or is it batman  might be getting coffee later tonight if i play my cards right  smile 
turned in my psych assignment at 11:59  dunno if i should be proud of that  now to sleeeppp   
finished the book  now i'm not sure i wanna see the movie!! grrr   
walked a billiondy <propmale> at work today  too many cardic patients  too little time  but it flew!! now to write   omg no more coffee!!
one more dayyyy til weekend  then i get to move all my stuff from old room to new  and then there's homework  ew  legion looks effing awesome! i so want to see it  
is soooo freakin tired   and now we have four people i get to walk with at work   5 times a day   ahhhh   caffiene is my bestest friend   
"""it's a quarter past one, i'm all alone and i need you now  said i wouldn't call but i've lost all control and i need you now"" stuck in my head all day   "
ate too much but had an amazing girls night! when in rome is such a cute movie!
is having a pretty spectacular day  smile  and it's my monday!  smile  *giddy*
"has absolutely nothing pressing tomorrow and i'm damn excited about it  nothing is due, i dont have to be anywhere, i can have a completely chill day! at least i should be able to !"
"a recap episode?? really?? today was perfectly usual  my e playful ectations really need to start coming down  that being said, i do have awesome friends "
"""he's a good man, he has a good heart "" ""then it's true what they say  opposites attract "" awesome movie!"
is going to see leap year   yayy!  smile  i like movies a ridiculous amount  
is sooo excited for this weekend! might be going out tonight too!
is uncharacteristically happy today  smile  must be something in the water  or maybe accidentally spraying cleaner in my face at work affected my brain   whatever! its working  smile 
wonders what possessed her to watch <propfemale> jones diary!
is home with a sick kid   again!  annoyed 
"didn't make it to dear <propfirst> yesterday   and my date to my work christmas party had to bail  sad  it'll still be a blast, because i work with some neato people anyhow   thank goodness!"
is nerding it up writing fan fiction   
"""we know black widow is working with the bad guys  in my e playful erience, the hot chics always end up on the bad side  maybe because they pay better   """
can finally sleep   its something i've been missing
is friggin tired of althusser and his views on ideologies!
is already trying to plan this weekend  richelle!? ideas@?
men who stare at goats! silverdale theater!! 8 oclock!! it looks amazzzinnnggg
is going to la push!!!
had an awesome time last night  i like new places  smile 
"come on, you guys, it's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life  you know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walking around their tank, you know, holding claws…"
"is back from la push  albeit reluctantly  what a strange weekend, lots of fun with a little stress too  my socks still have sand in them  waiting for life to meet in the middle again"
is done with her psych test (84%  annoyed ) still needs to do eng papers but somehow had a good but strange day  smile 
"needs to disassemble a bunk bed set, do my psych, and head to cookie's house for yummy food  sounds good to me  smile "
dreams of simplicity  or reason  or reasonable simplicity  or something semi close to that hemisphere  pleassseee god just for a little while   night suckaaass    
 love 's people who get me coffee and make me dinner  smile  there may be other reasons as well    excited to go out tonight  smile 
"danced to my favorite song, with one of my favorite people  smile  i am satisfied  for now "
will be at work in 4 hours  lols
"""good decisions come with e playful erience, and you get e playful erience from bad decisions"" if this were true i'd only be making good decisions at this point! ugh   "
text books  coffee  and the office 
"is attempting to clean the apartment before poker night  then picking up the kid at 6, coming back, conjuring up dinner, finishing brents room, and oh yeah  laundry and history homework  three day weekend next weekend!! wooo!!"
"is rewriting  again  this time with some <propmale> adjustments  anyone a fan more of a diary type form, switching between two main chars or just one main char? pleaseee tell me!"
managed to eff up a lot of things on her one day weekend  i don't know why i even try at romance at this point  <propmale> is well deserving of all the love i'll ever have to give  and homework writing can fill whatever cracks time provides otherwise  i say this  every time  
"loves seeing all of her good friends in one day  smile  well  a lot of them anyway thank you, all of you  you don't know what just being around you does for me "
is soooo excited to be done  and with an hour to spare! now that i'm free  i get to clean the apartment tomorrow  yeah     
loves how ironic life can be sometimes   
"has a new phone  and it is beyond my technical capabilities  if you want to make life a little easier for me, text me with your name so i can add you  this is, of course, voluntary "
wonders where to find inspiration  is it so bad to need some?
loves reconnecting with people  smile  and coffee  and drinks named after lizards  and the fact i actually have a bed to sleep on  ooohhhh yeahhhh
wants to go to the drive in tomorrow  go to this show saturday in seattle  and just go out and do something  this is why it helps to have a boyfriend  they have to go out with you  my friends really don't care if i threaten to hold out on them  
"if you have not see dr horribles sing along blog  then you must  it is a requirement   neil <propfirst> harris  nathan fillion  the girl from the guild  what more is there!? oh yeah, evil!"
"is determined to cram until midnight, where i will involve sharis as something to look forward to  french toast   mmm   if any of you get bored at midnight that's where <propfemale> and i will be   smile "
likes getting to meet new people  smile  it doesn't happen as often as it should  it was nice to see good friends today too! so happy the aliens escaped!
"""one of your new friends has something of the ""geek"" about them  this person is really big on technology and the internet, and you can learn a lot from them  if you are single, there is potential for romance here  keep an open mind - this techie is not as cold as they seem!"" too bad i have no new nerdy friends  at least my horoscope is starting to get my preferences right  smile "
does not want to work today   meh   hoping tonight will be fun distracting 
"is the cat  for richelles birthday  counting down the days, love!  smile "
"""obviously, you're not a golfer"""
yayyy 92%   not bad for a slacka  no time to look up the answers my-ass  
"paid off then ripped up cards from ae, vs, kohls, sears, and gap   no more!  smile  now spending time with the brosky  its a good st patricks day "
does anyone want a bunk bed!? it fits a full mattress on bottom and twin on top  pleeasseee take it 
thinks <propmale> is awesome  one of my favorite things about <propmale>? he quotes <propfirst> <propmale>'s line from titanic  whatever happened to <propfirst> <propmale>? i thought he was fantastic 
"made steak, potatoes, and corn  and no one died  now i'm stuffed and unmotivated  i feel like the fat fish guy in ocarina of time that you have to wait 5 friggin minutes for him to move his butt  weh  weh   weh   weh   weh"
has a sexy date for new years!   smile 
needs out tonight!! whose with me!
"was amazingly awake today considering how late i stayed up  smile  what can i say, meeting new ppl is fun! coffee too   can't forget the coffee  smile "
"is proud of personal growth  i'm alone and i'm satisfied with that for now  life has plenty to keep me busy, and i'm not going to piss off fate any more than i already have  i have plenty to distract me and plenty to be thankful for  wink  now to curl up in bed with p&p and my coffee  smile "
ugh  psych test  i have put you off long enough  i'm still scared though   
bought way too much needed but-nonetheless-adds-up crap but it's going to be an ok day
has a lot to do  and i'm doing none of it  
is rapidly finishing the dear <propfirst> book so i can watch it friday!! 6:50 showing in bremerton! be there  smile  i believe we're going to the manette afterward    
"is so psyched for next weekend   a much anticipated book to movie, a much anticipated band, and my work-christmas party with my super-hot date!  smile "
will be at some coffee joint tomorrow studying like mad for a psych test due by midnight! ahhhhh    good thing i love psych  they're actually making me do stuff 
is getting rid of a dresser and bunk bed frame (full sz bottom twin top)  the dresser was <propmale>'s as a baby and is longer shorter but made nicely  i just don't have room for these now  let me know if you can take them off my hands! can send pics
found an awesome dress w  shoes  and a headband!  love  to <propfemale> for the assist
saw dear john   cried like a baby  it was amazing!  smile 
noooooooooooooooooo           
free night! what to do  what to do   
"is fascinated with emotions and how people work   why do people intentionally self-destruct? how can your heart swell in happiness and hurt so friggin bad at the same time? where are the lines between responsbility and pride? how are these determined? are we goign off the general consensus or do we trust our own idea of intuition, when we lie to ourselves more than anyone else?"
hot chocolate!! and assignments done  early! ah yeah!
"is going to do something i haven't done in a very long time   if you guessed exercising, you were right! if you guessed something else   shame on you"
does he look like a bitch!??
should be in rome but i really want to see <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> bishop   i've missed them 
is finally seeing the last airbender tomorrow  i think at 4 smile 0  if anyone else is interested  smile  kid is excited 
how the heck did social network beat black swan!??
gets ridiculously twitterpatted over silly things    smile 
finished my monday   our out pt  person had her baby! congrats <propfirst>! !!
"kid's still resting  doing all my laundry and packing sh7t   again  most appreciative, but tired "
"didn't think today at work would end  going where there's limited cell phone reception, no computers, no tvs, just a cabin, an ocean, some wine, and two of my very favorite people  smile  this weekend will go too fast  "
"is off to never, never land   "
nnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooo                     
has friday night  one with no homework!! movies  going out  anything sounds good   still can't get dr  horrible's songs out of my head!
"dear karma: i know you're an manipulative shit, and i know i made my decisions that got me here, but for eff's sake! don't act like i haven't paid plenty  i was rash and got myself ganked, i'm ready to respawn "
is stuffed   then we got ice cream made after girl scout cookies   mmm   now we're watching a total chic flic  i  love  lazy sundays
should be packing  ugh  i'm sure everything can be done saturday sunday  
"is psyched  i get to see sea shells, mitzy, and cookie at the same time! and get out of the house and hear some pretty sweet music at a place that sells coffee + heart attack fries  could a thursday night be any better?  smile  work today was awesome, too  why am i suddenly nervous   "
"got my room-cleaning started, visited a friends where there was the office, wine and ice cream, and finishing the night with jib and fanfiction  pretty awesome day to me!"
glee tonight with <propfemale> and <propmale> nopants  yay for simple distractions 
keeps having thoughts of <propfemale> garden   mmm   
"is being mentally terrorized by <propfemale>'s ""your love is my drug "" if i could sing i would share my torment with fellow coworkers patients  but i can't and i'm not that cruel   it racks my brain like nails on a chalk board and yet it makes me smile  ugh   you're welcome!  playful "
just wrote a paper on how the internet is sorely overused  and now i'm back on it  meh   why i had to spend 2 hours demonstrating to wsu i can write is another matter 
is looking forward to a lazy night after all that yesterday  and i didn't even do the harder parts   also   dexter   
"likes live music *who doesn't?* but i particularly love  sand panda, who were (was ) amazing tonight, btdoubleyah"
"amazing movie! who better to play a god, let alone god of gods, than liam neeson!? ammmmaaaaazzzzinngggg  and <propmale> fiennes has a thing for these creepy balding villains  "
"is taking the kiddo to see how to train your dragon at 7:10  if anyone else wants to drag their kids, or just see it  bc it looks awesome!"
"doesn't know why she lets ex's statements bother her, particularly when their maturity was questioned in the last place  and you know what they say about women scorned   and common courtesy isn't common (yay murphy!)"
thinks people need to surround themselves with more support and positivity  at least as much as you give  don't confuse familiarity with friendship  it's time to cut out that that brings you down  even if it means starting over ?
that's the plan  rule the world  you and me  anyday  wink 
"<propfemale> my phone hates me  it's not sending my texts and is cutting my calls short  that being said, i'll be home tomorrow, yay! i'll say i'm happy about it   "
found a local writers group  woohoo! hopefully i'll meet some ppl with semi-similar interests  maybe make a few friends i can keep! or maybe i'll acquire a new stalker  that seems more likely 
sooo sleepppyyy  no sound in the world parallels the horror that the alarm brings  
? i left my baby on the side of the highway   ?
"is having a mini crisis of priorities, wants, needs, loves, hates, random emotions, and the downside of procrastination play-now work-later  it doesn't help that i have to work tomorrow and i'm just now feeling awake  "
is back from oregon  weekend wasn't long enough  i'm not ready for all this reality crap  sad 
"""every shadow no matter how deep is threatened by morning light  """
attended my first writer's meeting!! it's amazing how work inspires me to write  reading inspires me to write   home inspires me to write  all while takign away my actual writing time  
is accruing a detoxing team  we can do it!!
"thanks cookie for an amazing weekend, as usual   though the point was for me to make you food  not bring a lot of kck ass food over  not that i'm complaiing  <propfemale> bride ftw   my gd bf is doing dishes   wtf"
"wonders if some things go both ways, or am i stuck on a one-way only street? show me some signs!"
clash of the titans!
needs out tonight    definitely sensing coffee  maybe a drink later on  hmm any good chill places?
"i hate this feeling first thing in the morning  work   "
finally got her ass moving  i did the first step of biggest loser's cardio something  one of the therapists at work uses this and it looks good for her  but my legs are jelly and my butt is twitching  not to mention i haven't sweat like this in quite some time  sitting on my ass is catching up with me!! but yayyy day 1!
"has never been opposed to going to church  i sin, as much as anyone else and i'm on the road to improvement, tho moving slowly  it is the people i know who consistently go to church that makes it look like a bad idea  to me it is blasphemy to go to church when you have no intention of trying to improve  it would seem better to not go at all then to go for the sake of improving you image while still ignoring god "
actually got a lot done at work today   i battled organized the leg rests with only minor bruises!! now im being entertained by <propmale>'s nephew wyatte  <propfemale> cleaned the apartment  almost didn't recognize it  saturday night in  yayyy   
"watching the young <propfemale>  my love life is missing at best, so why not live vicariously  so much better than that paper on terrorism i'm supposed to be doing for history "
"""you have to stop the q-tip when there's resistance!!"""
"best line from the guild ""oh hey, babycakes? don't worry, you're still my primary quest line "" and vork ""women in general are short term returns  they are not a suitable vehicle for long term investments  also in my e playful erience, very low drop rate  all i can say is, have fun grinding """
"i realllyyy really hate facebook sometimes  i've never wanted to delete something and never look at it again so badly  and at the same time, if i didn't have facebook, i don't know that i'd talk to anyone  "
packed yesterday so that today is 'clean the apartment' day    yay   
mondays are sad and near hopeless   plus no one ever wants to do anything on mondays    ugh  lottery   please find me 
stupid sleep  creeping up on me when i'm not e playful ecting you and then refusing to show when ive the time   i wish i didn't need you  but it would suck to be an insomniac  really starting to see how writers get to drinking  
"wonders how days can go from so messy to so good to so messy  i had a good day, regardless  smile "
time for cookie!
annihilated that psych test  now praying work goes by quickly and as pain free as possible tomorrow  it'll be nice to escape to seattle after and hopefully see some homies!
"it's getting better, baby  no one can better this "
"""a smooth sea never made a skillful sailor"""
its nine-thirty on saturday and my bones are tired   i'm getting old  i have two papers to do before monday night and a psych test to do monday   i'm actually reading the books this time  so it'll be interesting to see the difference  i'm just pooped   you youngins have fun now  
"is home, sweet home  mmm coffee"
finished a small place and the narrative of the life of <propmale> <propmale> in time to write papers on them! it's funny that reading makes me want to write so badly but in reading i utilize my writing time  sad 
 love  working on book during band practice  not too shabby  smile    love 
"hates homework for taking away my small semblance of a social life   ok, if we're being real, it's cutting into my movie watching fan fiction writing time  but that doesn't sound nearly as cool "
"""i ask myself everytime i go to do something, 'would an idiot do this?' if the answer is 'yes', i do not do that thing """
is watching mom's husband play guitar while balancing on the exercise ball  the cat is sitting dangerously close   this could be good 
<propfemale> the riveter over there fixed our sink  now water actually goes down   yayyy <propfemale>  braving the super disgusting sink tubbage like that  ewww   
"<propmale> and jerries  girl talk with <propfemale>, pretty awesome, chill evening  i won't lie  the sweat pants do wonders for comfort levels  maybe without new <propfemale> to offend i might coax my best friend out tomorrow!"
"""my feets is tired but my soul is rested"" doing history homework  but the quote, i can relate  it's funny how doing the right things and avoiding easy escapes distractions can make things a little bit harder in life  still hoping it'll pay off in the end  if not, i did what i could "
"is a happy girl   i got a notebook to write in (with button-cover to save it from the far recesses of my purse  ) and a shitload of reeses   plus i got to see my best friends (sans <propfemale>  ), eat too much food and see most of a movie  i will have to see inception again and stay awake   thank you guys for making today better"
there was not enough chocolate in the facility today to distract me from work   and poppyseed cookies are not cookies! grr   
"got out of the house yesterday  there was new people, coldnote at viking fest, and strawberry cheesecake   i tried sangria for the first time  uh   it was interesting  smile  pretty effing awesome day, and that was all after work!"
at risk of sounding crazy  i'm so excited!! i feel like i can go back to <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!
sometimes wishes i had cable  especially thursday nights when the office is on after a month long break  bah! looks like psych homework and finishing chapter one   hopefully
is finally gonna see <propfemale> in wonderland on friday! have wednesday-sunday kidless  sad  so i'm trying to stay busy!
had a little fun at the manette  smile  learned i still suck at pool   sound parade sounded pretty sweet  smile 
"is done with finals  now the game of ""what and see""   "
got a charger  i'm once again an owner of an actionable camera  and a storage unit!! hear that riri shells? i has your pictures  
   kid's burning up  gave him some meds and crossing my fingers it'll be gone by tomorrow  i'll be at work regardless  he's in good spirits for being in the state he's in
"had an awesome, chill day!! studying will always be there tomorrow  "
needs rescued! ahhhh!!! help me  i have cookies   
"finished her two papers, and well before midnight!! now back to life   "
thoroughly enjoyed coffee  smile  the boys playing weren't bad either
wonders what it is about ewan mcgregors voice that just makes everything seem ok  mmhmm   
lunch   the sun knows not to tease me while i'm stuck inside  english papers and psych test due monday    ugh
"second chances sell books, movies, even songs but reality does not buy them "
"this does sound like me  if there was a person, i'd most likely be arguing with them  'you have a strongly romantic aspect in your chart today, but there is also conflict  you may find that you and your partner argue, then make up, or that you are irrationally drawn to people to argue with, then discover you find them attractive """
"stop looking at me, swan!!"
"""i noticed you're wearing open-toed shoes  when did you become a whore?""  smile "
had fun with friends last night  i can't believe how much time has passed  it still feels like four years ago was yesterday   
really wants to see morning glory  this will have to wait   
going out with the usual friends  it's my free friday and i'm intent on enjoying it! the stressful stuff can wait 
laundry day   
"enjoyed two days of no laptop, no phone and very little studying   oh yeah, and <propfirst>, too  smile  we were attacked by a rogue wave today right after we checked out, naturally   soaked to the mid section? no big deal  the ocean gets tired of being in pictures!!"
is looking forward to some b&n time tomorrow  i haven't gotten a good coffee in forreevverrr
can't help but think about new years  namely how -different- this new years is going to be and the year that lead to it  smile  my life is changing and i'm very blessed with what i have now  and   final grades are out and i'm awesome  smile  all that stress paid off  or at least leads to the next bit 
mmm blueberries  today will be amazing  i think we're doing a movie night here at the apartment  text for details  though i doubt there are any 
"has today through sunday kidless  and while this is weird, and a little uncomfortable, i do want to get outta the house! help me not freak out  "
s head is trying to kill me   ahhhh   being a lazy ass and watching arrested development   
"is seriously not ready for all the milestones that summer will carry   denial, please!"
"needs hugs  big and small  and if that is too simple, coffee chocolate  pretty please!"
"had one of those work days where you want to hit someone, scream, and cry at the same time   i keep telling myself  i'm going camping tomorrow!! but i don't want to jinx it  people have great timing like that   why can't 'good' things just be good?"
"has a 3-5 pg paper to do tomorrow on terrorism and how it has affected domestic policy over the years   woohoo! despite work being ""ugh""-inspiring today, tonight was pretty cool  smile "
"enjoyed sleeping in today   always a beautiful thing  now if only i had chocolate, life would be even more grand  getting my a$$ handed to me at trouble  again    kid cheats "
needs to get to work tomorrow   anyone heading to silverdale from my area in bremerton!?? there's literally been a more or less stalled line of cars in front of my house on burwell all night 
totally forgot clash of the titans was coming out this weekend! going to see it friday with my amazing co-hort
is being inadvertantly reminded of her insane cupcake phase  which makes me want to make strawberry rhubarb pie  my pre-cupcake phase  which makes me think of strawberries  which makes me want strawberry french toast   mmm    where the f is my pie pan   
is done thinking until next fall  about to watch slammin salmon with the roomies and hopefully play wow   thinking is overrated  i want mindlessness for a little while  ugh   i can't believe i finished that chocolate red wine  there is too much of a good thing  and two of my favorite things should not be combined  
almost done with classes   now praying my slacking isn't going to cost me   i need to socialize today  classes make me angry
doesn't get people  how can you e playful ect so much from everyone and throw a fit when you don't get it but make no effort to show the simplest consideration to anyone? am i going crazy here? feared as much  
is moving forward  the past'll kill ya if you stay in it  and history doesn't always have to repeat itself  sometimes you have to keep the light switch on even if you don't like what you see 
"""rather bear those ills we had, than to fly to others, that we know not of"""
"   one of those days   thank you co workers for being such an awesome team  thank you <propfemale> for the very necessary coffee (the start, anyway) and <propfemale> for the amazing chocolate   reeses cake = epic win  with all that amazingness  why do i still feel so bummed  sad "
wants to be able to use poetry and such   i a lot of times i get a lot of inspiration for my book but it's never in sequence with where i'm at in the book  maybe  because i'm at the beginning  again  ugh  third time's a charm   
wonders why hearts can't seem to hear the brain   
"??you're aching, you're breaking, and i can see the pain in your eyes, says everything's changing and i don't know why??"
burned my tongue on coffee   it does not share my appreciation   good things come to those who wait  or avoid it all together when that does not work   signed   newbie tea addict 
"needs to borrow a truck soonish   or to win the lottery   you know  whichever happens first but firstly, a truck or obtuse vehicle of some sort   "
"today was awesome, tagging along with <propfemale> w  wyatte and watching avatar with <propfirst>, cullen, <propmale> and matt   finally saw the damn movie  it is freaking long!"
feels like i'm trying to start a fire with no matchs  why am i working so hard for something that doesn't want to be 
loves watching kids enjoy things for the first time  noah is watching hook and loving it  this is after he kicked my butt three times in a row in zingo  the kid's too smart 
"is distracting myself from homework   if you're looking for something to do friday night, come to the manette with us! my co-worker's band is performing  smile  super excited to see them play!"
has the next two days off   let's do something!
"would much rather sing along with coldplay than do my paper that is due at midnight  is googling 'terrorism' considered suspicious? this act has a lot of ambiguity  if so, the research i did for my book is gonna get me in real trouble   i did find some troubling posts on chloroform  curiousity killed the cat  too bad hemi is part devil  that shit don't die "
'all i ever learned from love was how to shoot at someone who outdrew you  it's not a cry you can hear at night  it's not somebody who's seen the light  it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah'
"soooo sleepy   trying not to crash before movie night, though it's inevitable  coffee number 7 did not help, the jerk   and while things are getting cleaner around here my <propfemale> is just as useless as ever  annoyed  looking forward to viking fest  i think   "
this week is gonna go fast  smile   smile   smile 
sometimes protests working saturday    if ya wanna see where i work tho visit me at one! w coffee!
"""but i still wanna be friends  plus a little extra  also, i love you"" man i love dwight   super excited for eclipse + girls night   hoping to see some other ppl too   the first being the key word "
should be doing something   meh   
"stressed out after a nonstop day at work  i   er  yeah! good news is i have the weekend off to try to socialize  some people make that more difficult than others  pizza and wine, and the movie sunshine   mmhmm   "
my room is clean!! holllyyy crap! productive things happen when you're stuck at home! kid is watching spongebob  the same episode  again   
will be at global bean at 8ish on saturday to see my coworkers band  join us if you want coffee  or to see ppl play  or both! the band is sound parade   or sand panda if you can't read my calendar writing   i still think sand panda sounds awesome  
is headed to bainbridge in a few in my quest of getting out of denial   it hurts but it's the healing kind  annoyed  tonight is for new beginnings and old friends  for auld <propfemale> syne!
s plans fell through  but i made some new ones  meh   
"seems to attract dysfunction, but it's going really well  so i won't complain  smile "
has to go return some videotapes   
is not feeling the early saturday work thing   good news is i have a 5 hr car drive after work  no really  i'm excited  smile 
<propmale>'s out   roomies are gone   the house is eerily quiet  i should be packing but it's just so damn chill  niceeee 
"""do you want to run this ship!?""  ""yeah!"" ""well   you   you can't!"""
just wants to sleep   whyyyy are you eluding me  
watching he's just not that into you  again  because it's awesome  and full of quote-worthy lines   
lazzyy sunday   can't seem to find my phone  it may be in my car but its not enough to tempt me to go out there   
"we two have paddled in the stream, from morning sun till dine; but seas between us broad have roared since auld <propfemale> syne "
is writing this stinkin paper   isn't it enough to know all this stuff? i have to regurgitate it all in my own words? i can't believe how much males do in the animal world to attract female mates and compete with other males  of course this is all for the intent of copulating and producing offspring  our culture is so weird!!
"is hoping for a less-weird day tomorrow   roller coaster anyone? thank you, friend-people, for being there for me   it's nice to know someone has your back "
"still overrun with allergies  medicating now  nyquil made me all weird last night but didn't actually solve anything  kid is coughing a lot, better not get sick   ahh washington   determined to play mah <propfemale> until i win one  lol"
"wants to know if twilight would have done so well if <propfirst> had just gone ""i'm a goddamn vampire, i don't need this moody byatch"" but then  it would have been a short series  oooo cookie dough   "
   once again has songs stuck in my head  thanks  thanks a lot
"had a pretty lazy and amazing monday   spent a little too much time in bed, <propmale> out with someone of some importance to me, got lotsss of coffee, exercised, and am now listening to muse writing  yes, i sound like a twitter  i'm cool with that for now "
why does school get so much more stressful the closer you come to the end of it? turning my final in soon  i just can't seem to write it right
"""darling, you've got to let me know   """
felt like crap all day   but having all the people i love here makes it easier  and some yummy mcgavins pastries now that my stomach's no longer my enemy   ?
 love 's dirty rotten scoundrels
"""insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and e playful ecting different results ""?"
"should be writing my paper on terrorism and how 'it' has changed domestic and foreign policy recently  patriot act, anyone? what are your thoughts on this, because mine are fuzzy at best  why does loving history mean having to deal with all the government bs?"
so this is what boredom feels like   why did the sun leave as soon as i got off work  sad  whenever i'm available it runs away   but it teases me when i'm occupied  
has to purchase and read 11 novels for my upcoming english class   uh   we'll see how that goes! one of them has a movie of it with <propfirst> hopkins!
had a pretty awesome monday evening   though my limbs are still cold   smile 
"? i've given all can, it's not enough  i've given all i can but we're still on the payroll ?"
thinks it's cruel for the master of self control to give me friggin chocolate muffins on mothers day  i love and hate them passionately   you're a cruel sob mr kunish   you and your fat cat! ps: yummmmm
is having phantom stress  i keep freaking thinking i have homework or something outside of work to do soon  but i don't!  smile  followed by sweet relief of freedom   now to clean this mess  happy mothers day to you mother truckers   
"mmm ramen   manette tonight, text me  or just show up  what evs "
" love  i see you lying next to me, with words i thought you'd never speak, awake and unafraid, asleep or dead  love "
is tired of mistaking indifference for armor   but i'm addicted to the feel of my heart racing while at the same time feeling relaxed  god has a funny sense of humor   
"trying to forget schedules already and think about more pleasant things for the 5 hr trip ahead  excited to see family, but will miss stuff up here  smile   be back soon "
"?? nothing seems as pretty as the past, though ??"
is home with a very unhappy noah   it's gonna be a long day 
"has the first 1000 or so words done for my book (3rd version)  need input of all kinds  if you're willing to help me out, pls msg me your email address!"
"is still lost in the past  i'm just not ready to be present  it's like a light switch that can't be turned back off, and i'm fine in the dark "
"""no one does  the moodle  """
do i see sheets of plastic in your future?
"moving  2 almost down, 1 to go   woohoo   "
can now <propfemale> a third passenger in her car!!
hates <propfemale> beckinsale because i am not <propfemale> beckinsale!! that being said  hot damn!
"""i feel this great, great pressure coming down on me  it's constantly coming down on me  it's crushing me """
wonders why name-changes are so e playful ensive  what's in a name anyway?
"return to the scene of the crime, unknown new and old, heaven or hell, want for familiar warmth on skin so cold, you've once again forgotton, even with scars fresh, unearned, and confused passion with the act of getting burned "
"wants to know if anyone knows anything about cheap places to rent around here   looking into viewcrest, griffin <propmale>, and bremerton gardens currently  ideally a 2-3 bedroom but am not opposed completely to one!! our lease is up in june   stressed? a little bit "
going to see death at a funeral  yay!! same movie  different culture 
is hittin the pour house with the broski!!
sometimes envies the apathetic  im tired of this sickened feeling in my stomach   good news is i'm done with school and was forced to take summer off  soo  yay   
i like it on the kitchen counter!
"wonders whhyyy there are so many april birthdays  i can understand the winter months, but there's actually more things to do in july!! like  celebrate my birthday   happy birthday you products-of-summer   "
knew something was up this morning  work sucked  part of it anyway    it'll be better tomorrow  annoyed  <propmale> for my providers of chocolate  and support too   it's all good  now <propmale> will help me forget! and i still have that book  smile 
is finished with school until fall!!  smile  now there's nothing to distract me from life  maybe that's a good thing  smile 
"has words, but words alone are nothing  knowing things alone is sadder still   feeling alone is the epitome of emptiness  share your words, share your knowing, share your feelings  they mean nothing without sharing, and you can never count on someone to assume with any measure of accuracy "
mmm coffee    followed by sleep 
sometimes likes peoples  smile  sometimes   
"is $%&**#$ deep in <propmale> history  i appreciate it and all  but tests freak me out  i know i know it, isn't that enough!??"
   i blame hemi   
ahh dex   i've missed you  it's sad to know our time will be over soon  
"there are squished peas and a <propfirst> wooten on the floor  signs of a good new years!! there's something peaceful about knowing i'm entering a new year with new friends and a better support system, and knowing i can leave all the useless baggage behind   thank you guys for coming and bringing our house to life  smile  this year is going to be a full one  wink "
   july hates the <propfemale> blood   good bye layers  sad 
", like most people, needs passion  otherwise things are just so freakin cold  it's snowing outside "
"was reminded a few times at work today it is not so bad to be ""smell-blind""  ugh   "
"is looking at reviews for viewcrest villages, griffin <propmale>, and other apartment complexes   there are lots of good and bad  if you have any personal e playful eriences please msg me! i need to find a place soon!!"
" love  promise to hold you close and pray, watching the fantasies decay, nothing will ever stay the same  all of the love we threw away, all of the hopes we cherished fade -making the same mistakes again - making the same mistakes again  love "
is tired of all the fair-weather and the sunshine somethings   
"is appreciative of new roommates, old roommates, and mitzner for helping move my sh8t and use his truck, too   thank you! i'm moved  again   for now "
never thought a flushing toilet would make her so happy  took a civil engineer to fix it! ahhh!!
yayy roomies  otherwise  i might have to do something productive  instead i'm on my 3rd episode of <propmale> 
yay!! spring semester grades are up and i didn't do as badly as i'd thought!!! 15 credits down  45 to go!!  smile     yay    
"today was much better than yesterday, and that was only the work part of it  smile  i'd say it was the dark chocolate, but i'd be lying  well, mostly   "
just got back from church where <propfirst>'s neice and nephew sang christmas songs  smile  it was so cute!!
did not know watching the smurfs trailer and discussing it would turn into such a crazy heated debate  sassett is in fact the 2nd girl smurf! so smurf you   
"""satisfaction is the death of <propfemale>"""
 love 's walkin to <propmale>'s ark for a super yummy strawberry chocolate milkshake 
seeing is believing  but certainty cheapens faith  so are we having faith or are we believing?
thinks whomever makes a psych -group- project due the day after thanksgiving is an awful awful person  why did i volunteer to put this together!??
"realizes it was a bad idea to put a good song as an alarm   now it fills me with a dread only known in relation to alarm clocks   i hate mondays"
"stole this from <propfemale> ""being a parent isn't a right, it's a privilege, the ability to have a child doesn't make you a parent  it's how you take the role that makes you a parent """
gave kid a bath  supposedly just kid  except kid decided to 'water bend' and hit me with a supersonic wave of bubble-bath water  bad kid   bad   
"just when i was e playful eriencing some really great <propfemale>, i hit a squirrel with my car  really!?? come on  sad  despite this  i'm still going to be happy  smile "
"""<propmale> <propfirst> gogh  everyone said to him, ""you can't be a great painter, you only have one ear "" and you know what he said? ""i can't hear you """""
"saturday  so happy to be out of work  no school, no kid, stress hangover  idle  rescue me, please?  smile "
mom-lady is making strawberry french toast for my birthday!!! yay   i effing love strawberries and french toast  looks like a family night tonight 
made it  despite wanting to sleep and <propmale>'s efforts to get us lost  gps my a$$    smile 
hates to love contradictory feelings  annoyed  makes about as much sense as anything  viggo will distract me   i  love  post-apoc dramas 
"'how do you kill he  who has no life"""
"bought a shit-ton of cleaning supplies at target  it's ok, i told check out girl we're hiding a body   sounds like more fun than cleaning all day   just sayin  i'm gonna need a moral boost when this is over  who ya gonna call  "
saw black swan     whoa! a pretty pleasant christmas eve  now i get to sleep in   ahhh   
made it home  back to life  back to reality  puh    
is tired of walking on eggshells while others use my eggs for omelettes and tell me it's ok because they're hungry   how did that sound dirty? anyways  e playful ectations go both ways 
is a sad cebu
just watched it's a trap  smile  amazingness 
" love  spare me your judgements and spare me your dreams, cause recently mine have been tearing my seams, i sit alone in this winter clarity which clouds my mind  love "
"was never good at poker  i always thought my cards had promise and bet too much on nothing  i still need to learn when to bet and when to call, instead of going all in on someone's bluff only to lose everything  i'm keeping my cards close this round "
today was so nice  it really makes me not want to go to work tomorrow  weird reaction maybe  still true  
is guessing the lost finale was a let down   by the general consensus that is facebook  in other news  there is a stranger sleeping on my couch   and <propmale> ate 7 pancakes  now you are informed   
tried an avacado cheesecake  i think it would have been better if called something that didn't associate it with cheesecake  but the comparison was there from the start  you know what it makes me want? strawberry cheesecake   mmm   
soooo   anyone movin out in august?
friends + staying in =  smile     now all we need are strawberries!
noooooooooooooooooo!!!!! who did it!????!
"looked up this delilahs place with high hopes and it did not disappoint  anyplace that has ""heart attack fries"" is good in my book  now if they have cookies  thursday cannot come soon enough  might also be excited for some music  i won't lie "
went to clean the french press  presser  and it came undone   begging the question of which part goes where  then when i'd reassembled that i went to put grounds in the press and the grinder brushed the glass it broke  coffee  you know i love you  why the hatin   
is stuck in poulsbo   but my book is coming along as a result of lack in distraction  win? escaping with kid later to get some ice cream from the norwegians   
"-take the time to get to know me, if ya want me why can't you just show me, we're always on this roller coaster, if you want me why can't you get closer   - ahh  i love this song like i love cake   "
"""you want to reach out and teach others some of the spiritual lessons you have learned, but you could come across too strongly  someone may question your commitment or understanding, or they could be uncomfortable with your passionate zeal "" i love horoscopes   "
"remembers why i hate wedges  they hurt my feet and they make me drive like a maniac (more so)  stillll working on that coffee i received two hours ago  lost finale? sure   haven't seen any of this season or last but i'm sure i can catch up   right ? stupid mulder   "
"made it through work today, near sleepless and phoneless  last night was fun, it was good to socialize a little bit  smile  back to dex   "
"is working tomorrow  yes  on a monday  so i'll be hatin in with all you traditional fellas   on the plus side  i am catching some zzz's tonight  they've been away far too long   "
"hey, come on try a little, nothing is forever, there's got to be something better than in the middle  me and <propfemale>, we put it all together, we can drive it home   "
had an amazing day with wifey  forgetting the whole part about work til 4   glad <propfirst>'s no longer occupied  smile 
getting ready is annoying  why can't i just be presentable? looking forward to some socializing  
"is being productive this morning rather than letting stress ravage me   thank you r + b for coming last night and for being you when i remembered, again, why i don't drink   now to pack shit up   apologies   "
loves when apples to apples turns into half-drunken arguments   i  love  family reunions
"was creeped out while watching leap year when <propfirst> lithgow came on   now all i can see is the <propfemale> killer  <propmale>'s everywhere!! today was decent  got some sun, saw friends, and had my favorite cheap wine   tomorrow will be good, too  smile "
15 more days!!!
open mic at forza!! 8 pm!! mmm coffeeee
feels like every time i have a plan  things change  out of my hands  i am blessed though  smile 
"is free this friday night  and sittin at home with <propmale>, <propmale>, and some room temp  white wine  watching firefly  ahhh yeahh    "
had fun in seattle last night even if i only caught two coldnote songs   i hate this working thing sometimes  the other bands were good too  smile  now   weekendddddd
"had an interesting morning   needless to say, i didn't end up making it to work  not sure what the plan is for oregon yet ?"
<propmale> got the bug again  he had it briefly monday morning but it went away  i thought that was too easy!! i don't get it   
made chicken and can't eat it  made coffee and can't drink it  looking at food isn't going well either  only   29 more weeks of this  february is stinking poo  my assignments are all caught up and now i'm not tired  and i have no idea where someone is  it just keeps getting better!
"i don't want to jinx anything, but three kids isn't so bad   "
is up wayyyyyyy too early  
is glad i don't have to go anywhere  it took <propfirst> 15 <propfemale> to get out of the driveway and i can still see him from here  i guess someones house behind us had a car plow into their living room  what's with the craziness??
"have i ever told anyone how awesome my brother is? for real, he is the bees knees "
out to see friends   wine sounds good  tomorrow is eclipse girls night   trying to forget it's july  the last 2 haven't been so good to me  maybe i can make august start early  grateful for my support system 
global bean tonight!! yayyy!
"the trouble with history is it repeats itself  repeatedly  tonight is going to be good   most of the people most important to me will be there without coercion  cookie, you'll be with me too ? we'll have a girls night when you get back to catch you up "
can't wait for this weekend  smile 
ran home for 'lunch'   today is speeding by   which is good because i feel extra 'special' when trying to help residents get up and i can't because i hurt my stupid back! turns out im turning 63 tomorrow  drive in = yay!
is watching book of eli  again  not a bad movie  smile  was good to see <propfemale> today and i ate wayy too much  smile  why am i tired  i slept all day   
hates this feeling 
less-than-three's you  smile  hehe
thank you for all the birthday wishes  smile  it was definitely an interesting birthday
was too late to catch coldnote last night  but it was une playful ectedly amazing anyway   dark but warm and breezy  my kind of weather  smile  not my kind of weather? the kind i'm asking everyone to endure today for kid's birthday party   
"dear head back, it is my birthday weekend  i must socialize  please stop trying to murder me  sweat pants never looked so amazing   "
"   ugh   let's try this again! once more, with feeling   "
"thanks everyone who came out for <propmale>'s birthday  he liked it quite a bit   in unrelated news, my bed is no longer confined to the floor! we're movin on up   "
"finally achieved chocolate-quest  ty manny c   mmmm    saw a few friends tonight, albeit briefly  kid won another game  cheater  now i have to read something  "
pie and ice cream is the perfect end to any <propfirst>entines day  don't know that the <propfirst> kilmer 'horror movie' adds or detracts  
loves the end of my work week when my test was done yesterday  <propfirst> and i are going to a jazz concert at the admiral after i got free tickets from work  i feel like a human today!!!  smile   smile   smile 
"wishes things would slow down for just a <propfemale>  sad  two tests due by tomorrow, lease is up next month, and the daily grind, too, and this silly job that seems to occupy all my time   "
is trying to get my social bar green tonight  loner is not one of my 5 traits!!
you ain't no weeble wobble!
"damn headache  today was supposed to be chill  no one got the memo   now i gotta make something for the ""barbacue"" at work tomorrow "
s thinking about fireworks in poulsbo tonight   depends on how many layers i can find!!
"is officially done with the apartment  while there are boxes here screaming for attention, i'm taking solace in that fact right now  smile  what a long year it's been  "
inception is playing with grown ups at the drive in this weekend!! *happy dance*
"needs a hug  eff the like button, i want a hug button  or just someone that jumps out of the closet or nearby nook or cranny and squeezes me until i laugh out the grumpiness  it's a sickness  the cure is a hug  or something stronger, if you have it   and it's returnable!!"
is sooo much colder after leaving the pool   brrrr   mmmm coffee   
has to wait til friday to watch eclipse   steve carrell is <propfemale>aving the office   i'm officially <propfemale>aving with my mommy   today is <propfemale> blah  seeing a boy soon    love 
who lived in a pineapple under the sea   
"is sneakin out later  might see inception again, since i missed the whole middle part  annoyed  might chill and try to distract myself from my evaluation tomorrow   ah!"
s hands friggin hurt from hauling plastic containers  still moving stuff  still cleaning  thinking it'd all get done today was wishful thinking  thanks for those that helped  it means a lot to me   i'll be glad when it's over   wtf does the sun have to be out the day we're lifting all heavy things1 
"""atlas was permitted the opinion that he was at <propfemale>, if he wished, to drop the earth and creep away; but this opinion was all that he was permitted """
anyone own the movie sunshine? i need to borrow  i need my cillian fix and believe it or not edge of love is getting old  
"is making blueberry strawberry frozen pie   add whip cream and you have a truly patriotic e playful erience, full of fat and sugar!!"
"big ass headphones, muse   flaky pies crusts, cutting up strawberries   no one else home    mmmmmm      smile  hopefully the fireworks will be more successful tonight   "
"just got back from seattle  we got lost a lot, but that's part of the fun, i think  smile "
   going to forget work today happened  or try to  might take a wine bottle or two 
had my first episode of morning yuckiness!! i feel bonafide now! now to work!!  smile 
"had a pretty lazy day     smile  not complaining   i don't care where you're from, it's freakin hot   "
"""doesn't that make you sad? it makes me sad   "" insert whatever pops into your mind first  "
is home with a sick kid   lucky charms were a bad idea  
is constantly trying to fit a round <propfemale> through a square hole   optimism only gets you so far!
friday night  movies  <propfemale>   productive? no  good times? heck yes  prerequisite   hitting albertsons  mmmmhmmmm    
just got home but have to run to the laundromat to dry clothes   found some things at the goodwill to turn 50's for work tomorrow!!
"ran home for lunch  need to get a storage unit, look into <propmale>'s school next year, get his doc appt set up, print send out school stuff to wsu, and start packing  ugh   why do i need so many books for fall   "
is barring herself from the 'practice' going on in the living room  my head hurts from evaluating this psych project in a lvl 300 class where no one can spell or use proper punctuation   
"is so wiped  got up at 6 smile 0, packed, moved crap all day   why did the sun have to be out today? thanks, mom, for helping so much  dunno where i'd be without you today  i didn't realize leaving would be so sad  it's been a long year, emotionally  hoping the next one will be better  smile "
wonder why the bad guy is always the 'good' guy's dad  seriously  think of another plot line 
"is ""working on"" a paper on natural vs  sexual selection  woohoo    "
doesn't wanna be up this early on my sunday   these things always sound like a plan when you first make 'em    
"thanks god for new opportunities  i've met some cool people lately, <propmale>'s got a new 'daycare' with <propfemale> i'm loving so far, and other things are starting to turn right  with all my demons exorcised and brought to light  i can only hope to get this time right  smile  i'm starting to see it   "
"""remember, nothing is certain until we're dead  and even then, i'm sure god negotiates """
looks like we're hittin mcclouds tomorrow as a pre-birthday deal  or a half-reasonable excuse to go out  not trying darts again for your safety   anyone and everyone is encouraged to join as at the drive in (or just go anyway  ) to see inception grown-ups on saturday!
nothing is more painful than sweating your ****s off while watching the timer go agonizingly slow  they should not show you the timers on treadmills  ignorance is bliss   bk was a bad idea
"1,000 down   99,000 more to go   sooo many words   "
is still up   ahhhhh  toddlers were made to kick the one leg you still were standing on  my anthro studying is on infantcide across cultures  there is not relation   
"is already yucky  who knew kicking bags of clothes downstairs could be so hard! jk   not really excited about moving, but hey   have a fun night to look forward to  smile  last night was pretty cool, too  i'm lucky to have chill friends "
"is off to work  then to the company picnic, and hopefully seeing coldnote after that  what i really want is nap   "
never finds out  til i'm head over heels
should be sleeping  it's eluding me  trying to find a distraction from stress only caused more distraction and more stress  boo  why can't we all just be happy  people have to go complicating simple things 
made it through work today and all i want to do is sleep but i have this stinkin history stuff to do~~~~
is restarting the detox tomorrow   again  telling you all so i'll be accountable!! anyone who sees me trying to cheat is fully entitled to use full power to make me regret it!
went to the mall with <propfemale> and spent too much money! but hey  it doesn't happen often  going out tonight with a semi-willing boy to open mic at portside!! yayy out of the house!!
nooooo i don't wanna go to work tomorrow! you can't make me!!!
had a good night with my bestest richellle and good night for sound parade and a bunch of realllly realllyl drunk ppls   i  love  all of you
is watching <propfirst> pilgram   what  the  fah   
"had coffee twice today, and yet not at all  hmm   well, after work   work was a coffee-induced panic attack on sedatives   i need an apartment "
"holy crap  thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! thats more notifications all at once then i ever want to see again  it's been a great birthday so far, i just got up   "
"made it through the typical work week  yay!! i love hearing ""oh shit   "" when i walk into pt  rooms  like i don't have a complex already! seeing inception tonight  for real this time "
was rescued from stressed-out frazzled day by cshells and red wine  and gerard   mmm gerard   what was i saying? oh yeah! i'm blessed to have people  smile 
is kidless and roommate less tonight   what to do   
"""why don't you eat mayonnaise? is it ok if i eat mayonnaise? i can go outside   are you addicted to mayonnaise?"""
just made it back from oregon  now i get to do homework  rah rah rah    
s going to barnes and <propmale> for some yummy coffee and mindless chitchat  <propmale> will be racing circles around the book tables before we're finished   
is in dire need of coffee and conversation  how fortunate for me those two things are available at one time   
's phone had a fight with the ocean  it lost  until i can get a new phone  i don't know that i will be reachable there     smile 
couldn't help it  i caved to my addiction and binged   got to lvl 11 in one night  i'm ashamed and proud at the same time  
thinks cyber stalking ppl on facebook is never a good idea!
"just cleared out a figurative butt-ton of pictures  i'm not interested in where i've been, but where i'm going  except for <propmale>'s, of course   "
"""icarious, who is the 5th crew member   """
has made it back to <propfemale> and <propfirst>  
just had the most amazingness food ever   mmmmmm
"i need your arms around me, i need to feel your touch  "
  it's too early    
"after reading <propfirst>'s status about being a mom and an adult, i really do appreciate the chill nights with loved ones  gone are my days of needing bars and social scenes to have a good time  i have <propfirst>, i have <propmale>, my brother, loved ones and those are all i need to be happy!!"
is off to my first book meeting  let the support begin!
"""it's like biology! which is funny because in high school i failed biology and tonight   biology failed me!"""
is movin again  one of these days i'll stay put   very grateful for all the help i've been given  and to have a place to go to  smile  we'll see how this goes   
"'s horoscope says   ""there is a big fat sexy secret in your family - someone is getting married or engaged on the sly, or they are keeping the good news about a pregnancy hidden for some reason  this could be the day when the secret gets revealed  e playful ect some interesting news today "" which one of you is it!??"
is finally watching bram stroker's dracula  i know  i know  
there's a good-lookin man in my kitchen cooking and singing along to the radio   love 
downloading perfect world   little else to distract me  playful 
got wayy too many groceries  but i live with 4 boys and am double occupied myself   looking forward tonight to  dinner for smucks and moose track ice cream with my favorite guy  both of them  
is knee-deep in <propmale> history  probably won't get out for a while  annoyed 
there is an opening for a rehab <propfemale> where i work!! if you know anyone  
"is disappearing for the next two nights   'camping'   attempting a stress free weekend, + some studying  we'll see how that works "
will be phoneless til tuesday   textless too! ahhh   
"?? and i know i was wrong, but i won't let you down  oh no, you'll always have me around ??"
"they saw it   you saw it   they know you saw it, you know they know you saw it, they know you know they know you saw it   so   let's go see a movie, yeah?"
"read more for school instead of being productive in my own goals   guess that was the push pull metaphor outined in psych: motivation   school, you win again  my goals are becoming more of a dream and less reality!"
is fortunate to live across from  the base = no power loss  we walked to safeway to get stuff to make thanksgiving pies and slipped and slided all the way there!! hills are my enemy today   
has a working cell phone again! now i can text-spam ppl once again to get minimal response!!  smile 
had one of those days where you're so tired everything is freakin hilarious    probably best because today would have sucked otherwise!!
is feeling better  who knew being absolutely unproductive could solve problems? now for homework  
"loves coming home on my friday to someone else volunteering to cook! things are going well  it's kind of creeping me out   i'm going to enjoy my free time, i don't get so much     smile "
"still has so much to do in the way of finals  my break feels too short, though i appreciated it! tomorrow it's back to the grind   "
"is pooped   had fun last night in seattle with <propfirst> and spent all day today moving some more  heels were a bad idea, my converse were taking it out on me  annoyed  why do we always move in july!?"
is feeling pretty blessed today  smile  i have a lot to be thankful for 
feels drained   thank god for friends 
had a pretty awesome day   but i'm loathe to say i'm most excited to watch <propmale> with my homies!!
's kid is 5 today   where the heck does the time go?
"""now a question of etiquette, do i give you the ass or the crotch?"""
"if anyone knows anyone in any kind of writing business, i'm looking to volunteer some time for e playful erience!! working on some freelance stuff right now"
"is going camping this weekend (yay!) and down to oregon the next to see family   oh yeah, and school started  yikes  scared to say  things are pretty good "
is down near sweet home chillin with my duck friends  alas  my days of eating whatever i want are over  hello next >8 months of nausea in the backseat  ooo spaghetti!
is at her wit's end with school and work and life in general  i can only put so much stress and effort into something not knowing if it's going to work out well or not  a more profitable <propmale> might have been a wiser choice ?
anyone know where the heck you start out looking for a place to do work study through?
doesn't appreciate familiar things as much as i should have until everything is no longer familiar   
does not want boy  i want  hottt pockkeettt
hates that stress seems to make my brain pinpoint every other questionable thing in my life as if it's come to the forefront   it's true that a <propmale> stressor makes a person react to minor ones as well  i just wish i didn't always get myself in these messes 
loves <propfirst> frost's fire and ice when viewed from the emotional spectrum  i think fire is less painful than ice 
is watching one of the lectures for a class that's been pretaped  there's a reason i went with online-only  only this guy could kill the topic of rome for me   
"""lord, beer me strength   """
is signing up for the gym today  yay    !
"really enjoyed yummy coffee, friends, and a kick-ass band or two  ok  just one  don't get all cocky   it's just what i needed after a long work week!"
is watchin nip tuck   lol
not again!!! ahhhh!!!!
"thought of a new book today  as far as productivity goes, i guess that's ok  had to leave work early because i got dizzy and got sick (before you ask, no) and had to call my mom to get me because i couldn't get ahold of anyone else  time to write a book "
going to kk's house party then to see sound parade at cafe noir (by target  smile ) about 9!! hope to see you there!  smile 
"had an awesome night  thanks <propfirst> for the awesome barbacue, woulda been cool to stay  cafe noir was pretty neat, chased some kids around   sound parade sounded good as always   it's weird nice seeing friends you haven't seen for ages (makes you feel older  ) and getting to know new people!!"
does not want to catch up on school work  you don't catch up it's always there! i keep telling myself this will turn out well one day  
"there's the high and mighty  and there's the drunken high and mighty, and i don't know which one's more effing annoying"
   hehehe     smile 
"has this whole week off and hardly seems to have gotten anything done  annoyed  why can't i go one semester without some issue with student loans? ah!! being an adult sucks  *end whining*"
is filling in some big shoes tomorrow  figuratively speaking  scary    got my tickets for the coldnote show friday!! super excited!!! happy birthday <propfemale>! come back soon  sad 
it sounds like people may be at global bean again tonight   mmhmmm    
"is really thinking about taking these semester off (meaning still full time school, but only working saturdays) if i ever were going to, this would be the good time to  i'll worry about those student loans later  brought to you by: anticipating another stressful semester!"
"is sooo appreciative of <propfirst>, mitzner, and <propfirst>, for your trucks and for your muscles  cleared my whole storage unit  well  after one more car trip  now i have to hit the laundromat  ugh  but i really wouldn't have been able to do anything with out those guys  <propfirst>'s fussing with the entertainment system even now  "
is somehow watching teeth again   again! omg   
everyone wants to be <propmale>'s rachel  but what happens when you really are a <propfemale> or <propfirst> or <propfemale> or  anyone else that isn't meant to be?  i want the real thing 
"has one test completed, housing situation slightly sunnier  other things are still getting rained on  ugh?"
loves mornings when you wake up and everything feels just right  hoping this newfound happiness trascends long enough for me to commit to the gym!!
"?? darlin', you've got to let me know   ??"
achieved a lot today but still have to hit the laundromat so i'll have clothes for work and do my test on history of rome!! ah!
is up wayy too early   
"has thursdays off now  need to get on top of schoolwork already  tomorrow night, however, i will be looking for an escape or distraction of some kind   humor me and if you have my number, text me, i most likely don't have yours   my sand-free phone is vacant"
"missed work today  my paycheck's gonna be lovely  i don't know what i ate last night, but it wasn't worth all these extra activities  "
"is trying out a new healthy eating system  ty so much <propfemale>!!  the catch   no caffiene, alcohol or yummy sweets   i give my coworkers full use of action without consequences if they see me violate this "
"""it seems to me the problems you worry yourself sick about never seem to materialize  it's the ones that catch you une playful ectedly on a wednesday afternoon that knock you sideways "" - alfie"
is ridiculously infatuated   
thinks it's ridiculous to miss someone you see all the time   doesn't mean i won't do it  smile 
about to take my online test for anthropology  i'd be nervous but i have some kick ass tunes to keep me chill  smile ?
"the great news is, after all that fun at work, i get to come home to this!"
is cleaning moving in the broski today   getting rid of half my crap i swear  why are all three tests scheduled for the 15th!?? who wants to study? better question  who has an n64 i can buy off them   
 love 's live music in the living room  even if it is the sammeee songgsss     smile 
"three couples have gotten engaged over the past 3 days according to facebook  grawr  i mean  happy for you all! what is it about january!!?!"
is not doing so well in classes  but seeing as it's <propmale> year for me  that's a whole lot of slacking finally catching up with me  time to look at the books  ?
" love  but it was not your fault but mine and it was your heart on the line  i really messed it up this time, didn't i, my dear?  love "
"wants to know   would you keep your gift and keep your pain, or lose your pain and lose your gift as a result?"
"yesterday's motivation was rolled over by today's steam-truck called headache morning sickness   i had an epiphany yesterday!! maybe this was one of god's challenges, i managed to do my school work, but otherwise curled up in a useless ball  "
"was rescued by anxiety today by my favorite cookie  thank you so much, lady, for being awesome and lending an ear  now i have a plan and, soon, a calendar   "
"""and when you fast, don't make it obvious, as the hypocrites do, for they try to look miserable and disheveled so people will admire them for their fasting  that is the only reward they will ever get  when you fast, comb your hair and wash your face  then no one will notice that you are fasting, except your father, who knows what you do in private  and your father, who sees everything, will reward you """
hide <propfemale> kids! hide yo wife!?
i don't wanna take my test on cognition!! all that'll tell me when i don't do well is i can't remember anything!
it's a short road to lose yourself when you start compromising on all your e playful ectations 
"oh geez  i saw <propfemale> <propfemale> cupcakes in silverdale was having a grand opening tomorrow  but i resisted  now i see two of my friends are going   will power!! ahhh!!! mmm cupcakes   "
has that feeling you get when you know you have the next couple days off   ahhhh    
"wants to hit the aquarium tomorrow  noah hasn't been since he was  2? something like that? all i remember is he passed out in the food court  now he could actually make it through a whole seattle trip    i miss nap time  "
wishes some things would go away with enough wishing  but some things are meant to stay with you forever 
is in a house full of kids  2 little pastors and an <propmale> <propmale>!?
"in something i call model-parenting, <propmale> and i just started batman forever  the kid plays lego batman all the time  he should see some personification of the riddler and two face   and i haven't seen my kid all day  so    playful "
"craves hot chocolate  due to someone mentioning it  stephen and i are walking to the gas station  also because skyler is a pretty, pretty <propfemale> "
"'s stress is still sky-high after work today  at least <propfemale> was there too  just need a little red wine and life will be dandy!!! ahhhhh!!! camping in two days  smile ?"
has an elliptical! time to get off my butt and move it!!
"is totally deleting facebook in the next few days  pls be sure you have my email address and my number if you want to stay in touch!or play wow   "
has all this school work to watch via the web and all i want to do is play sims wow!
is making pie number two with an awesome <propfirst> stasi  smile   love 
"hears ""oh crap it's you"" all day at work  it's nice that someone's happy to see me! he even gave me an air five, too!"
is signed up for spring classes  le sigh   
"needs to finish my <propmale> final today, run some errands, make some pies, go to a christmas party and then to some yummy coffee and music  smile  ahhhh    "
is starting m&m's cna program in january  smile  it's time for a change   now though  supposed to leave in 15 mins for the therapy christmas party and no boyfriend    humph   
uhhhh   christmas is going to be a little late this year  procrastinating involuntarily - it just so happened all those snow days thanksgiving had to hit the paycheck before christmas  so   keep that in mind if you don't get anything yet!  smile 
"loves going out, but nothing beats chill time with my favorite roomy  smile "
"wait  so  because funding was cut with dshs, i no longer qualify? they want me to pay 500 a month just so i can go to work??? starting to see the benefits of hardly working and living off welfare  annoyed  jk   mostly   "
"if anyone has a used treadmill elliptical they would like off their hands, for free or for cheap   let me know    i need one!!"
"has a paper due tomorrow and three extra credit shorter papers available to do until tonight, and kiddo is sick again  lovely   who needs sleep anyway? i don't mind a challenge or so but it seems like they're always coupling up against me  surprisingly, my paper is on parental attachment  in otherwords   why we don't eat our own young   "
is home with a sick kid  i saw this one coming  it started with the minor   i was fortunate to have my worst part over the weekend  i won't pretend not to appreciate the study time  
" love  oh now there's a place for you and me, where we can dream as big as the sky  i know it's hard to see it now, but baby someday we're gonna fly  this road we're on, you know it might be long, but my faith is strong, it's all that really matters   love "
satisfaction is the death of <propfemale>
it's 1 1 11!!! make a wish!!
"fears came alive at work today  messed up orders, last minute changes, end of month year fun, and phone calls with impatient ppl are a great way to spend your last day! now for 7 days off!! yay!    and it's time for our new years party! i hope you like spaghetti   "
had an amazing mexi-mocha with hemp milk from sublime espresso  mmhmmm    
"""rule 17: never turn your back on a grizzly, men you have wronged, or the dominant turkey during mating season "" <propmale> schrute"
"had a semi successful movie party that was $#% $%&^*& by the musically inclined  thanks   but it was good to see people  smile ?"
back from seattle  my fingers are still freezing  missed two ferries somehow (on our way over and on our way back)  still managed to have fun  but baby is taking away the joy that is coffee hot chocolate!! i want it back!
"had <propfemale> + attachment over last night, <propfirst> may have stopped by too   i need to have people over more often! we may have watched a <propmale> <propmale> film  still don't know how i feel about that  i forget how weird our conversations could be!!"
heading down to oregon with the boys  smile  excited to see family 
is selling the tickets i have for comedian <propmale> burr for nov  27th in seattle  if you're interested let me know! i'll sell them to you cheaper depending on how much i like you   ?
"sees that light at the end of the tunnel  hoping it's not a train!"
    if it snows like it did last time   i'm staying home!
knows it's early but i'm super excited for baby girl  smile  it's like i'm excited enough for two!  playful  someone needs to be!
is a very lucky person  love ?
is waiting to go!!!!
"has anyone read water for elephants? i'm told it's good, and the movie's coming out  i'm supposed to be studying writing my own darn book, but reading others ppls stuff is so much easier!"
is sooo excited for tomorrow  smile  that is   tomorrow after work!!!
is amazed there are still cars just barely moving in front of our house  nothing nearby is open  good day to make a pie   
" love  i won't always love what i'll never have, won't always live in my regrets  you'll sail alone forever if you wait for the right time, what're you hoping for? i'm here and now i'm ready, holding on tight, don't give away the end, the one thing that stays mine  love "
finished the #((#@*(# group project  submitted it last night before midnight  my work week is done  shaking off the hangover stress by chilling at home eating yummy leftover mash potatoes and stuffing from sharons!!
is sooo excited to finally announce to everyone <propfirst> stasi and i will be having a baby!!  smile  we're due in august!
"got to stay an hour over because there was still a ton to do when i should have left!! yayy auditing, walks, phone calls and pps!! i am excited i got my secret <propfemale> present though!! and our department party is going to be at taprock! who knew??"
"kid is doing ok  just tucked into bed at a reasonable hour  studied fair enough  going to exorcise one of these finals tonight and do one tomorrow after work  then i might be human again   thank you all for putting up with me!! those that do    wink "
"thinks it's funny with all the cartoon pics  most all are associated with a song or songs  and every time i see one i think of that song  thank god no one has     nooo   nooo@@!!!!"
" love  there's nowhere left to hide, in no one to confide  the truth burns deep insideand will never die   love "
"has mapped out all my readings for school  and now i'm going to start my fantasy ""for fun"" practice novel  everybody needs a little romance  why not make it up?"
"?? and if your strife strikes at your sleep, remember spring swaps snow for leaves, you'll be happy and wholesome again, when the city clears and sun ascends ??"
forza!!
had a project due and waited way too long to start it  and i'm spending energy in all the wrong places  constantly being reminded of my repeatedly bad decisions 
has the most awesome boyfriend ever  love 
"is royally effed  strangely, i'm not that upset about it "
"""oh, what do you know? n surprise ne's going up to you and saying, ""hi, is that your nostril? mind if we push this pot roast through it?"""
is looking up hiking trails  there are bunch near port <propfemale> and some tougher ones near forks   i want to actually see some stuff!!
finished the psych part  tomorrow i'm conquering rome  again 
feels like i'm balancing on a chair with two legs    these classes are going to kill me!! and if they don't there are a plethora of frustrations waiting after them!!
"starting my detox aka ""clean diet"" again!! i keep reminding myself baby's eating what i'm eating so i can't eat terribly!! if anyone else wants to eat well with me, i could use some teamwork  "
"is unmarried  i apologize for all the stress it must bring on your conscious  i will settle with god when it is my time to do so  unfortunately, despite your white slate (i am assuming it is white, if you are drawing notice to my sin yourself) i will not settle with you, and owe no e playful lanation  despite your view, i am happy and my relationship is more solid than any that could be achieved by a patched-up wedding "
"what   rape is not rape anymore!?? i'm so confused!! of all things, is this really something to pick apart now?"
"loves that i can sleep in til 1 and still go to church at 6!! now if only my textbooks would read themselves  "
"the waiting game is fun  the more time you put in it, the more stubborn you are to stay until something happens, because otherwise you've just wasted a lot of time  but you're still wasting time and nothing's happened  so what're you waiting for? because you feel it could come at any minute  keep waiting   "
"has a fever, and nothing's staying down  this feels more like the first time  i've googled some stuff but does anyone know what's safe to take while preggo??"
finally got water for elephants!! excited to read it before the movie comes out in april!!
"""speak softly and <propfemale> a big stick; you will go far"" in other words  studying <propmale> <propmale> "
is going to enjoy a good night with some good friends and see <propfemale>'s hubby and <propmale> play at global bean!! if only there were wine   tonight would be perfection 
need to buy a washer dryer that work right!! please let me know if you know of anyone selling or getting rid of a set 
movie night with my most awesome roommate  love  i love these nights
   going to extremes has met a new ridiculous level  glad someone got what i was actually referring to and didn't take one part of it that had little to do with it as the whole problem   that would be stupid 
"had so much fun at forza last night watching torre!! thank you brookelyn spicer, <propfemale> luce, <propfemale> dimof, <propfemale> <propmale> durnal, and my usual friends and others for making the night awesome!"
"if something is ambiguous, there's no telling what you have  "
up before 7!! woowoo!!
global bean tonight!! yayyy hot chocolate!! and music   
happy valentines day!! the best part is this is this year's valentines day and not last valentines day so  it's amazing by default  smile  and i'm with a pretty awesome person  smile 
call center is closed at one  i called at 12:15  still holding at 12:45   ugh
"is conscious way too early, and all so the doctor's office can take my blood  this is a lose lose situation!"
so   teddy <propmale> was kind of a dbag  and a <propmale> racist  kind of hurts the whole <propmale> bear image 
"soo  stomach in full recovery, showing <propmale> how to make chocolate covered strawberries turned in to us eat chocolate covered strawberries  "
finished my psych 470 paper on the motivations of eating unhealthy eating while eating a heaping bowl of top ramen  mmm    
anyone wanna see the goo goo dolls on march 5th?
"thought the little dude was finally feeling better  or that i'd be able to talk today  neither is entirely true, but there is some silver lining in cuddling and watching <propmale> & <propfirst> way too early in the morning  "
communication is underrated  you can learn a lot by voicing things and realizing people aren't guessing your thoughts  but where's the mystery in that?  smile 
"?i think i know what's on your mind, a couple words, a great divide  waiting in the wings, a small respite, crawling out the foreground from behind even though you're the only one i see, it's the last catastrophe place your bets on <propmale> and apathy ?"
"what's love without confidence? certainty cheapens faith, and uncertainty renders it too costly an endeavor   to quote dwight: ""i feel like part of what i'm being paid for here is my loyalty  but if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly, i'm going wherever they value loyalty the most """
"""girls are taught a lot of stuff growing up  every movie we see, every story we're told implores us to wait for it, the third act twist, the une playful ected declaration of love, the exception to the rule  but sometimes we're so focused on finding our happy ending we don't learn how to read the signs """
just finished water for elephants  wow  studying just looks awful now 
i tried!!
"made the mistake of going on etsy   bad idea  i now own a super cute maxi dress  still  bad idea "
was mortified to find one of my more snug pairs of pants will not button   why!?? this is too soon!!
called out today because of kid and ended up feeling sick instead  karma   or baby  i'll be a peach to work with tomorrow though  more or less  i'd like to point out that what i have is wrecking me but is not contagious  unless you work at northwoods lodge  or are associated with torre sound parade  yeah   
"??why do you sing to everybody but me? i just sit back and watch you are the daydream in my eyes, there whenever i wake upbut the colors never crystallize and i never get enough??"
"13 weeks  my bump jumped out from nowhere  and these cramps i keep getting are my belly stretching apparently  it's a beautiful thing   and   i ate skyler's ice cream  i should feel bad "
"my belly feels like i was beaten with baseball bats and dont remember it  at least i know i'm not (too) crazy, <propfemale> mentioned whatever it's called  internal beating or something like that   good news is tylenol wasn't on the list of coping mechanisms taken from me!!"
isn't used to being productive this early  i'm at a loss for what to do right now  i know what <propfirst> would do   maybe i should do that 
"making meatloaf, mash potatoes and broccoli (<propmale>'s fav)!!!  excited to start cooking more "
"doesn't get it!! i get so much done at work! but between homework before 10 am, grocery shopping, lunch dinner, and cleaning the kitchen  it's 8 surprise 0!!! where did today go?? why did my cookies deflate!?? whose dirty dishes snuck on the counter!!escaping reality   i'm playing wow   "
"is home with 3 kids, soon to be 4, and is super excited to get the dishes done without a hitch! slacking with the cooking tonight in leiu of yummy chili!!i need to get out of the house soon  i'm becoming one of those those facebook people   and i got some cute bump-savvy dresses   "
"first ""doctors"" appt!! finally!! excited for baby stasi   then dressing up just because and dragging my favorite boys out for some day-fun   i smell coffee   "
"found out lots of stuff  more importantly, we'll have our ultrasound between 16-18 weeks, so between march 12-march 26th we'll know our baby girl is a baby girl!! yayyy!! i can't wait to see her!!"
suggested a movie night in with dessert for a date night  stephen suggested deer <propmale> because i haven't seen it  must be love! lol
found a sitter tomorrow with everyone being sick (again) lol   now just watching the snow   
sooo saturday there's this improv show in seattle and i wanna go! it has the guys who play vork and zaboo from the guild! anyone with me?
"my car is <propfirst>ed  and not literally   blew my tire this morning, took it to work and there it sits  it is in time out until i find a <propfirst>!!"
"inspirational evening at newlife with <propfirst>, his mom and sister  followed by garlic chicken   yummmm  evening spoiler: procrastinated assignments   cure? girl scout ice cream "
"going to the bar tonight! wait  that's not me  top gear party? no    a yummy raspberry mocha and my leather writing journal at global bean tonight?? that was me a year ago, but old habits die hard  smile and   open mic night!! come visit your favorite local starving artists!! buy them wine and they'll dance for you! pretty sure  "
uh  it's really creepy that now facebook guesses who'se who when you go to tag  and is usually right  pretty funny though when they think a woman is one of your guy friends  
"thinks it won't be so hard to lose my mind one day when i can be ignorant to the fact i lost it  being fully aware of losing your mind is very frustrating, when you realize your folly and your brother is giving you that look that says ""you lost yo *&$^ mind "" and no amount of tears will make you feel any smarter in unrelated news  i do still have the coffee creamer i bought yesterday   "
"?? and i never wanted anything from you, except everything you had and what was left after that too  happiness hit her like a bullet in the head  struck from a great height by someone who should know better than that  ??"
sold goo goo dolls tickets via craigslist just to find a crib and graco to buy with the money   
"people never fail to shock or surprise me  annoyed  i am blessed to know several people that, despite a lacking facade, know right from wrong and don't pretend "
thank you everyone who came to the show last night!! and held out afterward to see our <propfirst> and amara!! a special thanks to <propfemale> masch for stoppin in on her birthday!  smile  hope you feel better lady!!
"""it's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy "" my best friends wedding"
"dear head: pls stop hurting  i have a test in psych 470 on wednesday and a test in history on friday   you pick some very bad times to make me useless  soft tacos tonight  i'm not winning house-wife of the year anytime soon   "
"totally felt baby girl today  i don't care what the book says!! it was awesome!! now she won't come back   probably had to do with me rubbin her   i was excited   i feel like <propfemale> on the office ""i saw it! i saw it! i saw it, and it was awesome! did <propmale> say i didn't see it? i saw it!"""
"?? all for freedom and for pleasure, nothing ever lasts forever, everybody wants to rule the world ??"
"isn't looking forward to my proctored test, but i am grateful that i can wake up with my kiddo, enjoy a yummy cup of coffee, and know today is going to be pretty awesome  after my test  "
"seems like everyone and their sister is pregnant right now  glad i can be trendy for once! i don't frequent bars, i don't stay out til 2 am like most people my age seem to do, never tried drugs, but i can be pregnant and love that!  smile "
"whole grain spaghetti, turkey meatballs and vodka sauce   so glad baby is letting me eat today!! i won't mention how many boxes of girl scout cookies i have stashed in my room  "
"you really see the power of god when you realize how easily he forgives, and how hard it is for man to do the same  our past shapes us into who we are today, but somethings are harder to get over than others, particularly in the land of facebook, when our past can follow us whether we like it or not   got to love it   "
"is a little late, but i'm giving up facebook for lent  which is funny  because it's the source of everyone gabbing about what they're giving up and all  but god knows how much time i waste on facebook  and since i'm late i'll extend a few days passed easter to make the full 40   every time i think about getting on, i'll think of how to better enrich my relationship with god  so  i'll be doing it more!!"
"   ewww   the transient downstairs is making awful noises  i've never been prone to gagging based on a noise before "
kid is sick   again  the other night he freaks me out by waking me up after he got a bloody nose (it was like a scorcese movie  ) and he hasn't even been around anyone whose been sick the past few weeks!! why!? poor guy is holding his tummy and saying it hurts   i'm going to see if people will let me work sat sun so i don't keep missing but   why does everyone keep getting sick!?
"kid still is icky, i'm tired and my nose won't stop running, and baby is making all food look like poison   crazy-painting-guy says i look stoned  haha  i am blessed to have so many good days to make this one seem less-than-stellar "
"one of god's challenges for me is anger  i've gotten better  jesus washed the feet of he who betrayed him  i do have trouble with those who wrong the ones i love more than those who've wronged me  i just can't get rid of that urge to punch that person in the face and then, i could forgive them   that's not right is it   maybe its the hormones  "
"feeling like you're found only to realize you're more lost than you were originally  is probably worse than feeling lost  but now, i'm just lost  "
"finals are coming! i can see the light on the other side, but it's more like indiana jones, where the door is slowly closing on it  i can't wait to be done  "
"""<propfirst>'s chasing kimmy?"" ""yes!"" ""you're chasing <propfirst>?"" ""yes!"" ""whose chasing you? nobody  get it?""    watching my favorite movie "
"""today's new <propfemale> may bring you an opportunity to sign some type of loyalty oath during the next few weeks, cancer, which could be very good news for those of you who have been looking for work  great strides can be made in your career right now, and your efforts are likely to be aligned with the demands and needs of your family  you may have to accept more obligations in your personal life """
" love  you painted me in pastel,colors that don't tell of any boldness that's the way you'd love to see me annoyed o delicate, so weak, so little purpose but your eyes are drawn of charcoalthey're black, they're so cold, they're so imperfect because they see a sleeping world,where waking isn't worth it   love "
"which came first, the depression or the stock market crash? if anyone wants to answer this, with cited works, in a proper paper, i will accept    "
"our living room is done  it's so beautiful!! the walls are a gorgeous deep blue, the trim windows door are decked in a light cream color, and it looks great with the wood floor  so proud of my boyfriend for being so awesome  smile "
"dear depression period: there's a reason why you sucked, and writing about how much you sucked is just, well   depressing   hoover did it "
annddd    it's a girl!! surprise!!
"finishing my history homework, with <propmale> playing ""<propfemale>' songs on the keyboard, jaron & skyler arguing over the nutrional value of various soups, and <propfirst> disappearing, and <propfirst> never showing up  my productivity - win  band practice night - fail "
"is having an off day  not bad, or awful, but off  but home is where to fix that  now how to fix what i did to my hair  spoiler alert: getting your hair changed is only a pick-me-up if done right!"
   you know it's time for bed when you're googling 'fail' and laughing wayyy too hard at really dumb stuff   
"is now working at nwl sat sun, subbing for <propfemale> m-f possibly, and it's time for finals  i still have that 5 yr old somewhere, i don't know what he ate last, and the next person that decides to gripe to me about how bored they are is doing one of my papers   and the kitchen  oh the kitchen  "
 love  20 weeks  smile   love 
is looking into the case <propfemale> program at oc  anyone know about this? it's only 19 credits so i could take a class here or there in addition to wsu and it would put me in a slightly psychological field 
"had to be at the library at 10 am to look at a newspaper from the depression for my 5 <propfemale> paper, but i'm still up doing stuff for one of my psych classes  it'll all be over soon!!!"
is going crazy with final projects  but i'm super excited about the silverdale ymca!! it'll open when i'm all done with classes!!
is really saddened by our court system  it seems like the laws and lines put in place to protect abuse from the system now translates to people getting off free for nearly everything 
"as many times as i seem to find faults  when i see how awful people can be and when i remember my own past ventures, i am extremely grateful to have someone to love who is just plain amazing  smile  and without sounding overly confident, i'm glad he has me too!"
"my hair is white  hoping to fix this soon, with the help of a roommate   hopefully the result will not be even worse  i'm not opposed to wigs  or i will just fix it again "
"finished my big history project!! on time!! and now i'm going to play wow because it's friday, <propmale>'s at his dads house, and i'm just wild and crazy like that!!"
"it's funny how god brings you to where you need to be, but not exactly in the way you'd think  while my road isn't without regret, i can't say that things didn't turn out perfectly   there were a lot of things i needed separated from long enough to realize what they were doing to me, and people i needed to be around long enough to realize a good thing when i saw one "
"?? well i been thinking 'bout the futurebut i'm too young to pretendit's such a waste to always look behind youshould be lookin' straight ahead ??"
made it through today with no coffee!! yay!! but with everything i've been eating all day i'm only at 1500 calories  who knew eating healthy was so ridiculous! time for some brown rice broccoli   
day #2 of detox  starting to miss coffee  hoping the whole headache ickiness doesn't accompany today!
can't hear the x-files theme song without a shudder and involuntary flashbacks  so   stephen made it his cell phone ring  this is filled out to completion with a drawn out sigh of defeat 
"it shouldn't be this hard!! i want ice cream, i want cheese, i want a bagel, i want a freakin baked potato   it's funny that coffee isn't even that important  cheese ice cream are the front runners   day 2 almost done  and health doesn't come easily!"
hope comes from une playful ected places  
taking the kiddos to the park  they're great distractions from all my food issues!!
"just finished the blind assassin by <propfemale> atwood  i love that woman  she's dark, crazy, and wickedly talented  i really thought i guessed what happened this time, and i was so wrong  got to love it! i'm convinced that you have to be crazy to write really, really well!"
day 4: feeling a little better  reached a good calorie count by adding evoo and avocados (and almonds!)  still having a hard time drinking all the water with my little passenger 
is extremely shocked and saddened to find that you can't even order girl scout cookies online  why!?
"""look at her standing there will those yams  my two greatest enemies, <propmale>  <propfemale> green and complex carbohydrates """
uploaded some of the pics i took at nwl on <propfirst>'s last day!! we'll miss you  annoyed 
at starbucks  getting my studying on  i realized if i want to spend more money for a mfa in creative writing i have to get good grades  
"?? and mother always told me be careful who you love, be careful what you do, cuz the lie becomes the truth ??"
day six of no coffee  i'm still alive!
"""satisfaction is the death of <propfemale>"""
"people have a way of letting you know exactly how important you are to them  and to ignore this is to create problems for yourself  everything's clear in hindsight  keep excusing their behavior and e playful ecting a different result, see how far you go "
"finished my detox! i was a little concerned because i lost 6 lbs, but i was taking in around 2000 calories a day (and eating all day) and i was only drinking water   but i'm at my pre-pregnancy weight at 21 weeks  annoyed  this week i'm bringing back dairy wheat so baby can have her fat!"
such a beautiful <propfemale> day for a baby to be born  laugh 
just got back from the hospital  smile  <propfemale> and jaron have such a cute baby!! and nine pounds! wooo!
made grilled avocado and brown rice with tilipia for lunch while <propmale> was chasing <propfirst> around while lawnmowing because it's just super cool  <propmale> kept bringing me flowers  he was so excited about it i didn't have the heart to tell him they were weeds   
"you know  it's funny, because i like twilight  i really do  but at the same time, it breaks my heart to see good actors join the upcoming cast  because the movies  yeah  they're not so good "
i get on <propmale> about procrastination all day  and here i am staring at my history paper  thinking of what else i might do instead 
grateful to have adult roommates  smile  well  mostly    there seems to be a constant stream of newspapers that leave a trail to <propmale>'s room  but if that's our only problem we're doing good!
water for elephants comes out on friday  i am already thinking of who i'm going to coerce into going with me  i don't have many willing participants 
"it's almost noon, but i keep falling asleep! <propmale> kept getting up early on and baby waits til i'm laying down to start kicking!! it's too soon   "
should be sleeping  but i was off and on all day  silly sleep cycles  world of warcraft ftw!
school does not appreciate good friday  putting my final for cognition due by the end of today? not so good  but i'll appreciate it anyhow  jesus made a much bigger sacrifice!
so this class is called cognition and memory and seems to be laughing at my lack of both  for once in a long time i'm actually terrified of a test 
"""always the padawan, never the jedi"" -<propmale>"
"is human  with the end of the semester nearing, and my ever-absent brain working against me, i am succumbing to stress, doubts, and anger   i fell off the coffee bandwagon today  i would like to thank my favorite roommate for putting up with my &%$# lately   he deserves an award or something   "
had an awesome dayyy! i got the roommate outside in the sun and we saw water for elephants!! awesome movie!
"""what? they're not coming to something that has no men and no booze? that is shocking!"""
"i get ready for work this morning, and my roommate is not here  i come home from work and he's not here  i guess the relief is that i don't like this  sad  good news is  i'm ready for my nap   "
"tired  and not sure if i'm working tomorrow or not   1 class down, 2 to go  not thinking about those at the moment! sun, come out tomorrow  pleaseee"
looking at school work at the other job while things are slow  reading about wwii and all i see in my head is inglorious basterds   
"figured out how to make baby girl move today  smile  i worried about not feeling her before, and now she's keeping me up all night  going to bed, and if anyone tries to contact me before noon tomorrow  there will be blood "
"""your friends love you  if i knew nothing else of you, that would be enough """
i've discovered the worgen class of wow   productivity today is shot   this one actually has storyline!! and it's like a little england! best of both worlds? i think so  we'll leave out any comparisons to twilight  
"you can tell a lot about people by who they surround themselves with, but ppl still act surprised when they ""discover"" who ppl really are  if it's always new people, they probably don't care too much for deep relationships   if it's all party-people, they're not gonna chill with you  i'm scared because    i'm surrounded by anti-social people  what does that tell you?"
really motivated to work out  smile  the bremerton y has cycling classes and women-only weight classes that'll help me ease into working out 4-5 days a week and at my own preggo-pace!!
taking <propmale> to the y in bremerton for a toddler class while i go work out! it's been a while  it's a little scary
io sono perso di nuovo   
"going back to work out  my legs are protesting from yesterday, and i'm still sickish, but <propmale>'s excited for the construction class! who knew exercise support would come from the 5 yr old  "
got over feeling lousy by going to the gym then going out for coffee and some bare-necessities grocery shopping   though it felt more productive  i still have the urge to just go to bed and cover myself up and shut out everything  fortunately the child does not allow for this kind of emo tendency  and i slept over 10 hours last night 
"not understand what my issue was with indifference  it's so easy to get things done when you're indifferent to everyone else  the emotionally-suppressed may be on to something  i'll channel it long enough to finish the next week of school, then go back to having feelings  "
"maybe it's finals this upcoming week, or cold i've had the last few days, or the pain in my arms and legs from working out, or my stomach feeling like it's stretched over night or my demanding bladder, but i hate life right now  i don't care how stupid that sounds  the worst part of it is feeling like if i get up early enough i can get coffee before work, like that'll fix everything   a girl's gotta have something "
two finals due may 6th and i'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel   ! there goes this week   
" love  sweet like <propfemale> to my soul   sweet you rock and sweet you roll   lost for you, i'm so lost for you  love "
i guess it's good to still miss someone after a year  smile  working less and him working more is just strange  and now i have no excuse to miss the gym  
doesn't remember when she settled for the responsibilities of marriage minus the dress-up party   i'm protesting  starting with the kitchen!
sometimes people don't find answers because they don't want to know   but knowing you don't want to know isn't so different from knowing is it?
"if anyone knows anyone with manic bi-polar disorder and wouldn't mind answering some silly questions i have for my book, please message me  i don't need to know who the person is and it will be kept private unless you e playful ress otherwise  i do not need any more information on narcissism  i'm all caught up  "
taking <propmale> to a tumble bears class and going running  hoping to shake off this gray
"it shouldn't be so hard to find someone that values you as much as you value them, in friends or lovers  on the other hand, how would movies and books sell it otherwise? no one likes reading about something easily obtained in real life  "
"loves that cinco de mayo is an excuse for people to drink  as if those people -need- an excuse  it's also thursday, which could be reason enough for some people   where is the excuse not to drink? yeah  i'm pregnant, and working on my finals   and still caffiene-free  i miss my addiction of choice  "
 love  24 weeks  love  it seems to be going faster  finals being finished tomorrow will be one less thing to slow down time!
writing my psych thesis on motivations of love and lust in a relationship and i realize   my son can read really well now  it's a sad day when you can't keep your kids in the dark anymore!! one more day of school  i'm counting the hours 
"""the night is always darkest before <propfemale>""  melodramatic maybe but  it fit today with these *&^% papers   finals are funny because it's this final squeeze on you before releasing you to adult life in time for summer "
"finishing my psych paper on love & lust only to be reminded how dull psychologists are when referring to romantics   i'm not sure if they're talking about humans or animals  instead of 'the one' or 'love making"" we have ""human pair bonds"" and ""mate copulation""  there's a reason i'm interested in literature and not science  "
"for mothers day  got my profile pic of my grandma and my mom  missing my family in oregon  and my red hair   that was about a year ago   !!  happy (early) mother's day to all of you  family, hope to see you soon!"
 love  had the best roommate ever  love 
fact: 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy   
mothers day gift? sleeping   which is what i did yesterday after work  and probably what i'll do tomorrow after work as well  my habits are becoming awful  but  no school!
"   <propmale>'s been up sick since 4, which makes me wonder after i made him eat last night  annoyed  last two days of work were busy, braxton hicks galor, and now i've had little sleep and i'm ready to hurt somebody  and grades still aren't posted   sleep, why do you elude me   and kid "
"feels better!! the fix? dishes while watching smoking aces 2  followed by my best friend's wedding songs on youtube   i didn't say it made sense! still waiting for kid to get some sleep  don't know that it'll happen soon, but either way, i get to work tomorrow!"
