352
91607935d5929b663e3d935f6e73a9d8
42
+
hey where are my pictures  good morning
come join me and play sex games...lol...im serious
"kids they grow up so fast....slow down, sit in the floor, have tea with the <propfemale>, a cookie or two, a memory that will last a life time!!!"
my life is a disney circus ride....my mind wonders....my body is tired...my sense they hurt to the touch....my hair lays broken....my feelings what are they....my heart broke and feel to pieces.....but my will to live is strong....
"love truely, live happily, dream big, laugh whenever, smile often and trust in the one's that matter the most to do the right thing with loving thought's and trusting heart's"
happy to just be breathing
i hate the world and then some....but i love the world at the very same minute...
i've been at home sick enjoying hanging out with the kids....learned alot today ...especially from my daughter sometimes we say alot but nothing that really matter's...but if you turn that leaf over there's alot on the other side....
if you can't find away to love you'r self....how is someone else supposed to love you...misery don't  love company...
"why is loving someone always so damn hard? love, laugh & pray often/and do right by other's they might pay it forward!!! smile often...."
we lost our first game last night....and a few of the player's are injured....including my son...they played hard...i'm proud....we play thursday night...and we have a cross country meet...say a prayer for these kids...
i hate fake self loving human's!!! why are people so fake?? and does any of the human race really know what love is...no....it's just another word to get what you want from sssomeone else....
good luck <propfemale> at you'r cross country meet today...raining a usuasl so be careful...143 mom
<propfemale> if you feel lost maybe you should put the computer down and talk to you'r family because we love you and will help you any way possible....love mom
me and my kids were just hanging out and the song me and my daughter posted we were signing if you can imagine two teenager's doing that with there mom...lol
going to the hill's for the day!!! going to go make some jelly....hopefully it turns out well....
i wish this messed up life...all the luck in the world....because it's just another messed up place to be....with nothing that really matter's in it...
i am really proud of my kids tonight....heather thank you for calling to tell me that  you and you'r friends made it home safe for the night..zack you got on a bus at 6a going to all regional choir triouts....there were 36 that tried out....with 20 seats up for grab's...zack you got 9th chair out of 20...congradulations....too both of you 143...mom
"just having another long day.....in the neighbor hood....love truely...laugh often...dream big....smile daily....live for the people you love truely, deeply and forever...."
i need new brain mine is tired and lost....and wants to just run away...lol...
<propfemale> you are completely right....you are an inspiration to me and a joy to have in my life...you are my pride and joy even when we butt heads....143 mom
i have nothing at all too say...just being me...so deal with it....maybe something inspirational next time....
say a prayer for the southerners we play riverview tonight....we a 4-0.....these are some big boys.....hope they all make it home safe post results after the game....
"i am wishing the people who read this a very <propfemale> christmas.....happy birthday, jesus!!! may everyone find something to thank god for....family prayer be sure to do this today...a family that pray's together stay's together....from my family to you'rs"
<propmale> just got home and he is wore out...madrigals tonight....and tomorrow night...i voluteered to do dish's tomorrow night after the dinner and show...mrs. weaver and mr. hall done a wonderful job....our choir teacher's....congradulation's to southside middle and sr. high choir to a job well done..
"someone please e playful lain this to me...why do my teenager's and there friend's not find it important to go get there driving permit""s...none of them have any <propfemale> to learn how to drive...there are three kid's that have got there permit so far...is this the new future lazy and scared bunch of kid's...big deal if you wreck it..we all have"
"rain, sleet and snow...that's what we have...i hate dreary weather...bordum has kicked in...cleaned all i want too for the day...spent most of the day doing just that...i was out in the weather most of the and night...got stuck then i got out of that...then fought with the propane bottle lid...why do they make those thing's metal...knowing propane stay's outside in the weather??"
well i just got the teen's in the bed...been one long day...thought i was going to crash also...but the phone was ringing...my grandma is at the hospital...in the e.r. most more than likey going to ccu....copd...i think is the problem...please keep her in you'r prayer's...and if you'r grandparent's are alive take a few minutes pick up the phone...just to say i thought about you today....they won't be here forever
happy birthday!!! to my ex-sister in-law <propfemale> whetstone...me and the kid's wish you a very happy birthday...and many more to come...have a great day...
well we are going to look at a baby cow....so much fun...my daughter is going to raise it...for ffa...should be interesting...to say the least...happy thanksgiving to all
zoo friend's i have babies soon too be born so if you don't mind please go by and feed them so they don't have to go to the hospital or die....i'm off to go to work...again thank you for feeding my babies...angie
okay i totally feel stupid....may i ask....what in the hell is most of the stuff on naughty gifts used for....pain or what....i probably don't want an answer for that...lol...just call me stupid
buckle up guy's where in for a night from hell!!!  lol...got twister less than 15 <propmale> from our house...gotta love it
i received a text message a few minutes ago from a young lady that goes to the same school as my teenager's...she told me that katlin stone passed away sunday the 7th day of march 2010...katlin moved to texas last school year and she was pregnant...can someone confirm this??? she is supposed to have died from an overdose of x...she was a year or two older than my daughter..thank you for any information
support our troop's and bring them home safe...
"i am off too retrieve the teenager's from the dreaded dark place of doom...yeah you know the place use parent's tourment our kid's with...the dreaded school...mine are probably estatic that we are underneath a weather warning...look's like rain, snow then ice is in our near future...calling for power outages and all that wonderful stuff..."
is school really almost out..summer break...i need idea's to keep my teen's safe and happy but yet still have fun..
<propfirst> <propfirst> turn the scanner on now
needed 6 more people to log on and lets help out <propfirst> <propfemale> save the humpback whale
"swat team called into the little town of oil trough, arkansas"
"my baby girl is making me old,, she is turning sweet sixteen tomorrow,, so make sure you you wish her a very special,, happy birthday!!"
why is life so damn impossible...nothing seem's to ever come easy..
i hate life and all fun in it
"let me count the way's...i need a more out of life than what i have settled for...what ever happened to real men that don't cheat....and hanging out playing cards with friends...and people that was raised to own up to their action's...and least but not last people that shut there mouth's and stay out of other's lives..live, laugh, learn, smile, love like there's no tomorrow"
"happy birthday!!! from the <propmale> family-angie, <propfemale> & <propmale> <propmale>- we wish you a wonderful day and many more to come...lora <propmale> if you know her wish her a happy birthday..."
"live, laugh, smile, love like there's no tomorrow...leave the negative stuff alone it only bring's you down with it"
what do people do for fun with exception of alcohol and drugs..??
we are off to the ortho. surgeon tomorrow i'll be glad to have my little man back in working order i hate whinny teenager's that are one handed and can't do what they want to do on there own...lol. gotta love them...
so for all of you that live on the coast how bad is the oil that is washing up? is bp trying to save the beach's >> it is really sad that our oil company's have not forseen something like this happening before now....why have they not been able to stop this large amount of oil...if you have idea's on how to stop it or slow it down...you may send them an e-mail..
happy birthday <propfirst> haigwood wishing you a good one...
gotta go recharge the batteries damn the luck....hollar at me when you get around....
life is full of useless changes and alot of people not worth knowing....
"mouthy teenager's u can't give them away, our government say's we can't spank them, so what in the heck do u do with them...the only time u can get a word in edge wise...lol...is when there eating...if u can answer this...by all means help ur fellow parent''s out..."
teenager's you can't kill then or give them away...so what in the world do you do with them....lol
"teenage girl's can't kill them, can't give them away, so i guess you <propfemale> on for dear life...and love them until they get better attitude's...."
"good morning!!! i need some help from anyone who know's anything about mental disorder's, drug treatment w/any known reaction's and what are the 1st sign's in m/adolesant...thank's to anyone that may be able to help me out.."
"<propfemale> mcdaniel  a ?real mother? has to make sacrifices in her life to ensure her children are well taken care of and would make every sacrifice in the world for her children...they come first, always have and always will ? put this as your status if you are a devoted mother who will always put your children first.?."
