622
fbc2e784739d0ced1e826120474ebe42
43
+
"all about a girl  when she suddenly becomes quiet, she is sad n e playful ecting love  when she is not arguing,she is thinking deeply  when she calls u everyday,she is seeking ur attention  when she messages u everyday,she wants u to reply atleast once  when she says i love you, she means it  when she says i miss you, no one in this world can miss u more than her  girls r always special  never take her wrong smile "
"affection is easy to obtain   but once its gained, it is difficult to maintain and once its lost, it can never be regained   so care for the one who cares for you    smile  smile "
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you| 1 violent | 2 i'd marry you | 3 hot | 4 sweet | 5 crazy | 6 talkative | 7 trustworthy | 8 my best friend | 9 funny | 10 fun | 11 i love you | 12 perfect type | 13 missing you | 14 goofy | 15 one of the best people i've met  surprise )"
you are worthy until you have something that money cant buy    smile  smile 
cute attitude of a gal:--> i am not waiting for a <propmale>   i am waiting for the one who thinks that i am his queen   !!! smile  smile 
"""remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday   ""- <propfirst> carnegie  "
"the happiest feeling ever is to know that a person has all the opportunity to be anywhere in the world, but they choose to be with you   smile  smile "
"saavina   anchina   badukanthaade nee  saavira   sooryara   belakanthaade nee  koneyaase onde ee jeevake ninna koodi baalabeku  prati janmadallu nee heegeye nanna preethi maadabeku  needuva munna naane aamantrana     gaganave baagi bhuviyanu kelida haage  kadalu karedanthe nadiyanu bhetige  yaaru bandirada manasali   ninna aagaamana ee <propfemale>  needuva munna naane aamantrana     smile  smile "
"if your eyes are positive, you will like the world   but if your tongue is positive the world will like you   smile  smile "
"man found thousands of ways to cheat god   but,god punishes him simply by making him fall in love!!so be alert!!     smile  smile  wink "
0 1  : smile ( commmon indiaaaaa   
ha ha ha smile  smile  smile of victory on our coooool captain's face    smile  smile 
yaaaaaahhhhhoooooo    we r the world cup champions   congrats team indiaaaa    we r really proud of you    smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"the cause of all our personal problems and nearly all the problems of the world can be summed up in a single sentence: human life is very deep, and our modern dominant lifestyle is not - <propmale> lozoff"
"a fantastic thought for lifetime   "" respect the person who e playful ects a smile from you  andsurprise the person who has not e playful ected anything from you  ""  smile  smile "
""" sanju weds geetha""   : smile ( nice n sweet story   but never seen such a tragedy movie till now   : smile  smile ( seriously getting depressed after watching it  : smile  smile ("
"always try to make some time free for your loved ones even in your busy schedules    because ,one day you will have free time but not your loved ones  with you   "
"an ultimate fact of life  "" the day your best ones stop bringing their problems to you, is the day you have lost your name from their hearts  ""   smile  smile "
"pain is not felt on the day u miss ur loved ones  it's really felt when you live each day without them and with their memories in ur heart  : smile ("
"a next generation nursery rhyme  ""johny johny, yes paapa  using facebook? yo paa!passing comments? lol paa!getting likes? wow paa!what's ur relationship status? ha ha ha    smile  smile  smile   ""   smile  smile "
"commitment doesn't mean sticking to someone when one has no choice  but it means sticking to that someone, inspite of having several choices   smile  smile "
"everyone says love hurts, but that isn't true  loneliness hurts  rejection hurts  losing someone hurts  envy hurts  everyone gets these things confused with love, but in reality love is the only thing in this world that covers up all pain and makes someone feel wonderful again  love is the only thing in this world that does not hurt    smile  smile "
"love is, when you take away the feeling, the passion, the romance and you find out you still care for that person  «smile» «smile»«« sneha attached a smiley to enable smileys visit http annoyed  apps facebook com colorsmileys ?aff=12as »»"
"it takes around 2 years to learn to speak  but it takes a lifetime to learn wat not to speak   smile  smile "
"kandilla yaaru aa devarannu  irabahudo eno ninnanthe avanu  geleya andare adaku hattiraa   iniya andare adaku yettara  oragi kollalenu ninna yedege omme naanu?karagi hogalenu ninna karagalalli naanu?kadalelllava ale sutthuva tharave      ninna seruve ninna seruve nannolaveee     smile  smile  smile  smile "
"""worrying does not reduce yesterday's sorrows  but it empties today's strength  ""so don't worry, keep smiling alwayss   smile  smile "
"life is like a riverwhich have many turns   so  enjoy every turns   because these turns never returns   smile  smile keep smiling   smile  smile "
"a best person is one who,""excuses before you say sorry  """"understands before you e playful lain  """"waits forever when you say just a minute  """"stays with you when you say leave me alone  "" smile  smile "
"«crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying» «crying»«« sneha is using the new facebook smileys to enable smileys visit http annoyed  apps facebook com redsmileys ?aff=12as »»"
""" the first person who comes to your mind when you want to share something special with someone is your best relation  ""   smile  smile "
"true relations have the most unique character like salt   their presence is never felt,but their absence makes all the things tasteless    smile  smile "
"purity of a relationship between two is not about smiling after reading the message  its about smiling just by seeing the name   smile  smile "
"admire those who give time to u in their schedule  but,love those who don't see their schedule when u need them   smile  smile "
"love someone soooooo much that even god wonders whether i ""created"" these creatures in my heaven or are they the ones, ""recreating"" me on their earth   smile  smile "
"falling in love is the secret ambition  ,e playful ressing it is the biggest hesitation  ,finding true love is the greatest tension  ,so follow indian traditionandmarry mom's selection   playful  laugh  laugh "
"i think its naagavalli's birthday today   playful    all her films aapthamithra, aaptharakshaka, chandramukhi and naagavalli all are telecasted today in different channels   smile  smile  playful  laugh  laugh "
i love my shadow a lot   bcoz atleast it was with me when i am left alone by the one whom i actually loved a lot  : smile (
"funny truth   ""no one is as ugly as their voter's id pic, nor as good looking as their facebook profile pic  ""   smile  smile "
"argument is bad but discussion is good   why???bcoz  argument is to find out ""who"" is rightbutdiscussion is to find out ""what"" is right   smile  smile "
thank god     at last finished engineering with a good percentage     got 77%    smile  smile 
a fake smile can hide billions of tears  
"if gandhiji would have ever thought about doing ""engineering"", he would have definitely added a 4th monkey with hands on its forehead   laugh  laugh "
"its only imperfections that complains about what is imperfect   the more perfect we are, the more gentle and quite we become towards the defects of others   smile  smile "
"e playful ress urself to  someone who cares for u  not to someone who needs u  coz care means personal commitment andneed means personal requirement   smile  smile "
just survived from a <propmale> disaster in my life   thank u god thank u soooooo much for saving me again and again    smile  smile 
"life is like a library owned by the author in it are a few books which he wrote himself,but most of them were written for him   smile  smile "
"life is a cycle   <propfemale> u love, u get hurt  <propfemale> u get hurt, u hate   <propfemale> u hate, u try to forget   <propfemale> u try to forget, u start missingand<propfemale> u start missing, u start loving   : smile ("
"even if u don't give any gift to ur lover,  give more and more time to ur lover and be sincere to ur lover   i feel this is the only way to make ur love stronger and be happy in a relationship   how many of u agree with me??????????????"
dil se dhadkan bhulaaa denaa aaaasaaan nahii hai    : smile ( heart-broken 
"i am neither single nor committed   i am reserve for the one who deserve me   smile  smile "
"life must be understood backwards   but it must be lived forward    smile  smile "
"i'll always need my mom no matter what age i am       my mom has made me laugh    wiped my tears    hugged me tight    watched me succeed    seen me fall    cheered me on    kept me going strong    and drove me a little crazy at times! my mom is a promise from god that i will have a friend forever!put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom ?  smile i love u mom    "
"unless you speak from heart, u can't touch anyone's heart   smile  smile "
"trust the one who can see these 3 things in you   sorrow behind your smile   ,love behind your anger       ,andreason behind your silence     smile  smile "
"lead your life similar to a dictionary  providing meaning to everyone who refers you   smile  smile "
"care for the one who shares with you  share with the one who knows you  know the one who miss you  butnever miss the one who remembers you always   smile  smile "
"possessiveness is the outcome of true love  anger is the outcome of real care  so accept these both from your loved one   smile  smile "
"the best relationship is that in whichyesterday's fight does not stop today's communication   smile  smile "
"unmarried person:""tajmahal katbeku aadre mumtaaz sikthaa illa   sad   ""    ,married person:""tajmahal katbeku aadremumtaaz saaythaa illa  : smile (  ""   smile  smile  laugh  laugh "
"someday everything will make perfect sense   so for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason!!!   smile  smile "
"no one in this world is as busy as they say  their ego makes them feel busy and find no time to care for their loved ones   smile  smile "
there is a storm in my heart but it rains from my eyes  : smile (
"you will never really know what a ""lie"" is   until,ur most loved and trusted one lies to u or hides something from you   smile  smile "
"love is such a marvelous word  if a girl understands ,the boy won't understand it   ,if a boy understands ,the girl won't understand it   ,andif both understands , the world won't understand it    smile  smile "
"3 hard realities of life  you think a lot about the person u r trying to forget  you hurt a lot to the one you love the most  you fight a lot with the one from whom you e playful ect a lot   smile  smile "
"""sorry   "" doesn't always fix everything   : smile ("
"accepting many wrong persons may not affect ur life  but,rejecting one right person will leave u broken throughout ur life   smile  smile "
"avoiding something doesn't always mean that you hate it  it could also mean that you want it, butyou just know that it isn't yours   !! smile  smile "
"the greatest gift u can give to someone is ur time  because  , its like giving a portion of ur life that u can never get back   smile  smile "
"""nothing happens without a reason""   each person who has crossed your life has come either to teach you something or to learn something from you   smile  smile "
"forgiveness does not change the past, but it does make the future pleasant   smile  smile "
"don't go for looks; they can deceive  don't go for wealth; even that fades away  go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright    smile  smile "
"whennails are grown,we cut nails, not fingers   similarly,when our misunderstandingsgrows we should cutego, not relations    smile  smile "
"my heart is in relationshipbut i am single   "
"i will always need my parents no matter what age i am       my parents have made me laugh    wiped my tears    hugged me tight    watched me succeed    saw me fall    cheered me on    kept me going strong   scolded me   motivated me   restricted me     gave <propfemale>    parents are a promise from god that i will have a friend… forever  !!!!i love my parents            put this on your status if you hv world's best parents    ???  smile i surely do ? them  smile "
tanha dil    tanha safar   
the main difference between attitude and ego is that attitude makes you different from others while ego makes you alone from others    smile  smile 
"when someone hurts you don't feel bad  cozits the law of nature that the tree that has sweetest fruits gets the maximum number of stones   smile  smile "
it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all   ( lord tennyson )
don't trust the people who change their feelings with time    trust the people whose feelings remain the same when our time changes  !! smile  smile 
"??????? ????????| ??????? ?????????????? ?????????????|????????????????????? ???????||"
"justwatched ""pancharangi""    very awesome movie     diganth n nidhi done agood work    but credit goes to director yogaraj bhat sir for givingsuch a realistic n fantabulous movie     smile  smile  no doubt dialogues are the life of ""pancharangi   "" smile  smile "
"it seems our section has been suspended for 2 days for ""mass- bunking"" on friday     smile  yuppieee!!!! i am so happy     smile  smile "
there is one moment in your life-when u r with someone n u feel like the world has stopped and ur life seems so perfect   make sure u never loose that person    smile  smile 
"you never get a person of your type in this world   you either have to adjust or to compromise  you adjust, <propfemale> someone wants to be with you    and compromise, <propfemale> you want to be with someone    smile  smile "
hi friends see face-book images rotate 360* see here >> http annoyed  gingerbuds tk 
?????? ???????? ??????????????? |??? ?????? ??????? |??? ?????? ??????? ???????||
"loving someone doesn't need a reason   if u can e playful lain y u love someone, its called ""like""   if u cannot e playful lain, its simply called ""love""    smile  smile "
oops!!! at last finished 1st internals    but fallen sick     not feeling well sad 
hi friends     smile  can anyone plzzzzz help me by giving info about good kas coaching centers in bangalore??? hope u  willl     smile  smile 
got 6th sem results    but 67%    feelin  sad for nt getting fcd this sem also     sad 
"if god answers your prayers, he's increasing ur faith    if he delays,he's increasing ur <propfemale>    if he doesn't answer, he knows u can handle it perfectly well    smile  smile "
[ laugh ] neerina mele gulle untu   baalina banna noora entu   namdenidru black and white    lifeu ishtene    smile [ laugh ]
"??????????????? ??????????????|???????????? ?????????  ???????|??????? ?? ???????||"
"if you want to be happy with a man, love him less and understand him more    if you want to be happy with a woman, love her more and never try to understand her    smile  smile "
people who love  u for a reason will stop loving u the day reason is over but people who love u for no reason will love u always bcoz they love u for wat u are!!     smile  smile 
"attitude redefined for love---- i can always take care of myself    but still, i want to meet the person who can prove me that i cannot    smile  smile "
"who are we?? who is hindu?? who is muslim?? when there is ""<propfirst>"" in diw-ali and ""ram"" in ram-zan    help <propfemale> to get united in peace on 24th september as the historic judgement on the ayodhya ram mandir issue will be announced that day    "
"in the state of mixed emotions     happy coz exams r over smile  smile  smile  sad coz days r passing <propfemale> <propfemale>n n only one more sem left n after tat going to miss the college, frnds n loads of fun: smile  smile ("
internals ge mathra book hidkolri    bere timenalli enjoy madri    externals exam timenalli night-out madri    engineering ishtene    smile 
"????? ??????????? ????? ??????????? ??????? ?????????    smile i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_grfox000"
the best relationship is not the one which is free from problems and misunderstanding    its the one where one sorry and a smile can make everything perfect as before    smile  smile 
"be talented in front of everyone, but always be a fool in front of your dear ones    that's always something special    smile  smile "
there is only a thread gap between love and friendship     stealing heart with permission is friendship!!! stealing heart without permission is love!!! smile 
""" the person who tries to keep everyone happy and always care for everyone is always the most lonely person     """
sometimes god upsets ur plans to setup his own plans     and god's plans are always perfect   so never get upset when ur plans get upset    smile  smile 
"??????????? ????  ?????????? ??????? ?????? ???????? ?????? ??????      ???????"
"the biggest suspense of life is: we know for whom we are praying, but ""we never know who might be praying for us""    smile i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_grfox000"
hi friends see face-book images rotate 360* see here >>
 smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"if there is any purest form of love, its from a mother   if you find a near equivalent in anyone else then, congrats    smile  you've won your life    smile  smile "
"the biggest suspense of life is: we know for whom we are praying, but ""we never know who might be praying for us""    smile "
ille ille ello…nanna manasu…kaaneyagide…  ninne monne varegu…irada kanasu…eega moodide…  heladene keladene…nanage eno aagide…
 smile  smile  smile got fcd (75%)     smile  smile  smile 
"always try your best to get whatever u love     otherwise, you will be forced to love whatever you get     smile  smile "
