565
da46912e112f9a24f30107aa2bdc202d
19
-
"going back to the gym, then sleep before the beginning of yet another beautiful work week (gags)."
"there's always room for improvement.  if you think you're doing well, look again, you may have missed something. perfection is a bold-faced lie.  smile "
"off to mom's for movie night with friends for work, then the gym!"
"out buying stuff...damn, you never really realize how much stuff you need and how much it costs until mom isn't buying it anymore!"
it's great how a day at the gym will lift your spirits after a bad day at work.  smile 
"it's gonna be a good day.  off to the gym to get my workout on, then all day cleaning; can't get any better than that."
"memorizing and translating lyrics 'cause i love to sing in the car; it's the soundtrack to ""cleopatre: la dernière reine d'egypt"" starring <propfemale> essaidi."
"god, insomnia sucks..."
"well we are mostly packed, just 4 more days to go.  seems like an eternity but its all worth it.  cheesecake!!!!"
is ecstatic now that his car insurance went from being $167.16 to $94.36 for full coverage.
"going to work now, but then off to see bertina in the afternoon!!!!!"
"off to the gym before work, i hope it's not crowded.  tgif for me."
"6 meals a day.  i don't know how i'm going to fit that into my work schedule, lol.  i guess i could take a break every now and then..."
"its finally my weekend, time to go wild!"
"geez i'm so freakin' angry right now.  words don't seem to e playful lain why.  why is it that when everything seems to look way up there, there's always someone holding onto your leg bringing you down.  maybe this was all a mistake."
"i wish our backs were designed better, able to withstand a little more abuse.  it seems to be my achilles heel."
is very happy the weekend is finally here.  i feel great and rested for what should be a great day at the gym today.
"now that the bills are all set, time to do some food shopping before i collapse into bed for another wonderful work week."
"is getting ready for a fantastic workout at the gym, but first a nice jog to get the blood pumping."
"lol, great day at work.  i'm finally free of all pessimistic and other annoying, abnormal feelings.  i'm finally back to my upbeat, optimistic self, despite a night that would have had most people shuddering in horror."
"wow, i had a 3 hour workout and ran almost 3 <propmale> in 30 mins at the gym.  i really wish i could have done that in high school.  would've saved me a lot of grief and teasing..."
i feel good after yet another productive day at work.  i hope i'm just as productive at the gym today.
"had a lot of fun watching ""new in town"" with some friends.  just hate that it's raining today, i was going to get out and jog..."
relaxing after a tiring but productive day at work.
"omg, i had the best night ever.  most people would have bitched about being in pharmacy, then hba, then baby food, but i fuckin' rocked it.  yay for positive attitudes!"
"ding <propfirst> the car is dead.  who killed it and why, no one knows.  but how much to fix it? we'll find after this commercial break."
"gettin' down with some house cleaning, laundry, x-files, and french radio.  what a weekend!"
"j'irais où tu iras, à bout du monde avec <propfemale>, quitte à tout perdre avec <propfemale>... thank god its the weekend.  time for sleeping.  big time."
"damn, the weekend.  i'm not doing anything.  not a damn thing, lol.  except get my beauty sleep that is..."
"i was awakened for city inspections just as i fell into a really deep sleep...grrrrrr...i just love being on third shift, lol."
"its my birthday and i'll cry if i want to! actually not, but i do have to go to work, that sucks."
is sufficiently satisfied after finally watching the whole 3rd season of roswell in 2 days.
"wow, had a decent night at work.  man, for the first time in months i actually feel good again.  apparently it's good to get 6 months of repressed feelings out."
"wow, i never figured my mom to be good at rock band, but she fuckin' kills in the beatles version, on every instrument.  i had a lot of fun with her today!"
"had a great day just hanging out.  now to sleep, one night to go 'til the weekend."
cooking some salmon with broccoli and cauliflower for dinner...delicious.  it's gonna be a good day now that the weekend is here!
"great job, we got gm backroom looking spotless.  thank god we were able to take care of that ungodly 4100 piece truck from last night.  i even managed to annoy an old friend.  life is good."
"is now liscensed on the walkie stacker, yay! now he just needs the scissor lift and electric pallet <propfirst> and he's good, whenever they get around to doing it that is..."
i really wish i watched roswell while it was on tv.  it's one of the best shows i've seen in a long time.  just gotta find someone who sells season 3...
"let's hope my friday at work tonight is a good one, i'm not in the mood for a bad friday lol.  positive thoughts, positive thoughts..."
awesome workout!  i'm pumped that i finally found another person to go to the gym with.
"yay, sunshine today!  rain, you stay away, please, k thanks!  don't know why, but it's going to be a great day."
"awesome, had a great day.  gym with my two best friends, then went to their house and ate subway while watching ""mommie dearest"".  crazy movie...my brother comes down today, whoo hoo!  can't wait to see him.  better get cookin' for tomorrow.  i'm so excited: i get to try my baking skills!"
is out for a little jog.  he's gotta clear his head in preparation for tonight.
"i had just a litt<propfemale> help, but i couldn't believe i got that much paper goods up in 3 hours.  maintenant, j'ai besoin dormir.  tout <propfemale> jour aujord'hui.  bientôt toute <propfemale> monde!"
"is feeling a little under the weather...with a fever and a splitting headache.  i hate the cold, and it's not even that cold yet, lol."
"just got back from movie day with friends...we watched miss potter.  gonna go to sleep now, work was not too kind to me this week."
"is having a good day.  jogged, grocery shopped, watched transformers 2 at a friend's, cleaned the apartment, and is currently jamming to girls aloud; awesome day off."
"ah, my clothes are almost done drying...i get to go to bed soon  smile .  gonna be a wonderful monday night, i can feel it (shoot me now.)"
"damn, a 4100 piece truck night and i'm the only one who left smiling.  i guess you just can't bring me down.  hopefully tomorrow night goes better though."
"the end of this year can't f*****g come fast enough, i swear"
"awesome day between a killer workout and fun times with friends.  got my mind on a certain someone, hope he's got his mind on me, too."
i destroyed my shoulders all according to plan today! thank goodness for pilates to stretch that shit out...now time to hunker down into sleepytime!
is psyched about his first date in forever on tuesday night!  gotta survive one more night at work though...
"whew, finally all moved into my apartment, and now i have internet access.  now its finally time to sleep!"
"did some nice strength training with a complete stranger today...awesome that people are still nice in this world.  i learned a lot, and he took 20 mins out of his day to work with me!  i'm still feeling energetic, so off to do a step workout!"
"one more night, one more night...thank god i get 3 days off this week, i can really use it!"
"awesome night.  worked in grocery backroom all night, and i left it spotless.  then i helped in gm backroom and got it spotless.  what an awesome way to end a great week. hopefully my workout for today is just as great."
"yay i have a week's vacation from work! feels like it's been a long time coming, too...oh well, back to packing."
"had to say goodbye to an old friend today.  whatever problems we had in the past, i'm glad that we shook hands and had a nice conversation before he left.  whew, one regret avoided!  i'm going to miss him."
"going to bed, über tired! please let this weekend be one of relaxing and much needed sleep..."
going on another lunch date with <propfirst>!  can't hardly wait.
"omg, its finally my friday.  rough work day last night.  heading to work soon, then gym in the morning, and i am good to get my sleep on."
"is getting ready to go to sleep so he can enjoy this thing called a 3-day weekend.  this will not happen again anytime in the foreseeable future, so let the fun commence in 3...2...1...mom, let's do this thing!"
"*clicks his heels* there's no place like home, there's no place like home..."
doing laundry watching seinfeld.  going to spend time with mom today and read a little.  it's been a great weekend.
"stick a fork in me, i'm done.  one of the largest companies in the world and we have to run with less than a skeleton crew.  it never ceases to amaze me how i've lasted this long."
i must become more disciplined if i am to stay on the current path i'm on and not faulter.
"nice night at work, i got a lot accomplished.  i even got to do extra stuff like reprinting bin labels that either won't scan or are torn up.  been wanting to do that forever...hope my workout is just as awesome."
"just got his tax return today! whoo hoo! now, what to do with it all.  i know! bills, bills, car repair, bills, license plates renewal, bills.  sounds about right...oh, i forgot bills.  wink "
"paid off my car yesterday, yay! at least i know i can handle a 5-year commitment now. credit cards, you better be scared because you're next!"
"after speaking to an old friend for 3 hours, i finally regained my fire for my cause; my body, however, was like, ""whoa there killer! i kinda liked sitting on the couch eating chips and cupcakes while playing wow or watching sg-1!""  oh well, i guess i can't please everybody."
i just got back from my date last night.  all i can say is that i'm very interested.  let's hope he feels the same way.  glad to finally be out there again.
boy my sleep schedule is off; after 4 and not sleepy.  it's going to be a fun night alright. just about completely tired of all this bullshit...but otherwise i'm fine and dandy.
why is it that when nothing's going wrong i'm bored as hell?  why can't i be content lol?  sometimes i wish i was a scientist studying my own psychosis...
"finally after all this time i've let walmart go.  i'm uber excited that i got a promotion after a short period of time, however i'm worried that i may not know enough to do it, or that even though i have come so far from the way i used to be, i'm still a little too timid to be a shift supervisor.  i start training on monday morning.  yayness.  i may have to drink more milk to harden that backbone of mine."
"lol.  i left for work today at 12am.  2 hours to get to danville.  then 3 hours to get to bloomington, in.  then inventory kohls for 8 hours.  then drive the whole 5 back home.  it's now 5:47pm and i'm tired as hell, but at least the inventory went very very well."
"the car i paid off in february is currently out of commission.  engine got fucked up.  i can't believe that.  can a bitch get a god damn break?  when something awesome happens, something else fucks up.  story of our lives."
"lol.  next week, i get to inventory a <propfemale>'s secret store.  yet another e playful erience wasted on someone like me   smile "
breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on and crashed into we all have problems before coming to a complete stop at get over it. reporting live from quitchur bitchin'. if you like this...repost
"it's terrifying when you are driving on i-74 east at 70 mph at 3am and 4 deer are trying to cross the interstate.  you get relief when you pass narrowly between two of them, but the lingering thoughts of what could have happened still linger."
"lovely.  i just found out the reason i trained doing walmart cost inventory: they want me to supervise them from now on.  i'll be going to pretty much every one of them in central illinois once a month, at the end of each month.  i may have quit walmart, but i definitely have not gotten away scott-free.  but hey, at least it enables me to see my friends at good ol' 3459, i'm excited about that."
today things keep getting better.  i had a job interview for a possible promotion and my baby and i just got approved for our first apartment.  lovely.
"yeah, i go to joliet and end up leaving my phone there...  /facepalm right now"
"it was very nice to finally see my brother again for the first time since thanksgiving, i'm a little peeved that i couldn't stay, as i needed to go home to sleep before another exciting overnight at wallyworld.  i'm missing my mother's meatloaf  sad   here's to catching them before they leave in the morning and the start of a much needed vacation out of bloomington-normal  smile "
going to spend a week at jaysen's place.  i really hope we have fun and i can help him feel better.
just saw <propfemale> in wonderland.  some people say it sucks but i enjoyed the humor.  it was exactly as i thought it was going to be.
i really like what they did with flashforward and how it all came together at the end.  now to sleep in preperationfor a bear of a night to come.
"two nights <propfirst>-free.  i feel sorry for him, but at the same time, i'm noticing how much more productive everyone is.  here's to you <propfirst>.  i know that ""its another day, another dollar,"" but you taught everyone that, like you, we all ""love our jobs."""
"god, this work week was...well...work.  but at least i get to come home after a long week and watch rupaul and his queens battle it out on the main stage.  bitch, you better work...and don't fuck it up."
"going to joliet for a bit, then back to sauk village and steger today!"
"god, can they make it any harder?  i understand completely why, but you still need to throw us a freakin' bone here.  3rd shift = skeleton crew / 2.  3rd shift + banned use of shopping carts + lack of other carts = wasted time and  troubled  ... oh well, time to get over it."
souviens: rien ne glisse entre mes doigts.
"trying this relationship thing once again with someone sweeter than the last.  it'll be my third, so hopefully three times the charm."
mo has made his triumphant return!  good to have you back <propmale>!
i'm about to spend the weekend with my <propmale> mec in new lenox.  can't wait to get up there and relax with him.  hopefully i'll come back to find i got the promotion and will start immediately.  super excited!
lol.  shame on you if you fool me once.  shame on me if you fool me twice.  jamais plus...jamais plus.
"getting my mp3 player situated for a late, but welcome day at the gym.  there's some aggression to be let out after last night."
"it doesn't matter if you think you're a 5 at best; the person who loves you thinks you're a solid 10.  so don't worry about being good enough for that person, the only thing that stands in your way is you not being good enough for you."
"i feel good about this.  now i have a <propmale> to feel what most people around me do.  i finally feel like i have a shot at true happiness.  <propmale>, let's do this thing, <propfemale>!"
omg.  i found a piece of burnt toast in my cinnamon toast crunch.  how fucked up is that? quality control anyone? jeez.
"thank god for this weekend.  i'm getting my will and grace fix as we speak, but i'm really missing my <propfemale>."
"had a friend give me a brake-job today, so i saved a bundle! yay!  the bad part is that i'm sunburned as hell.  if that's what it takes to lower the price from $400 to $120, then i guess i can't complain!"
"form a picture of a human face in your mind.  it can have any of the features you want, beautiful or ugly, ""normal"" or disfigured.  got it?  good.  now with all the people in the world today, there's bound to be someone that looks exactly like that......"
"getting ready to leave to go to a small party with <propmale>'s parents and family.  i'm hoping this will not end up like ""meet the parents"" with <propmale> stiller!  smile "
"i'm back from a wonderful week with my boyfriend, <propmale>.  spent a lot of quality time with him, and even spent a nice day at the brookfield zoo.  with the pride parade on the horizon and a trip to springfield next week, i'm really enjoying the vacation i so needed."
je meurs peu par peu chaque nuit que je vais travailler.  i die little by little each night i go to work.
"i didn't realize my sunburns on my head were so bad that now i'm blistering.  very painful.  lesson learned.  must wear hats from now on, but now to choose one that doesn't give me elf ears."
"come on rgis.  you have no idea how bad i need this job.  you don't understand, i'll do anything for it.  anything."
"yesterday concluded the first week of class for me.  it's time to turn this bitch out and for once finish something i've started.  isu, you better be ready for me in the spring."
"so happy i'm moving tomorrow, but alas, no internet until thursday."
"i loved my surprise party, my gifts, and sushi buffet lunch! thanks to all who came out and thank you for all the birthday wishes.  you guys rock!  just wish i could call off though..."
"i jogged the constitution trail today, and i got all the way from raab rd. in normal down to <propmale> st. in bloomington before turning around.  i must say, the treadmill is nice once in a while, but you just have to get out there and sweat it out instead of being in an air-conditioned building.  it makes it that much sweeter when you reach the end."
"well, i downed 4 cups of coffee in preparation to make sure i didn't nod off in class.  class was cancelled today.  now i'm up for a very long time.  i have to be up at 5.  lovely."
"tu peux partir,  tu peux rester,  prendre <propfemale> vie dans tes <propfemale>ins. tu peux garder ce qu'il reste de mon âme.  dans <propfemale> monde absent, <propfemale> tu me comprends.  je prends vie près de ton corps. ici, <propfemale>intenant, j'en rede<propfemale>nde encore."
"i appear to have a new job!  i filled out tax forms and have been invited to participate in a paid training session at the wal-mart in normal, tentatively on the 28th.  very happy at the moment lol.  i got my christmas present, that's for sure!"
"i just found out that i've been formally re-admitted to isu for the spring! no more fear, no more pain, no more laziness, no more excuses.  it's time to finish this thing."
"i'm running, keep gunning, no, i'm caught in a spiderweb, i'm caught in a spiderweb.  wanna shout, can't get out, no, i'm caught in a spiderweb.  can someone save me?  can someone save me from this hell?  i gotta break free, i gotta break free from myself.  ~matt pokora, spiderweb~"
"our father, who <propmale> in chicago, football be thy game. let forte run, another superbowl won, on e<propmale>h as it is in soldier field. give us sunday a playoff victory and forgive us our penalties, as we defeat the packers who play against us, and lead us not into the late season and deliver us to texas. for thine is the d-line, urlacher, briggs, tillman, <propfemale> and peppers forever...amen! pass it on bears nation go bears!"
"i finally have a tentative schedule for next semester.  soc 206: sociological inquiry, soc 211: social gerontology, soc 220: global social change (intro to macrosociology), and <propfemale> 112.12 french year 2 part 1 (tested out of year 1 part 2).  happy as a clam  smile , now if i can only get approved for some student loans..."
"well, it looks like i may not be able to do this thing.  they don't want to give me financial aid, even though i asked for only loans, so i guess i have to file an appeal and see if i can do it. i don't want to give up after i tried so hard to get everything going again, as i'm already registered with a plan, but now i do feel greatly disappointed and discouraged."
"so happy, i have an interview tomorrow.  change is good, let's hope this will end my depressive career at wal-mart."
"had a great day today inventorying big r, a hardware store like ace.  having done a whole wall of light bulbs, about a 24 foot section of pegs and narrow shelves, i can say that all the little tricks i learned to ""force"" freight on the floor will never be done by me again.  /shudder.  but at least my aph was over 1200.  playful "
"so glad that i still get to inventory gander mountain this morning, even with this snow.  and, rgis set up a caravan, so at least i don't have to drive in this."
