298
77417f1e4dc8214d722ac60e593783da
15
-
beyond happy right now!!!  laugh  : d  laugh 
i hate the reading final essay     sad 
mlia!  laugh 
barnes and nobles has a serious lack of flute books    d:
i broke out of character today on stage   
cast party today!  smile 
"if you hate dislike finals, like this status "
njask is half way over  halleluhah!
chocolate!
desperately needs a life  sad 
i wonder if i'll ever start my story   
going to see the play tonight!
jewelry is too e playful ensive!  surprise 
i love tech week so much  don't you?
waiting for something that will never come   
life=music nuff said  laugh 
njask    wahh  sad 
matawan idol later today
i'm bored   
i just got drawn to life: spongebob sqaurepants edition  don't mock my video game choice   laugh 
i got flowers! halleluhah!
i'm sick of the njask already and it's only day 1 
2nd show tonight! 3rd if you count faculty night 
i want a spirit flute! d:
the time students spend taking njask they can never get back 
just got back from a bike ride  woo!  smile 
hello world!  laugh 
i missed school today because i went to <propfirst> hook!  smile 
i got a superlative!  laugh 
life still sucks   
happy birthday!  smile 
i went to point pleasant yesterday   laugh 
i hate outside reading projects    d:
the ice cream truck was across from my house today and i bought ice cream  be jealous   laugh 
i am so god darn happy right now!!!
band concert tonight 7pm!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
today's teacher night for the show!
"i'm going to something with my life now, so bye!  laugh "
i'm so
it's thundering outside  whoopie 
i hate flowers for algernon     sad  and the stupid test tomorrow   
"life can be so annoying, but there are the wonderful moments so yeah   laugh "
someone talk to me  i'm bored   laugh 
has plans! halleluhah!
eating cookies people! be jealous!  laugh 
great adventure was awesome and bringing home 2 trophies is awesome too!  smile 
band concert was today! hallelujah to anyone who came!  laugh 
i can't keep up my facade any longer  i'm so sad! );
"i want to kill my computer right now  oh wait, i can't  it blue screened on me  dang you windows!"
good morning world!  smile 
just saw eclispe  interesting moments of ironic humor   smile 
omg! yesterday was amazing!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i'm bored so i have a question for you guys  any idea how i can put my hair up for the chorus concert? thanks   smile 
"go to heck, outside reading projects   annoyed "
confessions?
despised my first broadway show     sad 
governor <propfemale> is an idiot! not being able to reserve items from other libraries and cutting the funding for them    d:
feels insulted
needs to make some plans asap
screw my previous happy status     annoyed 
ugh    math final tomorrow  sad 
has advice and is still confused
i think i'm becoming sleep-deprived    oh well  annoyed 
i hate my life right now  d:
 laugh 
i got a cut from my computer's keyboard?!?!?! what the heck?!?!?!
"so i'm having a coughing attack during the last 5 minutes of english and i need some water  i'm trying to raise my hand, but to no avail  apparently, ms  furman was so busy talking about <propmale> and <propfemale> that she doesn't notice i'm having a fit  wth! finally <propfemale> thankfully pointed out my little dilemma and then ms  furman is writing out a pass?! really, ms  furman?!"
friday's going to be my doomsday    d:
i am so happy!!!!
"""i've been holding your <propfemale> for a year now  your <propfemale> still hasn't bloomed so your thorns haven't shed yet  and i'm still bleeding   """
eagerly awaiting my email from apple!  laugh 
needs advice
is such an idiot   
omg! my concert tickets just arrived!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"inbox only, 2010 is almost over, confess something you've always wanted to tell me  it will stay between us  put this as your status and see who suprises you "
"band dress rehearsal tomorrow, band concert thursday  laugh , and concert on friday!  laugh "
donkeys made my schedule   
"once more, i hate my life   "
"this snowstorm has pushed me back every time i try to cross it  this time, i almost got through, but i still didn't make it  i'm not giving up  not yet "
i am proud to say that i went to see wynton maralis today and i still don't like jazz   smile 
tennis classes today! so excited!
"""music is well said to be the speech of angels ""~thomas carlyle"
i'm afraid of my lunch period now   
what the he** did i do to deserve this?
i swear    i'll die from choking one day     sad 
life sucks right now     sad 
tennis was so much fun!!!
"likemy status & i'll tell you:1  something i've learned about you bylooking at your wall for 13 seconds   2  the color you remind me of3  myfirst memory of you4  the animal you remind me of5  ask somethingi've always wondered about you6  my favorite thing about you7  give you aweird nickname8  what's on my shirt now9  challenge you to post this as your status"
"one out of every 10 people born is gay that means they will be instantly put down,given bad labels, left alone, put in minority and so much else, for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are trying suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them that life will get   better   and    that you respect them for who they are, copy and paste this most of you won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will"
actually went to the football game yesterday for the first time    it was actually pretty cool 
omg! i'm so happy right now that i can't even describe how happy i am!!!
"this snowstorm has pushed me back every time i try to cross it  this time, i almost got through, but i still didn't make it  i'm not giving up  not yet "
band concert tomorrow!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
now i'm just really sad     sad 
2010 is almost over  so like this status if i have made you smile this year  then set this as your status  you'll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you   smile 
i'm going to carnegie hall later!  laugh 
confessions?
90 minute delay! woo!   smile 
