442
effcd9794a9ec39620d60d4520066216
31
-
"…………………… ~~##$$***census 2010***$$##~~……………………        calling all highlands county folks looking for some extra income, looking to help our community, looking to be counted and be heard!!! i invite anyone running for our government who hasent yet took the oath who wants to see and be a part of what happens from the bottom up locally… i will be taking applications and testing "
for those who seek donations for their nonprofits or if you <propfemale> to raise funds for office or any project you seek donations here is a great site to get you started  goodluck!! http annoyed  edonation com 
and what happen to asking the public input at the council meetings? i can see one error but to have multiple meetings that not one time was the public asked their opinion or given the <propmale> to speak on any issue discussed? what happen to roberts rules?
"the cuppupance of wrong doers is coming  the said united colonies hereby severally enter into a firm league of friendship with each other, binding on themselves and their posterity, for their common defense [and offense], against their enemies both domestic and foreign for the security of their liberties and properties, the safety of their persons and families, and their [common and] mutual and general welfare "
"now i understand the reason for the part of the words that state, principles of the preamble to the constitution ""to promote the general welfare""  do public officials see themselves as working ""to promote the general welfare"" right nor merely to advance their own private interests?"
the life of a pro se interviening litigants civil court case i think at this point i’m seriously thinking of going totally public on my property rights court case right now  i have discovered so much government corruption that it just has totally changed my whole point of view that i was raised with 
"good ol hometown democracy is not owned by the minority of elitists, even though they feel their bucks have bought them position and rights as they go about the business of the city and state boldly to the public in that meeting that their opinion of the rules of the land don’t count "
"in the city of sebring, we have a council president who has never voted to pay the bills of the city because he has so much business being done with those who are connected to the work in the city that he cannot do the job he ran for and took a oath to upheld"
"if you made an appeal on behalf of the ""general welfare,"" would citizens and public officials take it seriously? no they haven’t nor have they followed their own regulations and oaths, and have picked and chosen who and where they will apply them unequally "
"then yet another council member runs a business but doesn’t stand up behind that business work he has done for the public, that he done before working for the city he is serving at this time as well  if he hasn’t done his job right and run his business in a way that is above board and stand behind his work what kind of city works is he running for us?"
its one thing to not do your job once or twice because you happen to run into a client from your business and totally another issue when you can never pay the city’s bills because every person that does work for the city seems to be your client  seems like collusion to me 
"? vote intelligently, “we must satisfy the following questions: is the candidate's idea of governance and leadership desirable, new and progressive? is the candidate trustworthy and ethical? what leadership qualities does he she have? is the work accomplished and voted on, done for the people or for self interest????•mi§§°•ðrëåð•???"
