391
51aaf5e40d7d5d5cbdac58be1db64ce8
21
-
putting a typical stellar-mass black hole next to the earth would certainly destroy the planet but let's make it more interesting! what if the earth were between two black holes? with two black holes you'd have double the fun! bestest 
"got her weight up to 50, finally, and donated blood for the first time ever!"
goodbye long hair!
is truly the picasso of loneliness or that painting elephant of being awesome 
"cosmos and a new hard disk, what else could a girl want for christmas!  love "
"?l???u? u? ll??s ?,? `ll??s ?,? ?nq `???ld s??? u? ?p?? o? ?sn? s?d??s ??u??? ?"
sometimes orange water given bucket of plaster
got to love the smell of ammonia in the morning 
i see  you can definitely notice when your sister is visiting you(r computer) 
pöö <propmale> hamsuhamsteri kaikkien karvainen kaveri  smile 
"riita kun luopuis luot' ikivaltain, ihmisienkin,myös viha, viisaankin joka vimmata voi, makeampikuin mesi suust' alas soljuissaan, kons' ihmisen rintaansyttyy, paisuen siell' yhä niinkuin nouseva sauhu!"
hrm 
[#########        ]
"hello darkness, my old friend "
"i love 64    i mean, 8 bits "
one simple idea 
33 oli kuin olikin loistava numero  <propfirst> royn <propfemale> flankerin hyvän karman turvin osako:n edustajistoon!
"new shirt and 37 rooms, it's been a good day!"
fierce guitar heroing with turku-sister!
11 5h school days are rewarding  <propmale> 
"if life is a game we play, then just play it "
microsoft word! write letterz 'n' shit
nörttikerho paras kerho!
learning elements  today's theme: iron 
"""niina, oot hassu täti  meikkaat <propfemale> laittaudut nätiksi, mutta teet silti kaikkia poikien juttu<propfemale> "" -eve-helmi 6v"
"bacon-garlic snails, omnom "
"time to view orionids-- no, wait    i hate you, clouds "
"@tampere: iop, rastit takana, hotelli hallussa  but it's not over yet!"
"""näillä korjaat pr hh ra suhdetta: bambunverso (fineli),  määrä 3735g """
"eteläinen lumisota koettu, kohta takaisin lämpimässä jääkarhujen valtakunnassa  ensin kuitenkin vielä viisi tuntia kosmisen barbaarisia seikkailuja!"
today it seems to be a good day to walk like an egyptian  and by that i mean flip cars over and set everything on fire 
turbo dreams while the sun's gone dim and the sky's turned black 
10-6
bigfoot not as confident as might first seem  most of time not know where am  people think bigfoot master of woodland navigation  move through darkness like <propfemale> torpedo  not true  mostly just stumbling around smashing head into branches trying recognise where am but every fucking tree look the same 
"behold the stars, they all burn  they'll all burn out  and we are dust  dust, in timeless space "
"institution applied to: university of seoul, republic of korea  departmental coordinator has processed application: approved "
"käärmeennahan laittaminen odottavan vatsan päälle voi jonkinmoisen hämmingin vuoksi, minkä se aiheuttaa, vaikuttaa jotakin "
an evening spent listening to stories is an evening well spent!
"this time it's about helsinki and the right kind of chemistry  chembio finland, here i come!"
hrm  nytpä tiedän miksi sitä on sairastellut niin paljon viime vuosina: ei ole täällä kaupungilla virpo<propfemale>t virponeet tuoreiksi <propfemale> terveiksi 
all i need is some sunshine!
"i just realised you could achieve amazing things by crossbreeding turritopsis nutricula, tardigrade and fire ant  it would most certainly produce biologically immortal extremophiles which self-assemble into waterproof rafts to survive floods!"
"encapsulate the spirit of melancholy  easy  boom, a sad desk  boom, sad wall  it's <propmale>  anything is anything "
"helsinki - seoul - helsinki 709e, pankkitili kiittää "
once upon a time there were 7 wonders  the babylonian military defeated the greeks but <propfemale> was ultimately victorious  and everyone lived happily ever after 
universe_sandbox_rip-unleashed tpb torrent
