186
30723e9e5ecfe6d20e5e67d1163e3965
15
-
has no idea what to put for a status
is ticked off at the man.
freeciv
is working on his report for poland and watching interesting programs on the history channel.
is working on his k-nex crossbow whilst watching vacation.
is detesting the onslaught of the new school year...  ugh...  school...
is not really doing anything in particular.  how exciting...
deus lo vult.
is going to bed...
is going to church...
is not doing anything of distinction as of now and is at a loss for a worthy status.
is currently sitting at the computer doing an ap world homework assignment.  mongols...
ran into mrs. kubacki at <propfirst>'s...
samhain's on saturday...
"""the government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.""  -<propfirst> <propfemale>"
"well, when i first used windows 7, i was like, ""windows 7 is so omg awesome,"" but now i'm pissed 'cause microsoft f'd with my paint.  it was perfect in  playful , but no, they had to add the flippin' ribbon...  why, microsoft, why?"
is going to sleep.  bonus noctes.
happy two days after thanksgiving!
drugs are bad.
there is something seriously wrong with nearly everyone in those bloody popper awards...
it's getting to be rather nice out these days.  anyone else sleep with their windows open?
"alas, here i am, sitting at my desk once more, doing homework to the detriment of my sleep."
"is currently configuring cygwin so i can run x, which should let me install and run fontforge on my windows so that i can finally turn that ruinic script into a font.   along other lines, happy thanksgiving!"
it's been insanely hot all day today...  it's not cooling down any...  why can't it be 43°f-63°f all the time instead of 75°f?
"wishes that facebook had an option for serif fonts or, even better, latin fonts."
is doing homework.
pay it forward.
"i walk out ðis morning as we're about to head over to church and it's, like, 90° out, or someþing.  i ðen realised it was december..."
is currently making a font.
"whiskey for my friends, beer for my horses."
"is really quite sleepy and probably ought to go to sleep, now ?at his maþ essay is done."
esperanto posedas ?iuj el <propfemale>.
i just got...                                   a sledgehammer.
"lol ðe mypersonality þing lists all the scandinavian countries, most of ðe germanic, and many of ðe eastern-european countries as ðe best matches for my personality...  the u.s.a. came in at #68.  haha, yes!  scandinavia, here i come!"
is going to sleep.
"has finally figured out the order and the names of the runes in his version of the ruinic fuþork (6 ætts, separated here by semicolons): f?h?, ?r?ß, þ?r's, ?þ?l?, r?ið?, k?n?; h?g?l's, n??þ?s, ?s?, j?r?, p?rþ, yggdr?s?l's; tyr's, b?rk?n?, ?hw?ß, m?nn?ß, l?g?ß, ??khw?ß; g?b?, ??nj?, sow?l?ß, z?t?, œþ?l?, d?g?ß; æs?ß, ?lg?ß, ??lg?ß, k??, ?ns?ß, v?r?ß; ð? m?s, ð?g?ß, ?æ, ??w?l??, ??s?w, ??."
is programming qfp.
'really should have gone to bed when i finished my homework at 11.
owned everyone at guitar hero at the church party  joyful 
"is working on science fair.  dust particles, yay..."
is finishing his homework.
is learning esperanto.
fiddler on the roof.
'sup?
¡??????????!
ah.  it is back  smile 
what the heck happened too my wall!?
sooooo bloody sleepy...    yeah...
is washing dishes.  words can not e playful ress the joy i feel because of this.
"can't wait 'till i can afford windows 7 and another internal hard drive (hopefully 1tb, ide) so i can dual boot with  playful ."
is kindä' sleepy... yeah.
is ? goin' to sleep.
is goin' to sleep now.  yeah.  -_-
"tyr`s day, yule 22, 2259 re"
eating [fig] newtons in physics class.
"math-class: surrounded by three girls, all shouting, ""do me, do me, do me!""   laugh "
watching the ibm-challenge on jeopardy
"""i, for one, welcome our new computer-overlords.""  lolz, jeopary.   laugh "
"good night, all.   smile "
that idiot in french-class just snorted his brains out in the doorway.  derp^1000
"doin' facebook, then homework, and, later, maybe goin'-over t' drake's house."
homiework.
"done with random facebook-quizzes.  now, onto physics-homefun.   annoyed "
"good night, all  smile "
goin' t' school.  enduring roco's hyperactivity.
"our free day in math-class was pretty boring.  oh, and awkward."
ran-into <propfemale> dasilva at <propmale> <propfirst>'s tonight.  yeah.  i know -- you care so much  smile 
"just bought some books at borders.  you know that 1/3 o' their stores're goin' outta business, right?"
"good morning, all."
roller-skating and usiung fafcebook sim$ealtaneaousdlky very hard to type  laugh 
sports clips (hair-cut).
"nose still hurts from last sunday, lol  smile "
"bah, allergies."
"uf-tour, today!"
eatin' at the swamp.
lookin' at fraternities.  sleepy...
headin' home from uf.  time for physics-homework  sad 
"""to get her, together"" (don't know what made me remember this spelling mnemonic  laugh ).  first grade, ftw"
uf was awesome!  movin' on to homework soon  smile 
a mi no me gustaria hacer mis tareas...
estoy completando mi tarea de ingles...  en espanol  laugh 
night!
"after years of failure, i have finally succeeded in creating cursive runes!   laugh "
"hi, mom and dad!"
"happy ""kiss a mexican"" day!   laugh "
cleaning the kitchen.
done studying for the psych.-test.
"""...cosmotology is the science of beauty; cosmology is the science of big beauty."". -dr. wright"
"estoy aburrido porque <propfemale> clase es mierda, asi estoy escribiendo en espanol.  es mas divertido, no?"
hangin'-out 'n' stuff.  yeah.
"how latin-speakers would pronounce english: dis is au e spicar of lenguats of latin vud trae spic inglis, if spicars of latin var stil araund.  as ju can si, spicars of latin vud haf e oribol acsent.  auvefar, acsent of inglis of spicars of latin is, at list, campriensebol.  well, it's time, now, to go take the final exam for latin i.  volofaceobene.  vale!"
w00t!  300 friends!
sleepy...
math class: screaming monkeys and dancing bunnies.  yeah.   laugh 
"time fer some lou'siana <propmale>'s cake!  early mardi gras, ftw!   laugh "
mom just ate the baby  laugh 
win: i am now in possession of an old pewter bowl  joyful 
"anyone up for some ""truth is""?"
i have to self-teach conversational <propmale> by friday   surprise   hope i have time.
learnin' <propmale>. gonna play m&b with some friends later.
omg! i love self-learning <propmale>! everything i say sounds so frickin' awesome! why don't they teach this at school?!
"so, who else got a 100 on their science fcat?"
"nap, then soccer-practice.   smile "
didn't know optimist conditioned like that!   laugh   i can't feel my legs!   laugh 
mir deutsch ist nicht gut!   laugh 
"procrastination, ftw  laugh "
talkin' with <propfirst> 'bout <propfemale> sun.
"shleepy...  night!   smile "
"school.  yeah...  fun, right?   annoyed "
"""if you give a man a fire, he'll be warm for a day; if you set a man on fire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life."" -maxx fernandez   laugh "
playing hnefatafl.  (nordic chess)
"apparently, you can't sign-up for a job at publix after a certain time.   annoyed   i wish i could better understand that lady's accent so that i'd know what time to come-back."
toast 'n' cola!  \ laugh 
it's kinda dark in here...   annoyed 
lmao no key  laugh  mallorie's pissed
busch gardens this weekend -- w00t!   laugh 
me on muzzy on drake on the bus  wink 
lmao 1-800-dog-poop
"c'mon, guyth!  i'm thuper duper thereal!"
new record: five statuses in one hour
"nub-fighting, ftw  laugh "
who else just lost the game?   playful 
the germans are here!
butch gardens today!   smile 
sheikra!!!!  laugh 
just watched an elephant poop.  my life is now complete.
sleepie.   smile 
doing homework for cannon's class.
sleepin'-time!
now is the time to not be awake.   smile 
"omg, it's monday.  i love mondays."
j'ai deux examens a demain.
"happy half day, everyone!   laugh "
\m/[-_-]\m/
"""that's me!  that's me!  i'm gorgeous!"""
"""i saw <propmale> in a speedo just the other day!"" ""...when you talked on the phone last night?"""
<propfirst> radtke is so cool.
"""if you can't spell 'constitution', you can't amend it."""
"""twinkle, twinkle, little <propfemale>, how i love the village school..."" thanks <propfirst>  playful "
dentist...   annoyed 
goin' t' go eat dinner with the germans.   smile 
"awkwardness, ftw  laugh "
"great day, yesterday.   smile  had an early release day, lunch at the village school, and got to hang-out with the achatz's.   smile "
time for sleep.  guad nochd!
enduring the cannon.
"guitar hero and mount&blade, ftw  smile "
i blame <propfemale> sun: dark <propfemale> for my overuse of emoticons.   annoyed 
"lol @ dogmatic people who delete their oppositions' comments.  thought-police, ftw  laugh "
bed-time!
"""the force is strong with this one."""
gyroscopes in physics-class.   smile 
"lmao, font-innuendo with <propmale> in ap psycho  laugh "
"recyling-bin-umbrella, ftw  laugh "
"life is beautiful, no?"
i'll primos con unos amigos!   smile 
already working on my powerpoint for next year's laureate  smile 
another great day   smile 
"soccer-game tomorrow.  sleep well, everyone!"
throwin' <propfemale> with biogreen at the st. <propfirst>'s day parade!   laugh 
"just finished givin'-out some bio<propfemale> from the biotruck for biogreen in the parade -- which, btw, is like <propfemale> for your yard.   laugh "
hangin'-out on facebook with some friends (this sentence perplexes me)   laugh 
"""the sun is hot!""  ~mom.  laugh "
@ mr. stuart: aren't you glad you never moved to japan?
"""what can you do with a poptart?""   laugh "
"tryin'-out this whole ""minecraft""-thing.   smile "
buzzkill: i can't seem to get minecraft to work.  annoyed 
<propfemale> wristwatch.
got new shoes yesterday.
doin' homework for ap psycho  smile 
"goodnight, <propfemale>."
"tomorrow: nle (national latin exam), signing-up for a job at publix (if god wills it), hemrick's essay, internet e playful lorer 9, and the psychoscroll (you'll get it if you're in my ap psycho class tomorrow)   laugh   goodnight, everyone but <propfirst>!   playful "
sleepy and thirsty.   smile 
ie9 comes-out in 1.5 more hours!   laugh 
bed-time!   smile 
"installing ie9!  w00t, lol  smile "
macbeth + scottish accent = awesome  laugh 
hi.
downloadin' skype.  username: sweyn9   smile 
creepin' on facebook  wink 
"i really should stop procrastinating sleeping.  oh, btw: good morning, europe!   smile "
japanese tsunamis make the world go 'round.   smile 
"top o' the mornin' to ye, and happy st. <propfirst>'s day!   smile   prepare to be pinched!   laugh "
lmao; <propfemale> radtke's voice just cracked!   laugh 
gettin' numb at the dentist.   annoyed 
.
"packing for d.c.!  take that, m.u.n.-kids! :þ"
spring break!!!   laugh   free at bloody last!   laugh 
"re-reading sun tzu's ""the <propmale> of war"""
 surprise   is that a hill i see just ahead?
"i now know exactly how word-order affects thought, and the word-order, as it turns out, alone can tell you the values of a culture."
"lol: the highway that we're on is closed; yay, waiting!   laugh "
"starting niccoló machiavelli's ""the <propmale> of war""  smile "
"""save the earth; it's our only source of chocolate""  smile "
*flavourgasm*
"""<propmale>'s mexican shop"" lmfao  laugh "
.
a hippie on the roadside just asked to hitchhike...  it's the 60's all over again  surprise 
kinda bored.
watching snooki clean a toilet.  good times.
"goin' to sleep.  good night, all.   smile "
d.c.: 38'f (3'c).  it's warmer in münich.   surprise 
"democrats go left, republicans go right, progress goes forward."
"d.c. ist kalt, lol  laugh "
so...  some noobs are randomly fist-pumping at the washington-monument.   laugh 
just saw some lady surrounded by secret service agents.
so tired!
just left the holocaust-museum.   annoyed 
so...  much...  walking...
gonna watch obama land his helicopter.   laugh 
"well, that was interesting."
"estamos vando a dormir, ahora. buenos noches.   smile "
smithsonian!
national gallery of <propmale>
"checkin'-out the museum from ""night in the museum"".  lookin'-forward to some living wax sculptures.   smile "
museum of american history.
arlington was closed when we got there.   annoyed 
"at the white house.  take that, m.u.n.-kids!"
'bout t' go eat me some dinnuh.
"goodbye, d.c.!   sad "
"national, cryptologic museum"
"just got to fredericksburg, <propfemale>"
"dear m.u.n.-team: the next time you go to europe, take me with you.  sincerely, <propmale>."
"just bought a sharp, long, full-tang confederate cavalry sabre reproduction for only $20.00!  what a bargain!   smile "
it might snow here on saturday  laugh 
dormez bien.
just bought full camo.  i feel like such a redneck  laugh 
goin'-into a haunted house.
goin' t' go 'n' eat some o' <propfirst>'s ice-cream.   smile 
dinner-time!   smile 
"""we're all naked under our clothes.""   laugh "
hangin' with the colonel.
playin' piano.
touring monticello.   smile 
just bought a harmonica.   smile 
it's snowing!   laugh 
"snow is so cool!   laugh   my hands are frozen, though.   smile "
just pelted mallorie with a snowball  playful 
headin' home.  no more snow...   sad   i feel so jipped
panera  laugh 
back in florida.   annoyed 
we're home!   smile 
"tired, lol  smile "
guidance counsellor
"sleepy.  i know, right?  such a surprise.   smile "
hangin' with <propfemale> fellow clock-haters  playful 
keepin' it pg with cola and <propfemale>...  facebook-style   laugh 
time to go to school (in russia)!
goin' to sleep.  good night (good morning if you're east of poland and west of <propfemale>)  smile 
"<propfemale> asked me to post this: ""rooster in a basket!!!"""
ridin' 'ome on <propfemale> loser-cruiser.   smile 
time for ap psycho with t-rad  laugh 
"""stop twitching sweets!""   laugh "
"just tried-out that whole ""league of legends"" thing."
w00t!  english essay is done!   laugh 
takin' a nap; mr. hemrick kept me up all night.
watchin' a laureate.   smile 
2081.
"can i get a, ""w00t-w00t!"" for friday?   laugh "
bowling.   smile 
"stronghold 3, shogun ii: total war, and tesv: skyrim.  who else is excited?   laugh "
"goodbye, cousins!"
doin' teh bibliography of teh hemrick.   smile 
"whatever you do, don't like this status.   playful "
"so, who's ready to take the unnecessary science-fcat?   smile "
"i keep falling asleep during the science-fcat, lol"
"well, that was a complete waste of time."
sleepy.  gonna take a nap before finishing the cannonwork.
completing teh cannonwork.
"goin' 'a sleep.  g'night, peeps.   smile "
"good morning, all.   smile "
ap psycho  smile 
just finished re-organizing all of my music.   smile 
"good night, <propfemale>.  good morning, europe.   smile "
now has a license to creep  wink 
relay for life t'night.   smile 
"a-watchin' the wee, <propfemale> lasses dance.   smile "
"tired!  soccer-game, soon.   smile "
got a new external hard drive.  seagate usb3.0 1tb sata  laugh 
homiework.
"so, english-class today was a giant fail for everyone but <propmale> colligan."
"just watched the trailer for skyrim, and...   zomgtesvskyrimisgonnabesooof**kingawesomeimgonnabeaddictedsobadlyforeverandimnevergonnadoanythingotherthanskyrimeveragainevurzomgggg!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   i hope this sums-up how i feel.   smile "
goin' to sleep.
"today is mr. hitler, mr. croce, and mr. bligh's birthday!"
"r.i.p. <propfirst> meier, sacrificed to the radtke."
can't wait for the end of kaliyuga.   smile 
god eostre!   smile 
e playful loring the hemrickian essay-homefun.
"dear mr. hemrick, please enjoy my 3,473 word, 11 <propfemale> essay.  sincerely, <propmale> huff"
school-time.  yeah...
tomaré español 3 este verano!   smile 
lmao; coach hutch works at the naples-zoo in the monkey-exhibit!   laugh 
"""when god gives you lemons, you find a new god!!!""   love  powerthirst  laugh "
good night.  allow the bed-bugs to nibble.   smile 
"lmao; someone set the school on fire  laugh   unfortunately, the firefighters put it out...   sad "
sleeping-in tomorrow.   smile 
goin' t' see atlas shrugged with my fellow cannon-kin.
"just watched atlas shrugged.  although the acting wasn't anything to be proud of, the plot was excellent.  recommended to centrists everywhere.  oh, and those bonus 135 points in cannonater's class are nice, too!   laugh "
lost my atlas shrugged ticket...  no extra credit for me.   sad 
accidentally deleted my village in stronghold kingdoms.  fail.
watching the <propmale> wedding and lookin'-forward to another summer of micronationalism.   smile 
who is <propfirst> galt?
playin' facebook in math-class.   smile 
watchin' grease at school.   smile 
grease was great!   smile 
17 in 5 hours and 30 minutes  laugh 
finally 17.   smile 
soccer-game today!   smile 
haircut...   annoyed 
gonna go get me some free iguana mia's fer dinner!   smile 
i've been happy birthdayed in seven different languages and from three different countries today!   laugh 
progress.
"hey, uh, does anyone who knows the time at which we need to be at hodges tomorrow for the ap-psycho ap-exam be willing to tell me the time at which we ought to be there?"
studying for tomorrow's ap psycho exam.
wasn't able to start reading my ap psycho review-book until around 17 smile 0; i'm not gonna be able to read it all.   annoyed 
can't wait to skip freshman-psychology in college!   smile 
just finished the non-verbal part of theodia's national anthem.   smile 
can't make it to soccer-practice tonight; the cannon-work is too great...   annoyed 
"estoy aburrido; no hay muchas cosas hacer porque no hoy tenemos senor radtke.  creo que construira mi idioma, zeodian."
todas de mis cosas de facebook son en espanol porque hoy es el cinco de mayo.   smile 
"estoy construyendo mi conlang, zeodian, otra vez."
soccer-game today.  hope i can find my socks.   annoyed 
"exhausting soccer-game, and probably the first i've ever seen with nearly everyone walking in the last quarter.   smile "
'tis night.
i love mornings.   smile 
"je suis dans <propfemale> clase de français.  personalmente, prefiero español, pero <propfemale> <propfemale>estra es simpatico."
micronationalism.   smile 
night!
"""i vill not <propfemale> zis hrecord; eet is scratched... i vill not bae zis tobackanists; eet eez scratched... my hovercraft ees foll of eels...  how vould you like to come-back to my place?  bouncy, bouncy...  my nipples burst vith delight!..  please fondle my buttocks.""  -international <propmale> python status day 2011  laugh "
trololololololololo
hopin' to get a gym membership today.   smile 
"those are some pretty intense scrapes, i'm not gonna lie."
"placentae, <propfemale>, and math-class.  what a day.   laugh "
falling asleep...
we won our first game at optimist today.   smile 
"so...  the rapture was s'posed to start about 19 minutes ago, lol"
"watching ""deuce bigalow"".  it's rather funny  laugh "
writing hemrick's essay and learning about the yuga-cycle.
enjoying reading everyone's statuses in my newsfeed.   laugh 
"just learned a new script, the glyphs from <propfemale> sun: dark <propfemale>."
that physics-test was quite possibly the most stressful test i've yet taken in this life.   annoyed 
on facebook in cannon's class.
"i know a computer can handle ltr and rtl, but does anyone know how to get it to work with boustrophedon?"
"halt mane?r, h?ns hvar??ze? ho?k r?gdze?r 's fro?de?l ha?k h?ew??e?l bo?r?t be??þ."
watchin' the indy 500.   smile 
i've finally given-in and downloaded steam.   smile 
buzzkill @ the guy who ran into 3 in the last lap.   surprise   that's a bad day...  congratulations to the brit!
playing my harmonica.   smile 
workin'-on my version of the yugas again.
just finished inventing my own system of astrology.   smile 
"finished my essay! and, yes: it is just like the one he showed us in class.   playful "
"sat-testing.   smile   hopin' to set the curve for the multiple-choice sections of the writing parts of the test.  grammar, ftw.   laugh "
actually finished the sat!   laugh 
suddenly loves pandora.
"well, ex-seniors, it's been fun.   smile   best of luck to you guys, in college and elsewhere."
i wish my computer wasn't so slow...  it just took four minutes to move an animation up one slot in microsoft powerpoint...
just finished my powerpoint for hemrick's class today.  worked almost non-stop the whole weekend on it.   smile 
just finished my runic font!   smile 
"senior after 1st period!   laugh   happy last day of school, everyone!"
"@deutschland: enjoy your extra weeks of school!  summer-break, ftw!!!   playful "
at long last: a senior am i!   laugh 
"""mr. radtke, if you were a rapper, your name would be t-nasty!"" ~kelsey sherer    laugh "
i just spent the whole day in the library.  i have achieved a whole new level of nerdiness.   laugh 
miller is a firework!!!   laugh 
loving summer-break already.   smile 
just spent all weekend workin' on teh micronationalisms.   smile 
making a calender for the theodian fiscal-year and working on my language.   smile 
just watched the <propmale> of persia.
it's so nice outside today.  i wish it were always like this.   smile 
i hate ear-zits.
is very surprised at how many people are still awake.
turning-off the phone so facebook won't wake me up again.   surprise 
"got four more pages of a constitution left to write, and only one day left to do it."
creepin' on your facebook <propfemale>...   wink 
almost done with that constitution.   smile 
"the letter <propfirst> <propfemale> gave me: rsomething i like: rhoticssomething i dislike: running a lotsomething i love: runeslike my status for a letter, unless, of course, uh, you for some reason don't want a letter (in this case, comment and i'll give you a rune)."
maha.
...still waiting to get accepted into an flvs spanish iii class.  really starting to think i should have taken latin ii.   annoyed 
really should stop staying-up all night.
"""libyan leader muammar al-qaddafi accuses nato of murdering civilians""  ^ something's wrong with this picture"
finally!  a survey that says less than 50% of americans want obama back in office!   laugh 
makin' currency.   smile 
"well, it's finally official: flvs didn't have enough room in its spanish iii class for me.   annoyed   so much for that."
happy 234th anniversary of kicking england's ass!   playful 
beach.   smile 
"fireworks, ftw!   laugh "
"hamburgers, hot-dogs, apple-pie...  yep, we're a stereotype today.   smile "
"""a brawl erupted  in afghanistan's parliament over an impeachment motion against president hamid karzai.""  lol, nubs."
installing debian; i'm tired of waiting five minutes to open msword.
"can't stop singin', ""miller is a firework!""   smile "
dual boot win7 + debian linux = win  laugh 
finally got linux to work. now lets see if i can get oblivion on wine...  smile 
"compiling source-code... or at least trying, lol.   smile "
"...half of this ""country"" song is a rap about cornbread and truck-hoods.  wtf, cat country..."
happy day of free slurpies!   smile 
"given-up on debian (apparently, it's for linux-e playful erts).  gonna try linux mint (which is good for noobs, like me).   smile "
gym.   smile 
esperanton mi lernas; flvs malamas <propfemale>.   smile 
meritocratic demarchy > democracy
"fors dit mat skol'l s, nit mat boga, poisonwood bible, ingin radan mu."
the hairy potter comes-out in only t-2hrs!   laugh 
just finished the poisonwood bible!   laugh 
good morning!   smile 
watchin' <propmale> potter and gettin' fat on popcorn.   smile 
writing college-essays.   smile 
watchin' paranormal activity on netflix.
working on my language and learning some esperanton.   smile 
listening to my old sonic 3d blast game-cd and getting nostalgic about the good ol' days of windows 2000.   smile 
"raid0, ftw  laugh "
"took-apart three computers last night for parts.  can't wait for the rest to come-in from ebay!   laugh "
just got <propmale> rolled.   smile 
good [last two minutes of] morning!   smile 
"<propfemale> on my wayward son, you'll be peace when you are done.  lay your weary head to rest, don't you cry no more."
watching dragonheart.   smile 
at the crow wing county-fair.   smile 
watching captain <propfemale>!   smile 
gladiator watch i.   smile 
watchin' the last of the mohicans.   smile 
"well, it's official: i'm 1/32 french.   sad "
roasting marshmellows.   laugh 
twin cities tomorrow!   smile 
mall of <propfemale>!   smile 
"oh, yah -- you betcha!"
just got a recorder!   laugh 
at some zoo.
must have been a slow winter in minnesota; there are pregnant people everywhere.
flying back home to florida
creepin' from the skies   wink 
taking the red-eye on that last stretch home.
"unfortunately, we have returned to florida."
that feeling of accomplishment when you play your favourite game on <propmale> graphics without lag on a computer you just built yourself.   laugh 
bah!  i hate windows.
good advice: oem versions of windows hate custom-built computers.
i [i]would[/i] drop the bios jumper in the case...
just created most of the grammar for a conlang optimized for war.  it only took an hour!   smile 
archery.   smile 
glad i finished nearly all of my summer assignments last month.  good luck to those who only just started the poisonwood bible!   playful 
really need to fix that chainmail...
does anyone know how to do those five abstracts for laureate?
babysitting.
windows got here!   smile 
is now in love with kde.   laugh 
gym.
time to set the alarm back to 6 surprise 0.   smile 
gym.
dinner at <propfemale> <propfemale>?  $32.  smuggling-out 20+ fortune-cookes?  priceless.
last day before the last year of high school!   laugh 
synchronized wenis-slapping.   wink 
"important to all who are taking ap government this year: if you did any extra credit assignments for that class, bring the books you did the assignments on or you may not receive credit."
good night.   smile 
"senior year, ftw!!!!!!   laugh "
"perhaps surprisingly, i had a great day at school today, haha   smile "
senora voorhees is doing a-team!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
"drank too much grapefruit-juice, lol"
really need to plant that pineapple-top.
giving opensuse a try.
opensuse's partitioner is the best disk-part'ing tool i've ever used.  highly recommended; it can do just about anything!
time to do mine economics homework.   smile 
just memorized the jrotc cadet-creed.  smile 
...and windows update breaks my new copy of windows in record time: 8 hours!  reinstalling...   sad 
playing medieval ii: total war and using facebook.   smile 
good night!
"installing ms office  playful  because i hate the ""ribbon-interface"" of 2007+.   smile "
m2tw-time!!!!   laugh 
just decided to learn the castillian pronunciation of spanish; it better suits my whiteness.   playful 
"good night, facebook.   smile "
"rest in peace, ye who on 11/9/01 perished in the terrible inferno, so caused by untrue men."
"so, apparently i'm going to the beach.  hope i don't get a tan.   smile "
"i now have 18 pineapple-plants growing outside.   laugh  that means theodia's gdp is now approximately $39.27!   laugh "
talking to my friend from malta.   smile 
jes bought a kilt!  laugh 
i  love  cake.   laugh 
need the instructions for the poisonwood bible thing.  that lit-brick is useless...
all-nighter #2: this time i'll be waking-up at 3:10.
good morning!  time to start that gorence-essay.   smile 
"i finished the essay!!! awwww yeeeeeaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!take that, mrs. gorence!  laugh *dances a mighty dance of victory**returns to seat**clicks post*"
so...  tired...
'tis a beautiful morning.   smile 
my graphics card runs vanilla oblivion on <propmale> graphics with no lag!  w00t!  i should've built a computer a long time ago!   laugh 
downloading mods for oblivion.   laugh 
eatin' at hooters: a family restaurant.
the kilt is here!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
"finished downloading oblivion-mods.  time to figure-out how to get all 200 working together!   laugh  (i used to have 400 on my  playful , but, eh.)"
"haha, facebook's improved sidebar makes it so much easier to creep...   wink "
"inventing words for mine invented language, updating theodia's constitution (now <propfemale> version 1.1), and weaving chainmail.   smile  what an interesting life i lead.   playful "
"repairing six years' worth of chainmail-damage is a time-sucking chore.  i should have invested in riveted and stainless maille, lol"
"haha, this new ""close friends"" thing makes it sooo much easier to stalk people!   laugh "
spirit-week monday: businessman in a kilt
spirit-week tuesday: scottish tourist from hell   laugh 
"ohh, the acquaintances flag hides people i don't care-about from the news-feed.  selective stalkery, ftw!   laugh "
just upgraded to <propfemale>. it's so much faster than firefox stable!  smile 
duvn ak slawan wajt'n muv; slajwit ajn mih.
spirit-week wednesday: <propfemale> larpist extraordinaire!
fedora 16 is the first <propmale> distro to switch to b-tr.f.s.!  great job!   laugh 
"just took-off the chainmail.  i feel so much lighter!   laugh "
just learnt the titanic theme on the recorder.   smile 
shark olympics!   laugh 
what the hell?  youtube is spamming my facebook!  i didn't do half the stuff it posted...
"no one should use youtube's facebook-thing, as it will post unwanted things all over you profile."
"sorry everyone for today's fail.   sad  on the morrow, i kilted shall be once more!"
spirit-week friday: kilted badass
"doing the thing for gorence that was due friday.  heil sparknotes!"
oblivion!   laugh 
i seem to be going-through a sort of troll-phase.
i taught myself how to play the recorder with the wrong hands.  now none of the ones i want to buy have the holes in comfortable positions...   annoyed 
just found-out that istevejobs idied.
"ah, i most unfortunately appear to have contracted an illness nasally.  i have class, so unless my parents force me, i shan't attend school tomorrow, in the interest of stopping the spread."
"interesting... my synesthesia isn't solely grapheme -> colour; h in latin is a different one from cyrillic. also, allophonic phonemes tend to have similar colours. perhaps i also go phoneme -> colour?"
"estamos en iguana mia's, donde la comida es muy delicioso.   smile "
"sleepy...  *feigns textual yawn*"
"finally got some contacts!   smile  glasses coming soon!   laugh "
"god dæg yæt leifr eiriksson wæs in <propfemale>!!   laugh  happy <propmale> ericson day!   laugh "
"happy <propmale> ericson day, everyone!   laugh "
"tutoring a pakistani immigrant in american-english pronunciation went pretty well, today.   smile "
"today is the day to install fcom convergence...and start mine economics-project.   smile "
'tis thor's day.   smile 
"just tweaked the phonology and grammar of theodian..  it's extremely mature now, and i had thought i was done revising.  guess not, lol.   smile "
there's no music quite as beautiful as the kind that comes-from a piano.   smile 
how are we supposed to make our binder for economics?
finally trying-out angry birds.
"installing debian, ubuntu, and fedora; working on homework and micronationalism; and posting on facebook.  i  love  multitasking.   laugh "
"wonderful day.   smile  rather relaxing when comparison to normalcy."
time to start all the heart of darkness stuff.   smile 
the sparknotes for heart of darkness really are longer than the book!
no swamp-buggy parade for jrotc tomorrow.
"great job today, fellow a-team aficionados!"
my new glasses finally came-in!   laugh 
"just pre-ordered tesv: skyrim!  awwwwwww, yeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh "
"so...  senior skip-day tomorrow?   smile "
preparing for battle...
haha: my face is covered in rust!   laugh 
how nice it was to sleep today.   smile 
almost halfway done with my laureate-essay's rough draft!   smile 
being stalked by an army of evil mosquitos...
9 days 'til skyrim!   laugh 
"e-ink is the future of computer-displays.  just wait; by 2030, lcd's could be completely replaced by e-ink displays.   laugh "
latin homework...
"mount & blade: warband is amazing. it literally took, like, 26+ hours to download, but it was <propfemale> worth it. oh, and the surgery went great, though i can't sit now for two weeks (which means i get an extra week off of school). yeah.  laugh "
"home from the party, donde saltemos sobre unos fuegos grandes."
larpin' t'day.  gonna pwn me some noobs!
is probably going to school tomorrow...
"larping was awesome!  so, who's goin' back next sunday?"
"sum in carro patri et matri...  vias multa ad indiana tenevimus.  vinncennus in indiana est patriam patri.  est noctem, nunc."
just memorized tourdion.  now at school.
"goin' larpin' with drake.  chainmail, ftw  laugh "
2+2=5.
"the wound got hurt, but, thankfully, the stitches remained intact.  regrdless, i won't be at school tomorrow."
"check, check, check, check, check..."
"¡????,???????!?¡????????????????????????????????????????????????????!?"
<propfemale> resitance!
"is going to school tomorrow, regardless of the fact that i can only sit for about 20mins at a time.  well, there's worse things, i suppose."
"is currently making a font in the cygwin-based program, fontforge."
"yay, homework..."
<propfemale>...  goin' to sleep 'n' stuff...
now watching plusgood movie forthepartytube (youtube) named 1984.
just practiced for larp with drake.
school...
"the eyafjallajörkull volcano in ísland is only the beginning...  it always triggers the eruption of katla, which is 10x bigger and about 32 years overdue for eruption.  good-bye, remnants of global economy.  hello, nice, not-hot summer."
just watched that movie about the guy who invented facebook.
"""death is the number one cause of death.""  --mallorie"
"""quand je bois du vin clairet..."""
"'school today...  but, i guess 'ye already knew that"
"fellow larpists (specifically, first-timers): please rsvp on the larp-event-page so that we know how many weapons to make."
"just got... il <propmale> and the first three books of <propmale>'s divine comedy...  heh-heh, i'm going to have fun this summer..."
still misses <propfemale> (the recently deceased dog) and is playing somber tunes via cheap whistle to pass the time...
packers won.  ...but i guess you already read all the other statuses.
what an awkward psychology class...
english party!
scho surprise ol's out for summer!  *guitar* scho surprise ol's out for ever!...
gonna go eat me some <propfemale> babies now :þ
"is in southern indiana, hanging out with the grandparents."
"medieval times dinner & joust tonight, new year's party afterwards!"
"like, half the school is going larping this weekend -- even more incentive to get this chainmail fixed."
in international relations (a.k.a. study hall).  good job to all who performed today!
<propfemale>'s died...
zomg!  the wild's back!  w00t!
just finished practising with drake.  now jogging around the block.
to all that don't know: it's at 12 surprise 0-2 surprise 0 (but it may run 'till 5 surprise 0) on sunday at veteran's park.
no longer have a ride to the medieval faire.  will be drawing things in mspaint for the remainder of the day.  ...not that anyone cares  smile 
"so, drake's new glaive is pretty awesome  laugh "
mediæval-faire of avesomeness on ye morrov!!!
yay!  there's a cold front coming-in just in time for the medieval faire!
medieval faire was amazingly awesome!
"at <propfirst>'s house, lighting things on fire."
feasting.
"goin' t' sleep.  g'night, all."
"just finished the project.  yay, une playful ected all-nighter..."
"the spoils of war: 19 lbs of <propfemale>, a bible, and three empty bottles."
beat <propfemale> sun 3.  now on to latin homework!
is doing latin homework.
beowulf is still wearing his chainmail.
dormit.
has signed-up for the sat-testing 'in december.
got a new phone.
i have 2^7 facebook-friends!
beowulf hath finally removed his chainmail.
the act sucked.
"mall, publix, dinner."
"sleep, then school.  woot."
one more day...  <propfemale> <propfemale> mas...  unus dies plus...
got <propfemale> sun: dark <propfemale> and became instantly addicted to it.
good night!
two more days of school and then we're ******* free!   laugh 
goin' t' bed.  g'night.
"is now working on that international relations project, solo."
happy new year!  2011!
is watching the big bang theory.
school.
the <propfemale> trees out back are finally shedding their leaves...
don't have time to finish repairing chainmail.  now improvising...
two more days 'till th' weekend!
what's with all these status messages about doing drugs?
sat's tomorrow!
is creating awkward situations on facebook.
working on an international relations with <propmale>.
studying...
studying for the sat.
bad nose-bleed.  covered in blood.  white pants stained.  fml.   sad 
"good luck, all, with your midterms!"
"hangin'-out.  to those who are in my neighbourhood: feel free to come-over today, whenever."
larping!
new year's <propfemale> party at <propmale>
just finished a sword for larp!
happy single awareness day!
can't go to the faire tomorrow; my ride can't go  sad 
psychology class...
so...  flippin'... sleepy... .. .
just trilled an n!
weaving chainmail.
the superbowl: the only show in which one fast-forwards through the show itself to get to the commercials.
"for those of you who live in my neighbourhood, feel free to come-over today, if you want to."
studying for the nle and psych.
"act's tomorrow.  g'night and good luck, all."
"good morning, all."
"sleep first, church next, larping last."
how'd everyone do on their 'can you read english' and 'can you count' tests?  (the fcats)
