541
41ef345410ba421410cb4d09c331aec3
26
-
do i download plants v zombies from popcap ... hmmm ...
<propfirst> has just broken the cat litter box ....
time for bed said zebedee ....
k'zinti has discovered lizards and earthworms ...
the monster is loose ....
<propfirst> just ate a whole box of malteasers!
night night ...
"needs beauty sleep, is off to bed very shortly ..."
"the kings speech .... awesome film, a must watch!  smile "
<propfirst>'s making me watch groundhog day .... again!
"so, off to bed - busy day tomorrow!  smile   sweet dreams all. xx"
is very tired after a fantastic day trooping so is off to beddy byes!  smile 
my head hurts ...  sad 
i was going to do something but i'm damned if i can remember what!
time to take the monster child to bed ...  smile 
"<propmale> angel: with respect, sir, you can't just make people disappear. chief inspector: yes i can, i'm the chief inspector."
"the monster's looseand now you know the truthtell me can you feel itas you hit the wallthe monster's looseand now you have to chooseand prove that you can take itto the top and never fallthe monster's looseyou've lost your last excusenow show me that you got iteven when you fallthe monster's loosethis game is win or loosesometimes you gotta' do itand show the world you want it all"
"i've lived a thousand years in darknessbanished all aloneinside my mind with just my madnessbehind these walls of stonei was falling apart at the seamsholding my breath just to breathei tasted the sting of my tearsi was waking up stuck in a dreamran out of air, couldn't screamedwasted away by my fears"
"i've paid for all my mistakestaking all i can takeuntil i'm ready to breaki'm feeling viciousand so outrageousit breaks usi'm leavingstill breathingi'm tearing through these chainsthe monster's looseand as you know the truthtell me can you feel itas you hit the wall"
"i'm angry (i'm angry)i'm raging (i'm raging)i'm breaking through the painthe monster's looseand now you know the truthtell me can you feel itas you hit the wallthe monsters looseand now you have to chooseand prove you can take itto the top before you falli've walked a slippery roadfelt a twitch in my soulthrough the wind and the coldwith no protectionjust one directiondestruction"
"i've been living my life in a cagefreedom spits in my faceit was such a disgraceand i was lonelyand feeling emptydesperatei had my head in a noosei had nothing to loosehad enough of abuseand now i'm dangeroushateful, contagiousit haunts us"
the monster is loose ...
england try at last!!!  shambles of a match!!!
"<propmale>, (sifo dyas) no offence but please stop sending me links for the novare alliance - trying to poach members from a group you belong to in order to create your own is a banning offence in any decent group! it's especially daft when you're trying to poach founder members and members of the admin team. are you doing this with all the groups you belong to? not very nice to betray peoples trust in you!  sad "
is watching bad boys ...  smile 
watching hot shots ...
"marathon soak in the bath, jacket potato with cheese and beans and waiting to get my wonderful hubby back from mem ...  smile "
has a cool new zombie t shirt - thanks darlin'. xxx
is tired ...
has a rather spiffy arkham asylum hoodie ....  smile 
is going to find out what the kitten just trashed ...
... time to pay the bills ...  sad 
"the devil child doesn't like bubbles, she runs away!  finally something the little monster is 'scared' of! :"
"look at 'em. they're cattle; pieces of meat. what difference does it make how their world ends? plague... war... famine. morality doesn't even enter into it. we're just a function of natural selection, man."
needs to seriously think about re-making the wok ...
so what now?
'the reason i ask you rather than <propfirst> is that we all know who the boss really is....and who makes all of the executive decisions.'  correct!  smile   straight to the top of my christmas card list! xx
is watching the pilot episode of <propfemale> trek - truly dreadful! lol
has been cooking up gelatin for prosthetics ...
is it bedtime yet?
"""it's not the destination, so much as the journey."""
is wondering if i should bake chocolate cakes for 3darths on sunday?
apparently the m11 has been closed off 'somewhere' hope all the guys got to 3darths ok!  smile 
new feather flights added to spear (with 'help' from the kitten) - need to sew a couple of holes up and then all ready for 3darths tomorrow!  smile 
is watching logans run  smile 
"time to box up the cakes, dig out my crew shirt and go night nights ready for 3darths tomorrow!  smile "
is stiching a shoulder strap for a machine gun!  smile 
food and drink all sorted for my boys at chevron.  smile 
boys packed up and on their way to chevron.  smile 
has reclaimed the greenhouse!  smile 
missing my hubby! xx
"boys home from chevron, fed watered and watching the f1 that was recorded.  smile "
just put an awesome troop at colchester zoo on the sw forums - get signed up peeps!  smile 
looking for a pic of the <propfemale> gate that could be used for a pendant ... can anyone help?
have been to lunch at aroma with my lovely boys - now doing a very good impression of a slightly deflated beach ball!  smile 
"have been out of touch for the past week or so, sorry if i've missed anything that i should have responded to! xx"
cats are poetry in motion.  dogs are gibberish in neutral. - <propmale>.
so tired ... has been an intense day!
"morticia: wednesday's at that very special age when a girl has only one thing on her mind. ellen: boys? wednesday: homicide."
wonders whether to 'do' the ori prior for one of the days @ lfcc ...
"2l of ribena made up and in the fridge, 12 cups of orange squash / ribena in freezer ... drinks ready for trooping tomorrow ... just need to remember to get them out in the morning! lol"
anyone know a vet that treats ewoks?
"drugs, bed, more drugs ... i hate being ill, there's too much to do ...  sad "
too ill to troop at colchester zoos' dream night - gutted!  sad 
is wondering whether to carve the chicken or carve the kitten? .... hmmmmm ... roast kitten anyone?
back at work after a week off sick and soooooooo tired!
time for an early bed ...
"how to catch mice in the garden the k'zinti way:find mice smell ...follow smell to vicinity of mouse burrow ...sit patiently and wait for mouse to emerge? no!  dig 'em out!"
thank you darling <propfirst> connor and nici chapman of goblin dreams for my lovely dragonfly and stargate pendants - they're awesome!  smile  xx
"early bed!  smile   night night, sweet dreams.  smile "
it's too humid and i have to go to sainsbury's!  boo hoo
hanging out the washing ...
"still can't kick this lousy cold/itis/bronchial thing, so tired!!!  sad   watching the plan - i want a cylon as a pet ... the metal kind!  smile "
is organising the summer bbq  smile 
what we need is more milk of human kindness in the cream of society.
gutted ... dead car = no troop and no build-a-bear.  sad   *sob*
"all 245 pics are now up on photobucket, and the <propfemale> warriors forums - i'll post some up on here tomorrow.  smile "
mafia wars isn't working so i'm gonna do hubbys lunch ready for tomorrow and then go to bed!  smile 
"welcome to the weekend, yaaaay!  smile "
i am sooo tired and i ache so much after yesterday! lol
"great time yesterday, can't believe we didn't get home until 3am!!!! lol  smile "
they say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship. these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live and they don't hold grudges. they understand life is busy but you will always love them. re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends. i am privileged to say that i do!
"due to unavoidable personal circumstances a friend of mine needs to re-home their dog.<propmale> is a 2 year old black and white border collie - he has been neutered, is house trained and very well behaved, although he is also 'mad as a box of frogs'! he is a really lovely chap who's used to children (although he can be bit boisterous) he has grown up with cats but still chases them!"
soon be christmas ... did all my pressie shopping online ... all now waiting for delivery at various depots and delayed because of the snow!!! lol
my mobbie is fracked - if you're texting me i can't get the texts so call on the landline or call <propfirst>!  smile   i am not ignoring you! lol
has had a long day and is off to bed ....  smile 
is knackered after stealing policemens hats and anything else that wasn't nailed down - i tried to steal an sa80 but my axe wouldn't chop through the steel chain!  smile   another awesome day out with some of the best guys on the planet!  thanks guys. xx
"is having one of <propfirst> and nats kittens - thanks <propfirst>, i love you! xxx"
f1 on the telly ... would rather be watching survival of the dead on dvd!
is still gutted - am taking pickle cat and going to bed ... *stamps feet and slams door*
shattered after a weekend trooping.  great time at 3darths!  smile 
watching the crazies ...
right off to bye byes - early start tomorrow.  at least 350 new jobs!!!
"let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves, nor half of the evil they say of others.j. petit senn"
blackberries are black so why aren't rasberries called redberries????
"crackin' day gromit!  proud to know <propmale> and the guys from the a127mcc, the a127diner and the goldwing owners club!  thanks for the ride and the drumkit!  smile   over  £1000 raised today - you rock!"
3darths tomorrow - gonna torment some scout troopers  smile 
is waiting for <propfemale> to come collect the hire car ...
"have been to sainsburys and bought so much dead animal it's untrue, have ocado delivery coming tomorrow ... let the party begin!  smile "
k day - 1 ....  smile 
is going out 'woking' tomorrow and will be stealing policemens helmets given half a <propmale>!  smile 
"twinkle, twinkle little <propfemale>, how i wonder what you are?are you a <propfemale> twinkling bright?or just another bloody satellite"
we went to the zoo today!  smile 
"desperately looking for an outfit to go with my lovely bright yellow shows for <propmale> and <propfemale>'s wedding in two weeks time - yellow is not this seasons colour, heeeeeeeeelp!!!"
what light? i'm still looking for the tunnel!
"i put washing out and now it's raining, pooh!"
1 nil to england in the first 4 minutes ...
"it's cold outside, there's no kind of atmospherei'm all alone, more or less ..."
bed .... !!!!
"yesterday is e playful erience, tomorrow is hope... today is getting from one to the other."
"put my washing out and now it's raining, pooh!  i'm going to bed!"
finally got all pics up on photobucket!  now i'm going to bed ... zzzz   smile 
where has the weekend gone?????
where is the week going????
"dreadful, truly dreadful! what an awful match.   sad "
"apologies, not around much at the mo - my laptop is poorly sick  sad   if anyone is it geeky and knows about pci conflicts (damn thing keeps shutting down!) please please help ... contact me via <propfirst>!  smile   <propfemale> everso ..."
is feeling very <propmale> and <propmale> and doesn't like it!  sad 
"omg, what a stunning weekend! sw raised just over £600 for apec and had a fantastic time.  i now have over 250 photos to get posted up ....  smile "
"when all the trees have been cut down,when all the animals have been hunted,when all the waters are polluted,when all the air is unsafe to breathe,only then will you discover you cannot eat money.cree prophecy"
pickle cat has her own <propfemale>!  smile 
"is off to bed, will try to catch up with everyone / everything i've missed over the next few days.  smile "
off to lfcc ... yaaaaaaaaay!!!
is off to get some beauty sleep ...
"life is easier than you think -- all you have to do is this: accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, bear the intolerable, and be able to smile at anything."
bed time - now the idiot highways agency have finished drilling the steel barrier outside the house!!!!! grrrrrrrr!
night night ... xx
ready for my trike ride tomorrow!  smile   ewok's roole! lol
k'zinti off to the vets tomorrow  sad   only to be spayed - but still hate it.
wants the hugmaster to come and play on saturday - but don't mention him!  smile 
needs some beauty sleep...  smile 
"has put underpants on head, pencils up nose and is saying *wibble!*"
"getting ready for lfcc, woo hoo!  smile "
"bed now, my feet still hurt from wearing ridiculously high heels on saturday ..."
"time for bye byes - night night all, sweet dreams!  smile "
"all is ready, bring on the horde ... lol"
is playing with excel ...
painting nails and typing just don't seem to go together!  how frustrating. lol
the reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.  smile 
has to be up at 6am ... yeuch!  time for bed said zebedee ... f*ck off said <propfemale> who was in a thorougly bad mood!
has just broken a nail and is going to bed!
"had a wonderful day at camden market with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, stephie and <propfirst> and a lovely day yesterday with <propfirst> and <propfirst>.  thank you all for making my birthday weekend so great and for all my pressies!  smile  xx"
thanks everyone for the bd wishes - now i need help to name my kitten.  what shall i call her?
have bought paint to give the ewok a makeover - just need a nice warm evening this week ...  smile 
bed ....
waiting for ocado to deliver my shopping ...
trying to upload pics to fb .... why is it so flamin' difficult?  i keep creating the album but does it show?  does it heck as like!  sheesh!
"i now have a new phone, but all my <propfirst> were saved on the old phone that's frelled!  so... please can everyone pm or text me their <propfirst>.  thankus muchus.  smile "
k day - 3!!!   smile 
"just signed up for 3 darths - woohoo ewok madness, bring it on!  smile "
"ok, who snuk off to the greenhouse with the profiteroles (mr hailes!) i found the plate in there! ;p"
that light at the end of the tunnel aint no light!  it's the headlamps on a high speed train!
"back to work tomorrow, keep the cats in the style to which they've become accustomed!  smile "
saw the first snowdrop today ...  smile 
"so burning copies of the koran is a good way to remember the poor souls that died in terrorist attacks?  i bet they're turning in their graves!  it is wrong to burn a holy book, any holy book!  heck it's wrong to burn books period!!!!  no true man (or woman) of god would encourage such a thing - this so called pastor needs a reality check!"
"i have flu, feel crap!  sad "
"very large latte, rubish tv and bed!  smile "
sleep ...
"""i'm mean, nasty and tired. i eat concertina wire and piss napalm, and i can put a round trough a flea's ass at 200 meters. so you go hump somebody else's leg, mudface, before i push yours in."""
"k day - 2, nearly there!  smile "
it's raining again!  sucks!!!
has nice new shiny laptop from <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile  - why is it nothing is compatible with windows 7?????
need to do my banking but flamin barclays website isn't responding!!!!!   grrrrrrrr how can i spend money wheb i don't even know if i have any????   *sigh*
wants somewhere to go to wear her fab new bright yellow shoes!
still coughing and soooooooooo tired but on the upside i'm getting bored so i must be getting better - back to work tomorrow!  smile 
is very lucky to have my wonderful husband and such fantastic friends!  smile 
"my laptop is broken but on the bright side we are having a 'beach party' day at work and i'm eating lovely chinese for lunch, yummy!  thanks boss!"
"happy christmas <propfemale> everyone, <propfemale> will soon be on his way!  smile "
happy new year!!!!!! love to all. xx
"up at 7.30 ready for shopping to be delivered between 8 and 9 ... wrong day, it's coming tomorrow!  d'oh!"
"now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?  ~coleman cox"
"one day, someone showed me a glass of water that was half full.  and he said, ""is it half full or half empty?""  so i drank the water.  no more problem.  ~alexander jodorowsky"
