266
e9970fe8848e9505b52d414d81611de8
36
+
i'm scared of you'll say.. so i'm hiding what i'm feeling... but i'm tired of holding this inside my head...
"street lights, glisten on the boulevard. and cold nights make staying alert so hard. for heaven's sake keep me awake so i won't be caught off guard."
just made a decision. it's already upsetting but i'd rather it come sooner than later.
is in a state of confusion
is so damn frustrated you have no idea.
just organized a million photos
can't think
needs a form of entertainment right now
"is sick of people who are only ""trying to figure me out"""
as i'm looking to the sky to count the stars i wonder if you see them where you are
got her arm biopsied and stitches for it. yay! lol. not so much
"if the bombs go off, the sun will still be shining. because we've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining"
grad party. hit me up on the cellular device. 248 924 0573
"this world keeps spinning faster, to a new disaster. so i run to you..."
"painting.  love  high rise, veins of the avenue. bright eyes and subtle variations of blue. everywhere is balanced there like a rainbow above you"
has that ~~>  \~/   feeling
looking for something to do. call me
your nerves gather with the altitude. exhale the stress so you don't come unglued
"damn... i didn't check my facebook for like 5 days and i had 73 notifications,  17 messages and 36 requests.... are you serious???"
hates liars. goodnight  love  spending the night with <propfirst> and <propfemale>.  smile 
is attempting to learn the hoedown throwdown with alexx and <propfirst>  love 
"the silence isn't so bad, till i look at my hands and feel sad, cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly."
"is sick, has no voice and is grumpy. i need to call my doctor tomorrow  sad "
has laryngitis/pharyngitis among other things. yeah.. fml. i'm going back to bed.
is probably the saddest she's been in a long time.
as of late a lot of family members have been messaging me. it makes me smile.
had an amazing night with a bunch of friends and thanks them for the much needed cheering up. ?
"make this last, take it slow. we've got it all figured out for now. so let us live our lives without a doubt"
"""life is funny sometimes, but if you look close enough you find hope: in the words of children, in the bars of a song, and in the eyes of someone you love... and if you're lucky enough, that person decides to love you back."""
got a tattoo today!
i love corner pieces.... mmmmmm pizza
i cut my hair!
"sometimes i wonder if i really am turning my life around, or if another downward spiral is just hiding around the corner..."
new tattoo!
"my sister, <propfemale> choate , has a facebook. you should add her. because she's pimptastic."
dance concert tonight. any one wanna go? text me.
gives up.
"heartache doesn't ever really go away; not even with time, it simply dims into a background noise, always threatening to pull you under if you listen too closely."
did you know you can disable people from being able to comment on your wall? weird.
so... am i the only girl here with tattoos or piercings. totally feel like a freak
i'll be ok... is that what you want me to say?
routines can be like straitjackets...
so... wow.
dance class was uh-mazing
so not about to do this again...
dude! my subway man is back!
maybe constantly moving will turn into a moving on???
just got home. kinda bored. any one for coffee later?
nothing can compare to where you send me. it lets me know that it's okay. yeah. it's okay.
thinking of cutting off about 3-4 inches of hair .. any thoughts?
hello to the most accurate horoscope ever
leaves for florida in a few hours.  love 
 love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
at tonic with my best friend katiemaeeeeeeee  smile 
what's so wrong with keeping your word nowadays?
is no longer blonde  smile 
gets off work in 12 minutes. yay!
nightmares  annoyed   annoyed   annoyed  <\3
"slap slap slap. your feet hit the pavement. slap slap slap. run as fast as you can. slap slap slap. yet, no matter what, you'll never be fast enough to get away. slap. halt."
helping <propfemale> study for her accounting final exam
can't wait to get the hell out of here.
going on a walk.
and they came with their wreckers and bulldozers to destroy the garden of <propfemale> making room for the soon to be mini marts and skyscrapers
"great read.http annoyed /www.marcandangel.com/2010/12/06/where-we-must-go-when-we-feel-lost-and-alone/"
less than perfect is a perfect start
"slap slap slap. your feet hit the pavement. slap slap slap. run as fast as you can. slap slap slap. yet, no matter what, you'll never be fast enough to get away. slap."
totally saw <propfirst> of the jungle meets interview with the vampire today at rams horn. with most gorgeous mane ever. totally need to buy whatever shampoo he uses.
well im not the type who gets voted most likely to be victimized by those old butterflies but you're the exception your love is infectious. the fever s climbing high.
11 hour shifts are retarded
i remember why i used to only sleep during the day. worst nightmare ever. too many lately. they're beginning to make sleeping a chore. even when exhaustion hits.
"i don't know what i want, so don't ask me, 'cause i'm still trying to figure it out. don't know what's down this road, i'm just walking, trying to see through the rain coming down...."
2 1/2 more days
haha just told a little kid to tell <propfirst> to shut up. and he did!  lmao
"... then i was all ""biiitch make me a sandwich"""
i hate being called into stores i've never worked at. it feels like the first day at a new school all over again..
omg my bed!
"you're down the beaten path feeling like there's no hope, then you wake up after the worst with a sign... faith."
had a pretty fantastic day  smile   love 
lives in a world of fantasy all her own and won't be brought down by your realist nonsense
i lit my eyeball on fire it hurt
home  love  bedtime. in my own bed yes! so exciting
what's so hard about fighting for something if you really want it? or is it just not worth it to you? why is it so easy to just give in?
where are the people that actually care about atleast something nowadays?
"my throat hurts, but all in all it was a pretty good day."
loves retarded phones and jackasses.
"if the movie avatar was a man, i'd so marry it."
definitely not ready to face michigan and it's inhabitants again.
fuck this
fuck yes! second job! sweetness.
hates it when you go to bed at two wake up at five-thirty can't fall back to sleep and you really want to talk to some one but you can't because they're asleep and you'd feel bad disturbing them
should really be sleeping...
and now i remember why....
and so it seems im without breath or words
loves how people only listen to the part of something they want to listen to.
"""i could've been <propfemale> <propfemale> and you could've been moondrop bubblegum. and we could've been scientologists! and that would've been our alternate life."" - <propfemale> choate"
 love   love   love   love   love 
i swear to god i just ate a moldy french fry. never eating at steak n shake again
<<<< crazy happy right now.
i need a new basket to put my apples in.
"""it was so funny i thought i was about to shit my britches."" - momma choate"
oh how sweet the lies that grace your lips
"and i was like ""im about to sell your baby for drugs"" .. - random rams horn kid"
"god, i wish you would notice"
oh how sweet the lies that leave your lips slowly melting away the illusion that i once believed truly to be you.
totally just watched an orangatan take it like a champ at the national zoo
"if you're going through hell, keep on going. don't slow down. - <propmale> atkins... totally love this song when times are rough."
interview tomorrow at 1 surprise 0 pm  smile 
the love of my life (one of my best friends ever) comes home tomorrow. i don't think i've ever been more excited  love 
i llllllloooooovvvveeee yyoouuuuuu <propfemale> selden
"""dude all this music is like depressing my woman left and my dog died country music."" ""i know!"" *radio comes on* ""...my favorite dog is buried in the yard.""  lmao"
note to self: it'll be okay.
"i ain't got no fight in me, in this whole damn world. so hold off. she should hold off. it's the one thing that i've known."
"dear toaster, just gonna stand there and watch me burn? sincerely, toast"
"""are you sure this water is sanitary? it looks questionable to me."""
i'll accept your apology when you actually mean it.
scream until my lungs give out
so my neighbor and her baby knocked on my door the second i opened the door a two year old bolts into my house lol.
make haste. i feel your heartbeat.
naptime with alexx <propmale> and <propfemale> goers man! apparently to make a wish on 11:11 you have to look like you're taking a poo.
birthday activities of <propfemale> choate if any one cares to join whose <propfirst> i may not have
"""last time i stuck a candle in the dark i got third degree burns in my a**hole."" lmao best quote ever  love "
i really want to make a snowman today
"hates broken promises. why make something some hold sacred with the intent just to break it later, just because it was convenient?"
worst  day ever.
i wish there was a delete button in life. where you could just delete portions of it and all recollections of people.
strawberries. = death. hives. and swelling.
sometimes one dream is enough to light up the whole sky.
... interesting day.
apparently i somehow managed to bruise/scrape both knees and bruise my shoulder pretty good last night at dance. talent! lol
im not exactly sure you understand how much i care about you
"frustration, frustration."
"""i hate to state the obvious... but that penguin just shat on his face"" good night lol"
"and i wish on all the rainbows that i see, i wish on all the people who really dream... i'm wishing on a <propfemale>"
i blame <propfemale> woznick
what the heck is up with this stupid q&a crap?!? jeez.
would totally love full use of my hand right now. it would be so much more convenient.
hey! so under the gun review is having a huge contest i know at least a few of my friends would love to get in on. *cough* alexx <propmale>. and here it is: exclusive contest: my chemical romance signed poster set (huge posters!) http annoyed /underthegunreview.net/2010/12/07/exclusive-contest-my-chemical-romance/ so be awesome click it and enter and then be a sweetheart and help my friend <propmale> out by passing it on
sick of the nightmares
why are all of the statuses so sad tonight??
bedtime.  love 
i don't think i've ever smiled so much such shortly after doing something sooo stupid.
"hey hey stomach, why such a jerk today man?"
"you've already won me over, in spite of me. and don't be surprised if i fall head over feet."
every one is quoting the movie the wedding date lately.. even on bumper stickers... what's up with that?
i remembered my twitter password! now i can stop annoying all of you lovely people
"doesn't understand the concept of ""pokes"" i just know that if it says you ""poked me"" i'm going to ""poke"" you back. in a completely not dirty way. just saying..."
"oh lord cc, why do you do the things you do?"
headphones full blast and a good book sounds like the perfect escape right now...
"absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as wind puts out candles yet fans fires."
"like this status and i will reply with one amazing quality i think you have. but i warn you: if you like this, i e playful ect an honest to god response saying one thing you dislike about me underneath it in a comment. it's a strange contrast, but if you're my friend, you're the ones i will listen to and need to hear it from  smile "
god. i hate this person so freaking much... asfrliajskl;fwaehotihwaen
"meggie: ""you've been to persia then??"" elinor:""yes, a hundred times. along with st. petersburg, <propfirst>, middle earth, distant planets and shangri-la. and i never had to leave this room. books are adventure. they contain murder, mayhem and passion. and they love anyone who opens them.""  love "
"love for some one isn't like other things that you can put in your pocket with the intent to save it for some rainy day. don't miss your <propmale>. share it while you have it. let it flourish, don't let it smolder and waste away until you lose it."
when i lay tonight... when i close my eyes... i know the sun will rise... here or the next life... as long as you're still mine...
"haha my cat just tried crawling into an empty chip bag and got stuck, it was pretty entertaining."
today is a good day.  smile 
the show two and a half men never fails to make me laugh  love 
i wish i could not wear pants without it being inappropriate sometimes  annoyed 
"so,i'm pimping out  alexx <propmale>, eren dainjer watts and <propfemale> <propfemale> goers. any takers? they're a bit e playful ensive but worth the money if you like the upscale hookers for like presidents.  love  you"
"if some one isn't listening, you just can't make them hear..."
i forgot <propmale> curry played rooster in <propfemale>... weird
"my last status lies, my bff is katiemae  wink "
can't you tell katiemae had my phone?
"i hate you every single second of the day... there's always that nagging twinge. but at the same time i love you just the same for every second and more, because my watch finds extra seconds in the day just for you."
shake weight = epic fail
"i love it when you're fighting with some one and you're getting upset, then you get the most random message from some one else that is really nice and makes you feel so much better."
i've given a lot of thoughts to the nights we used to have. the days have come and gone. or lives went by so fast.
"did i miss something? was i not just yelled at to hurry up for two both to say ""wait, i need to change""?"
sing me something soft. sad and delicate. our loud and out of key.... sing me anything.....
i wish i lived in the biblical times as <propfemale> of persia
shoot me? please?
dear jerk: please go jump off a <propmale> and stay out of my life. k. thanks
"""you've turned the tables, what the hell. i can charm the pants off anyone else."" <propfirst>- ke$ha"
i love the crazy conversations i have with my momma sometimes
go purple! yeah
"it never really clicked that the song ""the escape"" (the pina colada song) was about adultery... it's kind of weird that it's <propfemale> <propfemale>'s song in shrek on that little like dating thing."
"sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated. - lamartine"
breathe. just breathe. take the world off your shoulders and put it on me.
i can't wait for the snow. i need a beautiful sight to show me how beautiful the world is again.
"if one more person tries to talk to me about a bun in a certain someone's oven i might hit them. jsyk. because truthfully, i could care less. that ship has long since sailed and i don't care."
i ran into a tree and the tree won
"if i had a world all my own, everything would be nonsense."
really right now? really?
wants to dance in the current thunderstorm
is no longer blonde  laugh 
don't let past e playful eriences cloud your judgement when it comes to something similar with others. some situation and decision that lead you astray in the past may have been completely wrong for you but it could be completely right for some one else now. give it a <propmale>. don't boo on some one else's parade because something booed on yours. try being happy for them and it'll translate into your own life  love 
"run, baby run. don't ever look back."
i love it when people are dicks  love 
i feel like half of my soul is wandering away from me. e playful loring. i hope it comes back soon. idk what to do without it
"had a pretty awesome night last night with katiemae knopp, <propfemale> singleton, elle socrates and <propfemale> horstmann. but not <propfemale> trnina acovski or <propfemale> brady-barnard because they didn't show up *cough*cough*"
"so, i'm pretty sure i could watch the movie the proposal five times in a row and still laugh every single time"
i don't understand this whole poking concept. i never see them until a million years later and i don't really look at them. i just press poke back. then they poke me back then the whole vicious cycle starts all over again. *shakes head*
because i've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining.
i just don't understand how you can smile with all those tears in your eyes and tell me everything is wonderful now
i wish there were words to e playful ress how mad i am at you right now.
"""there's alot of assholes.in this city, you can't just go around setting them all on fire!"" ""why not?"""
thinks <propfemale> choate is the most charming person ever  love  lol
i love psychos. they're awesome.
all sure things fall
if one more person walks into my room and turns my light on we might have a problem
goodnight world  love 
i wish i could change my hair color depending on my mood like tonks... that'd be sweet. i hate being confined to just one for a month.
about 10 hours  love 
i  love  eren dainjer watts she's the bestest  laugh 
no one sings like bing crosby nowadays  annoyed 
"play these records and think of me, i'll wish on mars and think of you."
 love  about to be the best day ever  smile 
i got your runaway smile in my piggy bank baby
"""... i wish none of this had happened."" ""so do all who live to see such times, but that is not for them to decide. all we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.-lotr  love always a comforting quote. goodnight."
where the hell is a reset button
"sometimes you have to forget how you feel, and remember what you deserve."
it's a lyrically capturing day...
oh holy jesus...
next time i go to saginaw i'm definitely getting me some good 'ole eudici's pizza and bread sticks... i miss it
cleaning my room and going through boxes of toys and stuff to donate sounds pretty good right now
"""christmas gift suggestions: to an enemy, forgiveness. to an opponent, tolerance. to a friend, your heart. to a customer, service. to all, <propfemale>. to every child, a good example. to yourself, respect."""
guess what guys! i have a beautiful smile and no cavities. it's bedtime.
"never be afraid to try something new. remember, amateurs built the ark, and professionals built the titanic."
i  love  alexx <propmale> she is the bestest most amazing person in the world!!!
i  love  <propfemale> <propfemale> goers she's the bestest person!!!
"i don't get many things right the first time. in fact, i am told that a lot. now i know all the wrong turns, the stumbles and falls brought me here"
"misses rams horn with <propfemale> horstmann, katiemae knopp, <propfemale> singleton and elle socrates."
 annoyed 
isn't sure she fits in any way anywhere
listen to the drummer who strikes a different beat within you.
how bright the morning that warms the afternoon. how <propmale> the evening whose cloak reveals the <propfemale>. how pure the darkness that greets the breaking <propfemale>. how sweet the silence just before the song.
yay for ear aches
"raise your hopeful voice, you have a choice."
thinking of changing my number.
"make haste, i feel your heart beat"
"the way words that you say just fall like rain, i'm drowning in the sounds of your invitation"
"had an amazing night with the loves of my life. <propfemale> eller, <propfemale> choate, katiemae knopp, <propfemale> singleton and <propmale> knopp.  love "
"""<propfemale> tales can come true you gotta make 'em happen, it all depends on you"""
"you meet thousands of people and none of them really touch you. and then, you meet that one person, and your life is changed forever.  love "
"i can't help it if you look like an angel, can't help it if i want to kiss you in the rain so, come feel this magic i've been feeling since i met you. can't help it if there's no one else... i can't help myself.  love "
taquitos!!!
totally watching finding atlantis on the history channel sunday night.
today is an awesome day for self esteem  annoyed 
just cut off about 3 inches of hair  smile 
"if you need to fall apart, i can mend a broken heart. if you need to crash, then crash and burn. you're not alone.  love "
"i have often walked down this street before, but the pavement always stayed beneath my feet before."
"""will you walk a little faster?"" said a whiting to a snail."
"heads <propfemale>, tails california."
"right after i meet some one, they show up on my suggested friends list...crazy!"
... i dyed my hair almost back to my exact natural hair color... it's soooooo weird.
"everyone wants to be your sun that lights up your life. but i'd rather be your <propfemale>, so i could shine on you in your darkest hour when your sun isn't around."
"love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties."
it'll be alright again
today is gonna be a good day.  smile 
ohhhhh boy.
"if i could be any part of you, i'd be your tears. to be conceived in your heart, born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips..."
what's a song i should download?
awesome.
"""holy shit batman!"" - momma choate about 5 seconds ago... i love my mom."
needs to invest in a copy of fanboys
why is my horoscope always right???
god is amazing and definitely working in my life today. grateful for today.
"so, i lost my phone. and it's on silent, not even vibrate. yay! lol"
"watchin' babar: the movie,  laugh "
"so i lay my head back down, and i lift my hands and pray"
"and we'll go spinning around the room, and dance with our hearts on fire, 'cause every song is ours tonight"
"had a great night/morning. actually, weekend. finally bedtime.  smile "
sooo nervous. i really hope tomorrow turns out good.
"somehow, i knew something bad was going to happen today.  heart-broken "
what i need now is some one to sing me an <propfemale> lullaby and rub my back until i fall asleep...  annoyed 
