217
12170edda5667c961a48d9715f391de2
33
-
"ah coffee love  too early to be awake, too much food yesterday, too much effort to get ready x x walmart with momma, then    you tell me? chill? phones back if you cared  erm   leave me something nice, yeah?"
"um, my phones off, and  my laptops wackk  so    youu can't talk to me and i'll be doing much more of nothing like always  yepp "
chriiistmas   smile  better 
"xmas heh  spamming my posts on facebook, noob  anywayy <propfemale> gots a laptop and now wantss a puppy, buy me one?  wink  infections equals ouch o o"
"facebook has problems  i'm sick, i'm sleepy, and bored "
was up untill 3  christmas cookies are lovely  the most wonderful time of the year for who?
"`going to the mall, once again  ohwell, mom says your all just jealous  i'm so tired and someday hes going to fall guess not today though since hes leaving  um  crackers are noms, leave me stuff  yo "
"ehh youknow, shouldn't have e playful ected much i suppose  just, yeah  say somethinn "
"`yoo i might get a lilll puppy  smile  morning sunshine its 3 already  good way to start off the new year i suppose  i guess i'm pretty content, hope things go well  go fetch "
"coffee is nomss  math homework not so much  um yay it's friday though, anyone wana chill?, i have no friends  lol  <propfemale> this shirt is gay nobody even likes them   leave me pretty things, <propfemale>? "
"`maaybe mall today  join me  wink  well  i've got alot of work to do, that was quite the announcement  =s anyways hope today goes better than whenever, i need a life  buy me one "
"`i couldn't hate you in any worse of a way than i do now, and the best part is you hate me too for quite sometime  nothing like a gut wrenching love story "
"mornin ladies and germs  i update my status because it gives me something to do  anyways   i reeeaally want to do something today, so yeah talk  even though it's almost 4   and i'm still in my pjs, i'll be ready  motivation  so make some plans, got it?    please "
"`morning glories  smile  hope today goes better  anyone wana chill over break? i'm bored, um talk, ask for the number, i'm always doing nothing don't worry "
"always know whats in your asian food, before you eat it  x x bored, nobody likes you  texts are for cool kids, alright? french not so much  have you ever thought something was cool, but it turned out it wasn't so much? really, you have? that's too bad "
"someone get me some coffee =[ i'm sleepy  and really, do not have any <propfemale> of moving from where i am right now to get ready  going to walmart, again  home, alone, again  text, youknow? and erm yeah happy tuesday to you too   wink "
<propfemale>   at my brothers alone d: tonight was interestingg  gotta sleep on a couch  with no blanket or pillows   or <propmale> > > and its cold  no microwave either idk whats up with that  texts would be pretty cool thouugh  bored ='[
"~teddy and mtv on a friday?   aww   your lamee   smile  andyouknow, i'm not just lame  i'm bored too  talking works sometimes, you should try it eh?    do something this weekend for once?"
"veggiex3vomit ~aim, i know you have it  just add  mk?"
"always better hm? ohwell, should get used to it  but really can't wait till weekend, just bored and yeeah, wana chill? no? silly old bear "
"apart from suddenly feeling quite sick, i'm doing just fiiine  what's up with people asking ""what would you do if i died?"" what kinda question is that??  also, anyone have msn? or been puking lately? apple pie anyone? eh?"
"~haven't updated this in a while  <propfemale> lip gloss is poppin' and my hair is scrunched  um    anyway headache, no cable here but going home todayy  the golf channel really isn't too exciting unless you add in my pants  ""back to the action at 9   in my pants "" ""good look at rameros grip   in my pants"" <propfemale> sunday "
"~darkness   lurks   in the dark  aha  smile  well, that made me smile today  that and the fact he smacked his head off the wall while sneezing  was that sopposed to be funny?   oops  lovely friend described it as a more interesting name than just 'sunday'  quite true "
"mom won't stop yelling  i told her i'd just move out, she said i was going to have to  lol  i took cover in my room but it's quite boring in here  quieter? talk? chill? hm? hm? i'm bored and it's only like 6 c'mon people "
"eh  laptop is broke or whatever  mums being mum so i'm not sitting here and listening to it anymore  um this weekend wasn't that bad, i liked the movie, actually  my head hurts, i'm cold and bored  does anyone know if we have a science test? totally not ready for school in the morning  mtv is sucking  yipee?"
"hate  it  here   smile    wish i could leavee  well, at least everything else,   sucks  yepp, woo  youknow, stuck here all summer might just well suck  laugh   adpot me "
;the coffee tastes like black  mornings are never cool and lastnight was ew  i'm still sick and don't want to get ready this early  carbonated milk? it could happen 
"weeelll  this week once again, sucks  busy weekend though  you not talking makes it that much better, let me tell you  schools literaly just boring this year  halloweeennns comming? heellyeah  make some plans to get lost in corn  i'm real excited for fall, and well, pie  &i like it in front of a mirror, actually  yeahh"
"juust got home  sitting on babies tonight, yay x x ~no tv noo nothin there, so text? please  sleepy, hungry, sneezy, dopey  ect; jk? make some plans for future events hm? our neighbors suck  ehh "
"""today i saw a giraffe trying to give another giraffe a piggy back ride!"" i, am not mexican  i don't even like them :[ lake tomarrow? what about blonde highlights? i want a pet :[ really  bad  it's hot  whatever "
"smells prettyy  nails are nice  hairs soft  noo homework, i hope? tv's on, lights out  summers ruined  ferreal  hope i sleep soon  i'm writing to a box  talk to me  tomarrows wednesday "
going to get my poor poor little tummy done  x x hope i don't diee 
"""couldn't get my hair to do that flipy thingy like that guy from that band can do "" lastnight was   yeah we'll just leave it at that  let's see where this goes? for now, dinner with ladies at capri  textt youknow  ohhboy "
"so i could be no lifing at home watching the kardashians eating oatmeal  but no  balls  smile "
"yippee  time to do 3am things?    whatever that is  laptops kinda broke, as if that was new  beach in some days, maybe i'll tan  or burn  let's get to sleep before the birds, yes? steff tomarrow, probably  meh, that's it  text,causeyouwanttoo  thought so "
"anyone wana, youknow, chill?  annoyed  text me "
i just have to watch you walk out of my life until you disappear 
"""wtf  apparently i need to start looking out the window  i guess it's pretty interesting out there  lampshade stores, a dead deer, porno shops """
wanted a dog  gets a duck  smile  no i'm serious  and chickens  quack 
"sitting on babies till 12 (alone d: ) text something nice & give me something to do, hm?"
"gon get ready  thanks for bringing your runt friends in the house right after i woke up, gtfodick  today should be nifty  text&whatnot  random# that keeps texting is real cool, let me tell you  do something already  it's saturday  let's see what happens "
"i bet the neighbors are annoyed by my singing by now  the laptop is almost cooperative  it'd be a bit embarrasing if people actually read these  it's really warm in here  i wish i could dance  i'm not doing anything this weekend, change that? yessir "
"happy easter  chipmunk cheeks  so  much  <propfemale>  anyone want it? mom won't know the difference ha  3oh3 friday  smile  not the best band but its better than my wall, anyone else going? really, you  are ? oh   nvm  hopefully getting my chicks thisweek > > yeah, you heard me "
"morning? glories  after attempting the laptop twice, i've come to this, which is really uncomfortable btw  no ones even awake yet, though i think theres another kid up there somewhere  made some tea, still sleepy and the head hurts  guess i'm chillin at alyssas for the day or somewhere around that area  say somethingg "
"if they asked me where i'd rather live, i'd tell them a box in new york   love "
"ahhh, 3oh!3 was chilll  smile  that was great  loved it with all them other kids  good weekend, you should've been there "
happy fridayy  steffs commin at 4  mallin at 6  no money  annoyed  but happy birthdayy little brother!  though i didn't add him ha  hopefully something good will come out of today  mrfish is doing lovely  wish i had a pet that actually did something  d; text ornot nopedon't 
"aw earth day, we slowly kill it every other day but get to celebrate how cool it is one day out of the year  i actually have plans this weekend, that is if mums feeling oh youknow generous enough to let me out of the house  summer should like, hurry  well, i'm done, text me? you won't  toodles,  wink "
"friday once again  be a little more quiet next time, yeah? not doing anything as of now, because that's what all cool kids want to do on <propfemale> fridays  change it? laptop is going to die, leave something or whatever  my head hurts  i don't get it  <propfemale>,"
damn fish died  he was just swimming   annoyed  wtfever  um st bennys tomarrow  go yes? uh i'll be here watching it die <propfemale>   talk to me 
"chillin on the couch with my spinderman t-shirt and <propmale> watchin the wackness  aha  smile  cool breeze, good movie, familys not here, lovely way to spend a friday night  dads tomarrow, then just another long week  talk? text? i'll be heree,"
i love haleigh <propfemale> polacek smile  love 
"bored, alot   annoyed  did it e playful lode yet? apparently not  mall was eh  i am <propfemale> changing my bellyring <propfemale>n  needs to do something fun    plan it  i think i hit my fish in the head with a rock  & i'm apparently over feeding him  nails look nice  just talk to me;"
halloween  gonna get sick heh   smile 
"so my new clothes are kinda, black  stfu, their pretty  &&yet again  this weekend better be awesome  moms food smells like christmas and fish still seriously has fungus, whoops  really really bored, and hot, and bored  anyone know any decent spray tan? i have a situation  not too siked about seeing a shiz load of people, everyday  youknow?"
"well, i guess the delays cancellations were quite nice while they lasted  aha! beekman boys! love  uhm, finishing paper  so, you're smart right? for the working bib, do we write galenet sources as a book with copyrights and stuff? wishwehadadamntree   annoyed  "
"eh, something in here is giving me a headache  maybe i'm allergic to my mother  but seriously, my head  so much food today too > > getting a new phone though thats nifty, i'm bored, free, and it's still nice out  wana come over? i didn't think so  <propmale> and <propfemale> can go die  ohwait  tomarrows monday x x"
"facebook  layed in the sun all day  and youknow how tan i got, do you know what snow looks like? tryna get daddy to let me have a dog  probly not though like everything else  anyone wana <propfemale> out tomarrow? yes? i'll be here "
"ayee  well facebook, tomarrows monday  mommy said i can get my tummy done this weekend, pain is beauty so hold my pretty little hand  x x hope this week goes okay  slept and ate kind of, all day  this weekend went well, actually  it's late, i'm awake, say some nice things, yes?"
um    who does that    annoyed 
"why would you possibly want to know that? but since you asked  baad news thismorning, take it as it comes? no choice  movies tomarrow, home alone till then eh? youknow, it's cold  up again, maybe? text me to sleep  yeah "
"soyeah   it's sunday  my head is pretty much pounding like crazy x x little asian boy told me happy mothers day aha  slept all weekend so if you texted me, oops? possibly going for a walk later  heres to another week  maybe something cool will happen  i need more money  eh leave me things  love "
cool like fire  that's nifty  hairs turning redd  mommys today  feel like i ateabunchofmsg type headache  with steff? if she doesn't get grounded or something by then  eh that's all i really have to say  text6597747 wink 
"beach tomarrow  alls i'm going to say is it's going to be a long    long 5 days  um i should be laying here for a good couple hours, text? this kinda sucks  yep "
pudge is not doing very good  he better not die   sad 
"go set yourself on fire, kid  hey  set someone else on fire  wish i could, but see i'm here  um let's see, parents fighing via voicemail, kinda stuck here alone listening to fireworks, going to sit at my grams tomarrow, and stuck on vacation in 5 days  talk to me? or whatever you won't so, just go away o o"
"<propfemale>  there's a jackhammer in the basement, the only channel we pick up is hunting, and i don't have my laptop  chill todayy? text  happy saturday  summer seems so far  love "
honestly if you don't want to trust me i can give you reasons not too  i don't think it'd matter in the end  i've never given you one reason not to trust me  don't wonder why i don't come back 
"<propfemale> anyone wana come over for a bit? mum says theres maggots in my room so i guess you can't sleep here  uh, whats everyones opinions on those dress things? how about fish nets? people don't seem to like those to much heh  wink  oh lastnight was pretty lovely  just had a frappe so i'm doing pretty darn good  talk to me hm?"
anyone wana do something today? or   no?  
"well let's just hope the rest of summer doesn't end up like today  um, yeah if you wana chill i'll be free for oh, the next three months  unless we all drown of course because it really won't stop raining  untill then, don't hesitate to text youknow  just hope this ends well i suppose  summer, is here "
"hello my name is <propfemale> balon  i have constant hard nips  and i like standing over dead animals i enjoy emo fags  and like swinging on swings  i love pork swords, andddddd did i mention my hard nips? well you can find me next to someone named steff  heheheh "
silence is easy  school tomarrow kids 
"uh, i'm cold  hug me  lastnight was okay i suppose  make some plans for today love  wish i had a dog, at least i could keep him on a leash  otherthanthat, completely bored  moms talkin like someones listening, and i think you should text me,"
"so  i don't know why people call their friends ""family""  because, i'm definately not friends with any of my family  just saying  i can't wait to be home tomarrow  well beach in a few, because spf4 works  believe me he knows  that's the reason my boobs, are now two different colors  fml? please "
my name is <propfemale> <propfemale> balon and i enjoy men to the extreeeeeeeemmmmmeeeeeee  yeeeeeee  people think i'm emo but clearly i'm not ;p  i like yellow and black  and have a bestfriend named <propfemale> powersssss  - written by <propfemale>
"is definately in a limo right now  &thanks <propfemale> blough, for the stripper "
";;scream at me, push me, pull on me, force me and lock me up  i wonder how long it takes before your able to say, i'm upset  and it be alright  mr fish knows, he's eating rocks "
"jackass, lastnight was amazing  smile  good night  mom:what movie did you see? ""oh it was in 3d "" mom:well  idk what the hell that is  ""it was good "" fcukstick  the new chats quite annoying  oh&i'm really sorry i disturbed you after you ripped my life apart and spit on it  all gone tomarrow  fish looks better  ~""you can stay and watch me fall, and of course i'll ask for help """
"youknow, you already got a divorce  i don't believe ""quality time and a free meal because you needed a gallon of milk"", was ever in there  ~""you don't have to go home but you can't, stay, here """
"yeeee  emo kid has been hacked ;p  albino's lions are cute   love  - by some egyptian [:  love "
"ugly americans  it's really kind of disturbing  weeks too slow  mondays off? hellsyeah  halloweeeen is commin love  not quite sure what to do with all this  pudge is so fat now  at least it rang, right  ohwell, room chillin time then bed  just another day  text till thenn yep "
"wtf does, ""whatz good?"" mean  don't approach a girl like that  choclate is good, music is good, the grapes i bought today are pretty good  really? bored  black with blonde underneath, blonde streaks, black and red with blonde under? help is appreciated  we don't even have a month left  do something "
"""mom   i look like i have a birth defect "" ""just so you don't  i would have gave you back "" youknow, just another day, wednesday to be exact  know some good music? getting watermellon  hopefully busy weekend  don't text me  let's see what happens "
"thanks shit computer for telling me it's 11, when it's really 12  tomarrows going to be quite a drag  night kiddoos  off to monday it is,  heart-broken "
"jersey shore  smile  tip of the day? do not, call me before 2pm  if you decide to prank call, at least have something to say besides ""ahaha"" because you look, gay  purple? mhm  caffeine is pretty nice  dads this weekend? shopping soon  i really don't want to "
the rain is wet  && so are the puddles love 
who turned out the lights d; applying eyeliner by sunlight  just like the pilgrims  lol love    what?
"peein around at bris  swamm like a fishy  speaking of fishys, mines doing wonderful, thanks  ate a much too enormous amount of pizza   that was pretty good  about too go on chat roulette? i'll be here till tomarrow so, say hi, yep? love "
"my name is <propfemale> balon;i enjoy sparkly faggots that prance around a meadow ;p they excite me  heheh   love i like apples  and snooki  - <propfemale> powers"
"""bend, and snap!"" never gets old  feel like i've been outt for days  still completely drained  today's not going to be very productive  text  smile "
is pink 
"do d's count as a credit? apparently i'm one big problem to you, and that's all i'll ever be  just wait, juuuust wait   love "
shaking  and absolutly done 
"life sucks  please don't touch anyone  made some <propmale>, i think it's pretty nice  happens to everyone? not what you insisted before  just layin  text me something nice, hope, something, youknow good happens, or whatever "
"""is she comming with me?"" ""she's all crampy and bitchy, do you still want her?"" ""oh  "" ""you can have her if you want her!"" ""well  "" ~heh love  i win  this works "
"it's because i'm a kid huh? just wait untill i'm not  thanks for always listening   ohwait, you had someone do that for you too  you wait, then you'll know who's day it is, don't bother looking at the calender, as far as you know my birthdays in december "
anyone wana do something today?  laugh 
"seriously somebody? do something? this is like pathetically gay  don't waste it  text me,"
"lay off the doughnuts, kid  summers ending  i hope all games, e playful lode  pudge is good  nooo sleep  bored all day? maybe something will happen, that's good anyway  um text or something cause that's all i have to say  yep "
"thursday is strictly for mims!  (happy? d wink  brothers   second party  food  pudge swam in his monster todayy  no i don't have anything to do besides watch fish&& annoy the lovely facebookers  it's hot, really  new shirts! that's new   it's almost august people  let's see what happens "
that feeling you get when the butterflies start attacking your insides and don't feel so warm and fuzzy anymore 
"i guess that's why <propmale> is sold seperately  make sure you keep the reciept  mom got some kind of gayassed, black  going to do it soon though, my hair  um i wana do something  i want sparkley things  and a ferret  not a fish they're so annoying  she's attempting to fix my laptop, gaurantee it's a fail but we shall see  boys don't even need those "
"""she doesn't have food because she's gay, and   her moms republican"""
"laptoplove heart-broken  last summer night  cold as hell  musics up, hairs soft, nails about to be beauutiful  smell like roses or whatever that happens to be  outfit picked  guess it's not that bad  except for the part i'm going to get lost  &die  i put up some new pics  comment you freaks  ah, this sucks "
"so  crackers, then jersey shore and mommas goin' to buy me a smoothie? i can deal with that love  piss off, i'm sick  mall then movies tomarrow, then party on saturday, golly i'm set  head hurts  youknow, the usual  talk it out;"
<propfemale> won't hold my baby    annoyed 
"i guess it's not, that bad  i suppose  i need money  just throw it, that works   wink  guess we'll see what today, brings? don't even try, you heard me  we actually have a neighborhood pedo it's official  black for now? that's okay  don't text me "
"she will not  stop, bitching  summers ending  maybe this year will be quick  your way too confusing  fish ain't dead but we are  need some stuff before school  chill before it's over? lie to me  love "
"stop asking  if i wanted to tell you, i wouldve called you  but i didn't  so stop  -now, she wants to take me to the doctors  wtf  thank you, very much "
"hm  i guess if anything, i found out that when you find something that matters, nothing else does  and i hope someday i get that back  but, as for now  schools the day after tomarrow and i'm not ready at all  i think? my laptops fixed  my hairs black  and i'm pretty scared "
gee  i swear everyday of this week felt like monday  plans this weekend? quiiite possibly  wink  assemblys the rest of the week? i can deal with that  texts would be pretty acceptable right now  this is boring 
"whatever happened to trying to get some, by actually being nice? mhm, i said it "
"weeek-end love  that was pretty fun  ""someone should've told that kid it wasn't a blackout     ohwait "" youknow  chillin with my <propmale>, textin, fuzzy pjs and owl city;makesnosense  it's all good  someone should hangg with me this weekend  mhm "
"well golly  this isn't so bad  wink  except todays kinda boring  text me yeah? 6597747 don't say i never gave you anything  head hurts  nails need donee  clothes&hair  pretty essided for halloween  i need money =[ this weekend should be nice, though  yeahroomchillintime;"
"like it's her birthday  smile "
going downtown with mommy and daddy  so they can drink  jesus  this should end well  let's run away together  apparently they won't notice 
"he throws his hands up in the air sometimes, sayin ay-oh  autism does speak  <propfemale> powers is commin  then partyyy  smile  feel like shiz, but youknow  gettin pretty  happy birthday <propfemale> compton  and <propfirst> <propfemale> russo   love  yeeah  texttt"
"""i just paid a dollar twenty nine for two balls "" <propfemale>  ""wtf i thought there were going to be at least four """
"""you're makin it rain, i make it snow "" hm  mallin with stef, broke ftw? cousinss party tomarrow  smile  then 814  orchestra concert sunday? freakk  let's just hope this all works out nicely  hooray for longass status's  text youknow "
"ohgeee  tomarrows friday  smile  birthday month? i think so  i have no idea what's going on  being pissed doesn't make you cool  hur needs done badly  get out da way, yeah do that  make plans for the weekend? let's see what happens "
"two more days  two more days and i won't have the luxury of you telling me to shut up because i'm upset  if nothing lasts forever, then being gone won't either  well, this weekend should be more hell than anything, but we'll see what happens  pudge is like dieing  he doesn't really move, maybe he's sleepy or maybe he's just sad too  text distract me? <propfemale> "
this is nice 
"so i have yet to move for today  dads this weekend, or well in a half hour  whoops   we'll see what festive events take place  gah whatever  text something nice yeah? happy saturday "
"well  if anyone has something to do, with ride service, i'd be glad to join  if not, happy new year to me "
"frappe love  mhm  814 or party? i donoo yet  it's quite cozy out let's walk  fishies are gettin pretty darn fat  today was okay, though i don't know why they felt the need to make us burn while watching dumb kids pull tissues out of a box with one hand  anyway i'll be here like always so youknow, text  though you never will "
"ugh  tgif  all i have to say  food  makin damn macncheese for little bro and his runt friends  neighbors need to calm their shit and turn it down  mall later? i think so  gooin to crash so, if i don't text back   call or keep texting  youknow  cornmaze tomarrow maybe  let's just see what happens, ohgod? "
x x  just one more day? that's all i ask  ughshit 
i  am  bored 
anyone want to go to seven springs before like 1? textt  if not i'm gooin back to sleep   love 
"the new way to drink coffee   just dump it all over the couch  that'll wake me up  hey, and if it doesn't, moms bitching surely will  clumsy fucks ftw  happy saturday  can't wait to see what's in store for the rest of the day "
"veggin  rain sounds nice on the roof  preee excided for halloween  smile  birfdays next month  dumb? i think so  tomarrows wednesday, almost through another week  so, the laptops not charging when the cords in   it's not the outlet  any caring nerd like to tell me why this is?   d;"
"just gone, all gone and there's not a damn thing i can do "
"""dyein <propfemale> hurr witt kool-aid"" loljk  but i am dyeing my hair  this bag looks pretty sexy on my head, let me tell you  break? i think so  slept and still sleepy yuck  annoyed  birthdays sunday, yayy  thanksgiving to<propfemale>rrow, eh not too excited; up early, sit, family, toomuchfood  yeahyeah  text and do something  smile "
<propmale> potter lastnight was awesome!!! loljk i wasn't paying attention  uh happy saturday guyss  birthday in 8 days  smile  thanksgiving soon? ohgeeze  do something the rest of the weekend huh  text me somethinn
i wish i could just leave 
"i do believe the label should have said, ""cod and friends (results may vary)"" gtfo now "
"hey guysss tomarrows friday  smile  this is different huh? i think it's good  christmas is comingg  someone needs to come spend all this money with me  do something cool this weekend  text, or not  eh, let's see what happens"
got a stripper for my birthday!
"&honestly it's kind of creepy that you give that much of a shit to know what i'm doing, &who i do what with  love "
"loluh, whoops? "
"lastnight was decent, <propmale> didn't know  gotta move, then shower, shoppin, and party? yep yep  too bad my hairs not all nice  it will be though  lifes pretty alright  text something nice   smile  &quit getting my damn number on here, who does that? "
"five days? i think so  bored, but i suppose thats occasionally alright  rest of the week looks pretty damn good  smile  i really don't know what i'm doing here  it's all up in the ayer  coffee love  (that hearts totally right ) &also, i do what i want, bitch-ez  things change? yessirr "
"thaanks research paper, for ruining my weekend   wink   appreciate it  hm, music, getting ready, store, whatever  text? you should probably do that  snowsnowsnow  maybe we'll get a shitload and school(hell) will freeze over   smile   christmas soon "
"we just wrecked, with blowup doll boytoy <propmale> in the car  the good news is, the cop looks just like boytoy <propmale> "
i like hairy muff and mexican cholas!  love   wink 
"it's like when you buy a chihuahua because you thought it was cute  two more days  broke my damn space key  waiting a bit to get my blondee  really i'm sorry for giving you the highlight of your facebook night but, things will be alll bettuww love  &back to the way it should be "
"awhey  someone needs to go shopping with me, realll soon  i'm serious  text me  don't be creepy,  laugh  "
"today was different  i did enjoy sleeping all weekend thank you very much  some blonde soon? i think so but apparently i think alot  this weeks gonna be pretty long  christmas is commingg, sucks more and more every year though ha  suppose i'm gonna sleep soon  tomarrows monday   annoyed  "
<propfemale> christmas 
who wants to oovoo??! loljk  anyone wana do something today? that'd be nice  text or whatever  don't really feel like spending the rest of my break alone at home  kthanks 
today was a good day   loljk  do something with me this weekend 
haaaiiirrr   smile  good weekend 
"i can't figure out how to build a deck  comedy central is getting old  i'm sick of laying here  it's 3am i'm not tired  the highlight of my day was pumpkin pudding  and now, i just want to punch something  x o"
