i've got to follow my heart no matter how far i've gotta roll the dice never look back and never think twice
only like 5 days till <propmale> potter comes out!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!
<propfemale>'s coming over tommorrow and then we go see <propmale> potter and maybe watch <propfirst> <propmale> tribute for the millionth time!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
bored so much i'm actually looking forward to school
<propfirst> <propmale> is dead!!!!!!!!!!!!!! he had a heart attack!!!!!!!!!! this might be mean but     yea!!!!!! little boys of the world are safe again!!!!!!
not to mention the pincers (click click click click click click)
i hate the day  night is sooo much cooler 
<propfirst> tennant is almost done with doctor who            <propfemale> sad *tear*
happy brithday day <propfirst> and everyone else who's b-day is today!!!!!!!!!!!!
totally excited for sunday
cut my life into pieces    this is my last resort
went to hinder papa roach concert last night!!! papa roach was awesome!!!!
i'm going roll n' roll all night and party every day 
got back from having an awesome time with my friends        and      <propfemale>
still at <propfemale>'s only got like an hour of sleep  watched 6 moives and the one i fell asleep to was twilight i find that funny
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalala               i hate school          lalalalalalalalalalalala
great i'm stuck on an elevator with 5 men on high-protein diets    my dreams are coming true  - <propfirst> reynolds lol!
i will forgive but i won't forget  i hope you know you've lost my respect  - papa roach
totally got updated on my favorite youtube videos now listening to lotr songs
at my grandma's right now then ging to <propfemale>'s b day party!!!!!!!!
school tomorrow *cries* need lord of the rings extened cut no matter that they aren't sold anymore i need it!!!!!!!
random day was awesome i was rockin out to music all day!!!!!
is really really really really really bored        needs to sing a song
dude tommorow will be totally awesome 
"i gotta thing for you  and i think it's kinda crazy, 'cause i know that you have someone true, wonderin' where you were last night  i gotta thing for you  and i know the night was hazy, but i still remember wakin' up and kissin' your head one more time    for now i'll say goodbye but don't think we're through, i gotta thing for you    - hinder"
"oy, finally done with aladdin !!!!!!! nno more dressing up like a man!!!!!!"
i'm so sick of hearing aladdin songs everyday 
today was awesome pretty sure juniors have the best hallway!!!!!!!
"well, i'm alive when i'm vulnerable i'm out of control, i'm losing my soul i'm alive when i'm vulnerable i'm out of control, i'm losing my soul so i climb to the top just to fall to the bottom"
waiting for the dance tonight             going to be the only girl with dress pants on but that will be awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back home and gonna have to leave in a bit to go food shopping      fantastic
only one more day to go
bored bored bored bored bored bored
dumbledore: what do you really want?  malfoy: hermione granger! and a rocketship to mars
only two more days to go
didn't watch the football game had better stuff to do like watch top gear
just got done with heidelberg      loved sf!  smile 
just heard they're planning on making a 4th pirates of the caribbean movie  excited yet nervous about it at the same time
tryin to do a emo icon face but can't figure it out on here stupid facebook
"whthe facebook trick- "" press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you! (it really does work)at's on your mind"
can't wait for friday!!!!!!!
"he bowed courteously to the communicative townsman, and whispering a few words to his indian attendant, they both made their way through the crowd  <propmale> hawthorne, the <propfemale> letter"
pretty sure black sheep is my new favorite movie  team spock all the way!!!!
dyed my hair last night and its totally awesome!!     
drama practice tomorrow!!!!! plus wxow concert so busy
"got back from lewiston, had a blast, should go to bed but i'm way to hopped up and cookies!!!!!!!!"
"love snow days, hate shoveling"
<propmale> potter comes out july 15!!!!!! im soooooooooooo excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"every one needs to stop being obessed with twilight! the books were good but please any girl who sees this no going to the moive just so you can stare (and drool) at <propfirst> and <propfirst> the whole time, and no awwww-ing that's annoy"
wacthing my new movie (one of) thanx everyone who wished my a happy b-day !
"i hate school, need to go on a vaction"
"mahna mahna, do doo do do do, mahna mahna, do do do do, mahna mahna, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do!"
just a few more days till christmas break
concert tonight was awesome!!!
at my grandma's house watching cousins play their new wii game (some people get all the luck) waiting to go home and unpack all my new presents
yaay! another full day of watching movies and being on the computer!
really need to go shopping with the giftcards i got
done with semesters for another few months yaaay!
can't wait for tuesday but it's gonna take forever to get here
school is school  can't wait for drama auditions for aladdin
"so, whats the point of living up to everyone's e playful ectations of you when all they do is let you down?"
"""<propmale>, this is difficult for me, but i feel like i should say it  i love, <propmale>  what you doing?"" ""nothing "" ""are you laughing?"" ""no "" ""you better not be laughing at me now  i'm telling you i love you how dare you laugh at me "" ""you're making me laugh "" ""that is so humiliating "" ""you just caught me off guard "" ""really?"" ""yeah, it was out of the blue "" ""i'm telling you i love you and you're laughing at me """
"bouncy bouncy oh such a good time bouncy bouncy shoes all in a line bouncy bouncy everybody summersault, summersault summertime everybody sing along bouncy bouncy oh such a good time bouncy bouncy white socks slipping down bouncy bouncy styletos are a no no bouncy bouncy oh bouncy bouncy oh everytime i bounce i feel i could touch the skyee"
"stickleback, stickeleback, stickleback, bourjouis  cresty in the bingo hall, running like a <propfemale> horse  mmn p-ta masala, mmn p-ta masala  kentish town, kentish town, yeah! kentish town, kentish town, no!"
"in <propfemale>, got a new shirt at the mall from a store called forever 21(all styles from europe) then i got a new hat from <propfemale>'s then today got a new moive (the breakfast club) so far a pretty good trip  i am missing my freedom of watching the mighty boosh tho  wink "
"""day 12  <propmale> dead  all is lost  all alone  wind my only friend "" ""i hate you "" ""shut up wind!"""
got my prom dress today!!! it's totally awesome!
got all the theatre make-up off yaaaay! i just can't wait for this weekend for more of it!!! > sad 
"99% of teenagerswould cry if they saw <propfirst> bieber standing on top of a skyscraperabout to jump  if you are the 1% sitting there with popcornand 3dglasses, screaming ""do a backflip!"", copy and paste this as your status "
so close     but no  sad 
help!!! can someone plz tell me what theis 19 is for hct i totally forgot mine at school!!!!!!  crying 
seether concert tomorrow! we either need to to sit just off of the pit or find people we know to protect us in the pit  annoyed 
one more week of absolutely nothing to do  indecision 
yaay malwarebytes is awesome! had the worst hacker case ever  it wouldn't let me on the internet for how many days  thanx <propmale> for helping  smile 
drama is over until next year                 can't wait  smile 
"remembers when kid's cartoons were good    shows like thundercats, ghostbusters, inspector gadget etc "
i'm bored  are you bored? cause i'm bored 
1 more day of classes  laugh 
baccano!
just got back from knight revue!!!! it was awesome  laugh 
school is over                and i have nothing to do          let's have a party!
semesters tomorrow    should study        annoyed 
wednesday: mall of <propfemale>!
sf tryouts are over        alot of high energy people put in one room for an hour? always a blast  smile 
last test tomorrow    yaah! then its going to some grad parties this weekend!  laugh 
thanx to all who wished me a happy birthday so far    oh in case you didn't get my message my birthday party has been cancelled i'm gonna see how nest week turns out
had a blast last night! we're gonna miss you seniors!
"just got home from helping the <propfemale> guys take everything down     overall, best tuesday night ever  smile "
"countries to visit: england, ireland, scotland (basically the uk), japan, new zealand, and australia"
avatar the last airbender was awesome! not prefectly accurate but still very good  laugh 
is thankful <propmale> ferguson is on youtube  laugh 
my last day of freedom         crying 
"the more i think about my act score the more i think about college, the more i think about college the more i think about my <propmale>, the more i think about my <propmale> the more i think about theatre, the more i think about theatre the more i think about doing voice acting for animes"
*sigh* so much anime so little time  laugh 
as of right now i meet the freshman requirements for uta  awesome
"doesn't understand why my future, my life must b agreed upon by the entire world and every mistake i make is treated like it will bring on the apocalypse"
needs a job      badly
school  annoyed 
recite the <propmale> alphabet in 20 secs        sure pastor lisk  crying  stupid umlauts
you know that feeling when you should do something important but you always put it off later and later       yeah  sad 
off to break my 'no-studying-for-english-rule! thanx alot brit lit  sad 
how is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
sitting back watching doctor who    a good night tonight
just got my acceptance letter from <propfemale> today!!  laugh 
thanx to the encounter with bri's heater         sad  i now have a new coat  laugh 
sigh
so college students in england are rioting because tuition will be 9000 pounds next year           about $14000    right
i just said the whole mega test to my mom       100% right!
the halls were quiet today    kind of nice  smile 
the seussification of <propmale> and juliet   pure genius   look it up on youtube  smile 
got my prom dress today    and there was much rejoicing
"howard: do you know anything about the arctic?vince: not really, no howard: well luckily i do  i studied it in depth, you know, i read books pamphlets  ask me a question?vince: do you like hammocks?"
