"i just made this facebook and it is new to me, so get everyone to add me   i am adding everyone i know   this is way better than myspace "
did sta win last night?
needs a few answers for the chemistry quiz   he has most of them and is willing to share   ask him for his number  (third person ftw )
"ugh   i think it is ""male"" time of the month   -sigh-"
chemistry just whipped my ass   i think i got most of it right though 
kill me now!
lol   my house got rolled   does anyone know who did it?  lmao 
the five stages of grief: 1  denial 2  anger 3  bargaining 4  depression 5  acceptance i think i am stuck inbetween the first two at the moment   hopefully things will be straightened out on monday 
"ok, i'm getting off   house and heroes are on   ttyl "
"there are some interesting answers about me on friend quiz   that means i am gonna answer a crap load of questions, build up coins, and figure out who answered them "
"washington university in st  <propfirst>, missouri just made my day   muhahahaha!!!!"
someone said i have a funny looking nose   fml   time for a rhinoplasty!
"well, i'm not going to be able to sleep tonight because of sick, twisted, freak horror movies based on actual events and including actual footage and audio "
omg   do not watch the fourth kind if you're a chicken   this stuff is so scary!
ugh   
threat signal ftw 
"wow, i actually like a black eyed peas song   that's very weird "
"i am going crazy on this friend quiz thing because i am trying to get enough ""coins"" to figure out who answered a few questions "
this is going to be a boring weekend   nothing to do at all except my spanish portfolio and chemistry lab   fml
never take life seriously   nobody gets out alive anyway 
just spent a hundred dollars on clothes   lol   time to finish the spanish portfolio 
i nominate the singer for in this moment as the best female vocalist ever 
"i just got a hair cut   now i am bored out of my mind   but on the bright side, i finally accomplished a goal of mine!   wink "
did you know that suicides happen more during that winter than any other season?  happy holidays!  > smile 
hates parades 
bored   text me   my number is either in your phone book or my profile 
what is with all the pokemon as profile photos?  i'm confused 
i just took eight pills   i do not want to go to school tomorrow but i have to because of a chemistry exam   fml  hopefully i magically get better over night 
"the grinch should have burned the gifts he stole   that way, he wouldn't be able to give them back after he changed his mind   muhahahahaha!"
"the facebook tricks: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>    it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you   "
ugh   orthodontist in the morning   oh well   i thought i was going to be able to sleep in one my first day off   i guess not lol 
i hate insomnia 
""" today i noticed that my daughter was making funny noises which oddly ressembled the sounds my wife makes in bed  when i asked her what she was doing she said ""i'm pretending to be mommy from last night "" i was on a business trip last night  fml """
i actually started on my spanish portfolio today   i have a crap load to do still   ugh   fm(mfin')l
happy new year!
do we really need to bring our tuxedos and stuff tomorrow?  are you fucking kidding me!
"according to wbrz com, there is no school tomorrow "
is the sheet that abbot gave us as we left class for homework?
school sucks already 
karate kid 2010   that movie's officially gonna suck   brace yourselves 
"escalofríos can go somewhere dark, damp, and scary "
i need to take more pictures   mine are getting stale 
time to finish the last two sides of the cube for american history 
i've caught myself listening to <propfemale>   i've officially lost my mind!   confidential 
ugh    so much homework this weekend   i might as well start on it now   x x
"seriously though, do we have to bring our concert clothes to school tomorrow for band?  i seriously hope not   x x"
can't sleep   ugh 
sees more people online than i've ever seen before   interesting 
"because my last computer got pwned, my ipod is getting a re-sync   half of my songs are missing   ugh!"
ugh   stupid spanish presentation tomorrow   mine is not going to be anywhere near three to five minutes long   lol  it's gonna be epic failzors 
"the majority of the people that call for the haiti telethon only want to talk to <propfirst> pattinson, <propfirst> lautner, and <propmale> pitt   lulz"
finally done with my history project and spanish ii stuff 
"if you're bored, watch the movie called ""<propfemale>""  it's epic  she's like <propfemale>'s body, <propfemale>, and hannibal lecter combined "
the snow needs to come down faster and start sticking!
yes   i managed to finish everything before kickoff   i am amazing 
hates spanish ii (h) 
american idol is full of <propfirst> swift failz!
"if today could suck anymore, i'd have to change its name to monday   ugh!  fml "
go on youtube and search for harrypatridge for epic clips 
yawn 
i think i might start putting depressing lyrics in my status updates   i wanna be cool!!!
"if i get any more bored, the music i listen to will get worse   i think it's some never ending cycle of weird     or maybe that's just me "
new facebook sucks   it is pissing me off 
"is it just me, or did barely any juniors sign up for this sweetheart pageant thing?"
i feel accomplished   yay!!!
this had to be the easiest essay i've ever done 
during the*
ke$ha is the biggest whore on the planet 
"i still feel like shit, but i am probably going to go to school tomorrow anyway "
<propfemale> beary needs to stop poking me first!
is not going to open house 
"okay, so last night, i dreamt that i got my legs blown off by an ied   i need to stop watching the news "
snooki gonna fuck angelina's bitch ass up! lolol
i might as well start on my spanish project   fml 
"i had to choose between pokemon and digimon    it was a tough decision, but pokemon came out on top "
yay   birthday stuff   
fm mfin' l
i feel old now   x x
"wow   i just figured out what ""if you seek <propfemale>"" means   i was like, ""wait    that sounds a lot like    oh!!!"""
"wow, so much crap just to get a ring i'm gonna wear for a year or so and never see again   oh well   lol"
i just got back from the country super-fest thing   i have to admit that <propfirst> swift was amazing!  i'm just mad that i didn't get a hug from her    sad 
scream tomorrow!
"okay, since it is thursday already, i guess i will go to bed "
how many people are actually going to skip?
"now time to cut off almost all of my hair   sad i'm gonna cry!but it'll be back to normal by next school year "
"my hair is so freakin' short now it hasn't been like this since like seventh grade!"
fuck you whale and fuck you dolphin!!!!!!!
i wanna see the omen ii 
"since i don't have to take my spanish exam, i'm not going to school!!!"
"i just uploaded a photo of me with my 'short' hair it's depressing!   frowny but it'll be back by the time the summer's over!"
"so, i didn't think my room was that bad off, but now that i'm cleaning through it, i'm finding a bunch of cool things "
feels like he got the crap beat out of him  lol
sigh 
lol @ people who went to school
wow  i don't think i could have gotten a harder schedule even if i wanted 
"""my word and world holds ground and is real your world is like floods of poisoned water,a language spoken with spit from different tongues you can never corrupt me again """
"""be the broke or the breaker be the giver or the undertaker unlock and open the door be the healer or the breaker the keys are in your hands realize you are your own source of all creation-of your own master plan """
"gtfo with the plays being under review!lsu wins!"
lol  wow  <propfirst> bieber did a commercial with the situation!
snooki is dropping in a ball for new years! omg yes!~
facebook is not closing down any time soon  thanks 
nope    i don't feel like changing my profile picture back 
"i wanna be ghostface from scream on monster zombie day, but i don't know if he is just a crazed psycho killer or if he can be classified as a monster  i have the whole outfit from when i was like 10 lol  and the mask has fake blood that runs through it  so, should i be scream or some other made up monster with a random mask?"
"""so never speak of me quietly stand by my confession i voice your rebellionagainst the traitor of the world """
omg  xmas is coming up soon 
so    physics was interesting today  let's just say an item got kicked around that usually isn't kicked around that often  lmao
"""i am the first creature of this kingdomi will be the oneto outlive his timewith the triumph of free will"""
"""a veil of ignorance is in motioncontinuing throughout multiple generationslet me be the one that deliver you from the deceitand back into perfect accordance with the laws of nature"""
"okay, i am feeling a little better, not perfect    so i guess i will be going back to school tomorrow  hopefully i wont have too much catching up to do "
i just got accepted into lsu!
everyone needs to add <propfirst> zhang to their friends list!
stupid x-mas parade   
so    honor band was fun    especially when i didn't have to play my instrument   laugh 
i am addicted to words with friends  start a match with me: t fore
correction: i get my braces off tomorrow!*
is officially bracesless 
i'm tired  goodnight!
gots my hair cut
misfits is the best tv show ever 
sexy in a tux 
power just went out  fun 
i finally uploaded some random prom pictures   laugh  i guess i'll be uploading more later 
"""he is a grenade, grundle, chode ""  -snooki"
my feet feel like they're on fire 
it looks like i lost my ipod  ugh!
lotso off of toy story 3 is officially one of my favorite disney characters 
disney was so fun that is makes this place seem boring  x x
wtf i didn't know you could connect skype to facebook! epic!
"""the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph "" <propfirst> paine"
i need to finish this free enterprise crap  ugh 
i miss power rangers   frowny 
"i would say high school is over for me, but i pretty much have something school related until next thursday  lol"
my mom just got the most epic mother's day gift ever 
awards night lasted way too long 
graduation practice is way too long 
