"curse you high caffine content drink!!!!  now i have to stay up all night, and all day until i go to bed tonight!!!!  *mutters to self*"
i survived yesterday!!!!!  it was sad because as soon as my head touched the pillow i passed out   no more monster's before noon!!!!!
"when will i learn not to have high caffine drinks!!!!  i had a monster at 2 in the afternoon, and now i can't sleep!!!!  it's frustrating!!!"
i have decided i will try and convince mom to take to to dai while dad is asleep   i want sushi!!!!!!!!!!!!
my sister is doing an oral on spiders   she even has pictures   help me   lol
family finds family oober fast on this thing     scarey!!!!  lol
"once all movement and building orders have been completed, you must fight for control of any territories that both you and your enemy have occupied at the same time "
awwwwww   it's foggy   come back sun   
oh my gosh!!!  i finally found a spider hater place!!!  thank you <propfemale>!!!!!
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it worked"
"i got to open my presents early!!!!  yay!!!!!  i got some mocha frappacionos and okra for my stocking stuffers, aaand i got some <propmale> stuff!!!!  i can stay up all night and draw while eating okra!!!  yyyyyyyeeeeesssss!!!!!   laugh  i'm so happy!!!   laugh   laugh   laugh "
"yay!!!!!  snow!!!!!  awwwwwweeee!!!!!!  we didn't have school until tomorrow!!!!  please snow tomorrow, please snow tomorrow     *fingers crossed*"
i had lunch with a baseball bat on your car because i'm a ninja!
staying up watching tear jerkers!  sad   no!! someone dieing again!!!  don't go towards the light!!!!  lol (kinda)
have you ever had to do an inclass essay and while you were doing it you just kinda stared at the paper with complete writer's block and when you got home you suddenly had a million ideas of what to write down and you realize that it's now going to haunt you for about a week?  lol not a funny situation 
"if anyone has any questions about my sanity, then i answer this   i am completely sane, i take after my mother      in hindsight that wasn't a good example "
i went to bed but the computer followed ! !
"aw no!  i got myself a southern accent because a english class, and now i can't get rid of it   everyone thinks it's funnay though, so i won't complain to much "
"like my dad i am also late on the movie line but here it is, good luck   ""i have made my way here to the castle, beyond the goblin city, to take back the child that you have stolen """
i keep getting distracted while i type up my essay straight from my mind   - -  just thought my facebook people would like to know    about it   *leaves to go back to typing *
i told myself today was going to be a big finish my homework day   *looks at the clock *        _   i still don't want to do it yet     i'll just wait another hour 
- -;  why does the world love early mornings?  it makes us poor night owls who love to stay up late act like we're zombies when we first wake up and throughout the day until it's dark again   > >  twisted early birds     stop taking enjoyment out of our tiredness!!!   annoyed 
o o  snow     there is snow outside     stick!!!!  stick until tuesday my little balls of white!!!!  stiiiiick!!!!   annoyed 
rawr!!! i hate being sick!!!  i want to play doctor <propfirst> now so i can kill viruses!!
oh my gosh!!!  i finally got to watch wicked and i loved it!!  t t  i'm such a baby    i cried   then when i watched it a second time i balled on the opening song 'no one mourns the wicked '
mwahahahaha!!!!  scoring points for christmas!!!!  smile 
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>   soon <propfemale> will be working on a very hard oral and i will see her suffer   (i can do this because i did it last year, so  playful )"
listening to some classic music with dad and nate   *hey there little red riding hood    you sure are looking good       aaaaaarrrrrrooooo!!!!* lol
xo i'm dead    procrastinator + 9pg  essay = trouble for gpa of the said procrastinator  (figures may vary   )
my sisters sick     -_-  i really hope she doesn't give it to me 
"change ur fb profile pic to a cartoon from ur childhood  the goal? to not see a human face until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse and copy and paste to ur status to invite your friends to do the same ?"
i have nothing to say but i wanted to put something up on my wall so there 
"preparing to beg dad to go with us so i can go to barnes and <propmale>    annoyed   and i mean beg!b- breaking down into tears if need be   e- extreme pleading, on knees if need be   g- gnawing at his nerves until he concedes if need be   as you can tell    i   am   desperate   and   am   going   through   withdrawls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
- -  tired     but i won't go to bed until i finish the last question on my career <propmale>        but i don't want to do that right now so i'll just stay up   > >
my eighteenth birthday is coming up in a week!!!  d:  nooooo!!!!!  stop time!!!  stop!!!!!
o o  i    i think i'm having a breakdown!!  t t  i hate career <propmale>!!!!  every time i work on it i end up wanting to cry!!!!  moving onto history to try and calm myself down since i can't work on my satire when i want to curl up into a ball     i had to break my vow of not coming onto facebook until the 14th to share this   sorry mom    playful 
career <propmale>  asks you the big questions     @_@
o o  what do you mean it's 2011!!!!!  - -  man    i just got used to writing 2010 about 3 weeks ago 
me + spider = higher octave range and faster reflexes 
"i did it     i finally got myself to attempt reading pride and prejudice   (i tried once and stopped after going 2 pages into it   )  i finished it in two days!!!!   laugh   (shows and moviesi wanted to watch kept distracting me, otherwise i would have finished it sooner  laugh  )"
"o o  yes!!!!  they're making one of my favorite series, the guardians of ga'hoole, into a movie!!!!"
"i sometimes write something on my wall, post, then change my mind, delete it, and then wish i had kept it up an hour later "
my sister's going to kill my dad     -_-'
so    tired     must     not    sleep     *wanders onto facebook to keep from passing out *
-   -  i'm just turning eighteen     they don't need to make it a special day out of it 
opening a new castle age gift and then seeing the spider pop up makes some people squeak and quickly close the browser    laugh 
"> surprise   i just found out my sister likes kaname kuran a little better than zero kiryu from vampire knight yesterday   until now i had always thought that there was only a small minority of kaname fans, but now that there's one living with me     ><  they really are a threat to zeroxyuuki!!!!"
all castle age friends!!!  if i have not sent you an egg please tell me so i can send you one    annoyed 
it's only 4:50!!!!????  what the heck!!!  ><  i thought it was    like around 6!!!  t t  i was tricked!!!!
stupid homework   it's taking away my facebook time   t t  *swamped but working through the bog *
uh     t-t  i can't find where i put the thing that shows what i need on my poster   somebody please help     i can't tell if i have it all or not   please tell me what i need to have on it 
"yay for tangents!!!  okay everybody     - -  we're going on a rabbit trail, it might take a while so you should probably bring a picnic basket so we won't starve "
 _   walking into a room during a movie during the most random moment    laugh   yay!!  back to the future!!
i'm back from school   yay!!  career <propmale>     *curls up into the fetal position *  why?  why did the teacher make us poor seniors have to do an oral?  it's bad enough we have to do it in english   t-t
t t  i thought it was monday!
chicken!!!!!   annoyed 
= =  i     don't want to do an oral   i want to stay curled up in my warm bed and dream weird dreams   t t  the world is so not fair   
third day in a row and it's still raining   
- -  my dad's dropping hints that it's time to go to bed   *sigh *  time to finish that last question and get some zzzs   
"getting weird, random songs stuck in your head is both weird and random "
my satire has a <propfemale> for a guardian angel    smile 
"- -  i'm already 3 pages into my satire, and i still am not even close to finishing all my ideas   "
i don't know why i didn't go with the spidey pic at the beginning   it was my number one show of all time!  0 0
all i can say is     blegh 
- -  could somebody please find the disease that is procrastination and make a cure for it so that way i don't have to worry about goofing off when i'm supposed to do homework?  please and thank-you   *bows *
whenever i poke somebody i always think of the pillsbury doe boy and imagine the person laughing like him   it makes me laugh chuckle thinking about it   <propfemale> <propfemale> 
"gaaaahhh!!!!  i hate mood swings!!!   annoyed   one moment you want to hide in a corner, the next you want to go up to some random person's door and dance the poka because you have to much energy!!!  (exageration, i would never force someone i don't know to watch me dance the poka )"
blueberry
nooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! t t i hate it when your playing the sims and then it kicks you out before you save 
"'this could get snarky,'  -nanny (my grandmother )"
bwahahahahahaha!!!!  <propmale> sugar high!!!!   laugh 
o o  why do i have the new years song stuck in my head   ?
yay!!! spring break!!!  laugh   _  but then almost immediately after there's that huge oral for senior seminar  noooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >< please time!!!!! stop moving!!!!
howl is batman!!?  o o  *shock *
"i just can't get it out of my head,  boy this song is all i think about, i just can't get it out of my head   "
o o  my dad just shaved his head!  - -  he looks like golumn   pffft   and he even has a farmer's tan on his head!!!   laugh 
i'm finally going to start reading the book that i've been hearing so much about   the book that both of my parents have shivered at   the lord of the flies     i must admit i'm a little scared   jk    laugh 
"if you where one of those people on the side of the road with a sign asking for money, what would your sign say?   smile "
it's pretty bad when people are shocked that i'm a legal adult   *sigh *  my middle name is naive   - -;
 _   why are dads so annoying   ?  - -  do they go to some school for pushing buttons you didn't even know existed?   annoyed   who pays for those schools!!!?
you read one comment about <propfirst> beiber and the next thing you know     annoyed  one of his songs gets stuck in your head!!! nnnnyoooo!!!
"yesterday i discovered the origins of the saying, 'the cake is a lie '"
"please put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
oh my gosh!!!!  run!!!!   annoyed   run for your lives!!!!  there's a huge blob in the bathroom!!!!       never-mind!  it was just a mirror!       that is one good lookin' blob       wink 
final non-stop nyan cat score     5020 seconds   
"- - i'm okay    just fine    @ @ why do i bother lying to myself!? aaaaaaahhh!!! i don't wanna do that long oral! > > i-i-i'm sick! the tire blew out!  annoyed  pirates commandeered the life-raft and i can't swim! i'll drown when the ship goes down! nnnnyyyyyyooooooouuuu!    - - but seriously i'm okay  my panic switch is in the off position  < < it just looks like its on because it's an optic illusion   "
" annoyed   i'm alive!!!!  the ship was going down, but we had enough buckets to bail out the water!  i made it to shore!!!   annoyed   *does happy dance *"
"me:   laugh  yay! i made you laugh!clever bot:  nah  i lied me:  d: that's mean!clever bot:  i like someone with a good sense of humour me:  are you saying you don't like me? d: clever bot:  i love you, but i can't be with you anymore  i'm sorry, i have to leave me:  why are you dumping me when we never even went out!?  dx"
"i have finished the lord of the flies    _   i think it was actually pretty interesting, although it was rather disturbing     o o"
