still thinks that we live in a superficial world   
"bored, can't sleep    at least there's you tube"
my apocalypse - arch enemy
gr8  i'm blond lol
tired and feeling sensitive
feeling kinda lonely
what a mission 2 activate starcraft 2!
"it just takes one idiotic, inconsiderate person to mess up your day  sad "
"i know i shouldn't, but it's 2 hard 2 resist "
<propfemale> mclachlan - good enough
 sad 
"is just a little bit annoyed, maybe even upset"
my hands smell like christmas  smile 
loves winter 
"for all of the times we start, for all of the things im not   "
needs strong coffee 
waiting for one of the world's infinite possibilities 2 come knocking   
"so tired, wouldn't mind devouring a slab of chocolate  wink "
"""a friend is the one who comes in when the whole world has gone out""   ~grace pulpit"
not sure   
it would b really nice if everything was normal again 
"dear battle net, fuck you!"
loves the cold  smile 
just wants everything to be over 
feeling stupid
loves <propfirst>
"is loving the rain, it's really beautiful "
hectic  can't believe i start exams next week!
sick  sad 
"i'm dying for a slice of fruit cake and, rum and raisin ice-cream  smile "
"i do, i do want an apple i-pad  wink "
what an amazing world cup!
actually i'm pissd off 
wouldn't mind staying in bed all day 
"""the pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple"" - <propfirst> wilde"
hating exams!
mmm  tuna salad and provita  smile 
want's 2 go home 
joy  psych exam tomorrow afternoon!
"bitch, please!"
needs a spice gold and coke
hates research in the social sciences with a passion!
woke up at 5 for 6:45 lol
needs a lot of liquid courage!
really disgusting how the municipal workers have trashed howick  i don't agree with the gov cutting wages but there's really no need 2 trash the town 
woke up thinking it was sunday 
"ok, can't do that again "
gt so pissd when ppl dnt reply 2 fb msgs or comments 
kinda hating my internet connection!
i feel like sushi again  smile 
"off 2 <propfemale> land now    don't wana ride the rollercoaster anymore, i wana ride a more stable ride from now on "
need's a drink if i'm going to make it through today 
ffs! i hate m-net series  repeating part of an episode that you've just watched   not cool!
i can't believe it    unisa's assignment section was down and i couldn't submit my assignment  how sad    
ok  that was a weird dream!
think i'm gona watch secret life of bees and have some popcorn 
"and like that, it all disappeared"
goodluck 2 every1 writing exams this semester 
ok  that was a hectic exam 
some things in life are better left une playful erienced  maybe then people would be happier 
"can't wait 2 go away, so sick of howick, particular inhabitants and all that goes with living here "
angel - <propfemale> maclachlan
wow  that was a wild dream 
what 2 do   
so bored
wish exams were over!
hectic  so tired i can barely study and it's only 9! i must b getting old lol
had yummy pizza for supper  thanx <propfemale>  smile 
suddenly feels belonging
 sad 
"what does it mean 2 b ""scene""?"
would love 2 sleep in
good luck to everybody writing exams  smile 
hate mornings  sad 
"was just thinking, (at 1:42am btw), friendship is two sided as well as understanding and sincere  sometimes you can only do so much "
it'd b so awesome 2 b on another world 
there's nothing worse then getting up 4 work on a cold winters morning 
"   ""i'd rather pick flowers than fights   """
misses <propfirst>  sad 
seriously needs an office job  standing on my feet all day is killing 
"""a worker <propfemale> weigh less than a flower petal but she can fly with a load heavier than her, but she only lives four or five weeks  sometimes not feeling is the only way to survive"" - miss may talking to <propfemale> "
feels forgotten
so tired  gona c <propfirst> 2morrow  smile  mayb c a movie   
looking forward 2 the workshop next weekend  smile !
people who do gardening at 8 smile 0 in the morning deserve a brick thrown at them from my bedroom window  shut the hell up!
so sleepy 
really need some strong coffee
introspective
"these jeans r so nice, they're tight which results in my bum sitting on my hips!"
has a wonderful boyfriend
feels like i've just jumped bak  sad 
imagining what it'd b like 2 get on a yacht and sail away   far far away 
coffee with whipped cream  yum! thanx <propfemale> and <propfirst> for coming  smile 
could really use a wish right now 
is loving owl city!
is so not getting <propfirst> rogers theory right now  sad 
wants to get away from it all 
opened my bedroom window in hopes that the fucking fly would freeze 2 death!
really happy that your life is going perfectly    
finished exams  smile  now 4 some 21st birthday shopping 
<propfirst> left his writing pad at home  he's now sitting at the library (where he was supposed 2 study) on facebook 
"going 4 my first driving lesson 2day, awesomeness  smile "
<propfirst> trammell from true blood is so dam hot!
wow  it's cold 2day!
had a really good time at the <propmale> show 2nite  thanx every1  smile 
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
"""each morning when i open my eyes i say to myself: i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today  i can choose which it shall be  yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet  i have just one day, today, and i'm going to be happy in it ""-groucho <propfemale>"
"doing absolutely nothing, and loving it "
omw  resident evil: afterlife is coming to cinema's!!!! can't w8  smile 
is sick  frowny 
doesn't mind going back 2 dream land  smile 
wish i lived in dream world 
wants 2 b able 2 look up at the stars again
"ok  i'm gona love working at the video store in my free time, long hours but at least now i can maybe start having some money for myself "
dead untill dark - charlaine <propmale>  what an awesome book!
is cold and seriously doesn't feel like work 
misses high school and all the good times 
"""there's so many wars we fight, there's so many things we're not   ""- one republic, marching on"
good news from the vet  <propfirst>'s gona b ok  hopefully coming home on monday  had an amazing day with my bf 2  smile 
cannot wait 2 gt my drivers!
is really not feeling great about today  nostalgia (among other things) has set in 
"mayb, jst mayb i should sleep "
exam 2morrow  sad 
one republic - all the right moves
finds it amazing that i woke up well 
is kinda annoyed that i have 2 charge my phone every night! i barely use the dam thing 
thinks i need 2 detox  esp after those oily chilli bites 
in the mood for comfort food!
"lady gaga ft  beyonce - telephone  what an awesome, awesome song!"
excited for the <propmale> show 2nite 
bring on 2nd year psych!!!!
could sleep a few more hours 
"had a fantastic evening  some people are irreplaceable, some are unforgettable "
i refuse to be something i'm not
bored
whats with the weird dreams?!
who says you can't choose family?
is in a state of limbo
today will be a good day 
hope the sun shines 2morrow   
"salary, sweet sweet salary  if by any <propmale>  please b in my account tomorrow "
misses you
loves woolworths long life milk!
i find it weird that i'm the one that gets broken up with and told that i can't be loved more than a friend and that somehow makes me the asshole to his friends  very fucking unfair 
just   tired 
the last episode of true blood season 2 is so good!
would not mind being in a far far away place   
off 2 bed with a smallish amount of balgowan <propfemale> which i got yesterday as a gift  thanx <propfirst> and aiden  u guys will b the catalyst for good dreams 
"so tired, glad <propfirst> and <propfemale> r in their own place  awesome venue 4 my 21st  smile   smile "
nothing more wonderful than trying 2 sleep but u can't 
"working through personology, and i thought psych was easy lol"
want's 2 go 2 the red door!  smile 
getting more and more excited about seeing <propfirst> this weekend  smile 
"in the library studying, a lady just came in with a law text book  omw, that thing is huge! poor her lol "
"""sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof"""
<propfirst> morrison - please don't stop the rain
hopes the three fold rule will deal justice in due time 
thinks i'm gona take a break from facebook for a while
i passed my exams!  smile 
so over 2day 
maybe today won't be that bad  atleast i get to catch up on studying 
"live high, live mighty, live righteously"
so glad my baby's home
"never ever ever drinking again, ever!"
thankyou 2 everyone who made my 21st worth while  it was awesome!
no better way 2 face your fears than head on
"within these four walls lies my sanctuary, my own world  where the outside world has no effect on me and i can live by imagination alone "
is not in the mood for work 
maybe one day things will get better   
not tired  if only i didn't have 2 b up so dam early 2morrow  sad 
what a weird dream!
smiling from my liver  smile 
i'm overcome with boredom 
what a crazy day 
really wish i had a car 
"really bored at work  would much rather be at home playing splinter cell conviction or going out with friends   o well, only 7 more hours to go!"
is sad
does anyone have a clue as how to add a unisa email address to an external email client such as firefox?
ok  that exam went better than e playful ected  please god let me have passed!
had an awesome night 
was ecstatic when <propfirst> brought in a dead bird!
there really is so much hate in the world  life is 2 short 
"only disadvantage of a touch screen phone   u seem like an asshole for ""likeing"" people's status cause u accidently touched the ""like"" button instead of the ""view all comments"" button "
wow  <propfemale> <propfirst> - firework  what an amazing song! the music video is incredible 
wonders what will b achieved in the next few years   
the work load is finally lighter and i don't have 2 pay so much  smile 
is hoping that no one will create any stupid status updates about it being monday 
has had enough of facebook and mxit for this evening 
want's 2 snuggle
feels a little less stressed at the fact that i can take leave 4 a few days and catch up with my studies 
well at least i'm halfway through child and adolescent development   
"""   if it's a broken part replace it, if it's a broken arm then brace it, if it's a broken heart then face it, and hold yr own know yr name and go yr own way   """
"you can be as horrible as you'd like to be to me  just remember, the wheel turns really fast "
doesn't want 2 work  sad 
although i miss what we had i never want u back  ever 
is watching the happening
"milk, an amazing movie!"
is sleepy
so much studying 2 catch up  sad 
is sick of studying 
wants 2 stay on the coast again  sad 
has enjoyed 2day + i think my boyfriend is dam hot  wink  love you <propfirst> 
wish i had a fast forward and pause button 
seeing ghosts and feeling daggers all over again
 sad 
jst feeling a little fucking annoyed
needs some really strong coffee
zzzz   
please donate yr unused exercise bikes here     smile 
thinks yr dam fine
13months
irritated
my cat has my whole bed 2 sleep on (even 2 sleep inside) and she chooses the typex box   
listening 2 vh1  smile 
and the walls came crashing down 
"customer:what's similar about kodak and condomskyle:ummcustomer:they both hold yr happy memorieskyle annoyed mao"
almost got the iphone 4  sad 
dislikes house sitting with a passion 
vodka lime and lemonade please   make that a double
frankies tonight!  smile 
castleburn next weekend!
"how am i going to celebrate 2010? get completely drunk, to the point that i don't remember anything "
wish i had a twilight world 
it's our 1 year anniversary 2day! breakfast at wimpy then a picnic with good friends  i love you <propfirst>  thankyou for an amazing year 
jst wants 2 b happy  sad 
 sad 
is not in the mood 4 work on a saturday!
so happy for <propfirst> and <propfemale>
hasn't seen my boyfriend for 2 weeks  i miss him  sad 
"no one know's you better than yourself, you are your own best friend "
so awesome up in the berg  i could easily get used 2 this 
i wonder what freud would say about my dream last night   lol
facebook and mxit are both tools of procrastination 
bored   
waiting for inspiration
"resident evil: afterlife would have been so much better if they hadn't done it in 3d  i mean come on, random things jumping at the screen  how scary!  annoyed "
"exam time, how daunting"
"somehow the strength 2 keeping looking forward is right before your eyes, it's in the people who love you and the many hope's and dreams that still need to be accomplished "
if only there were more hours in a day   
dam fleas
"""get outta my way - <propfemale> minogue"""
"want to win a mini cooper convertible? then sms the word ""mini"" to 31116  sms is free! download vodafone opera mini browser for your phone  click the ""win a mini"" button"
   i'm thankful for you
feels like an empty void 
missed zanie 
some people need to grow up
wants 2 go 2 joburg pride so badly this year!
"when the voice of reason speaks, do you listen or remain completely oblivious in the hope that remaining oblivious would have a positive effect on your future "
"""surely there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little anxieties and doubts; the sight of the deep-blue sky and the clustering stars above seems to impart a quiet to the mind"" <propmale> edwards"
"""i don't know where we're going, i don't know who we are   """
i-phone 4 here i come!
"eat, pray, love was amazing!"
97cents airtime  not cool 
going for my license next month  yay!
secrets - one republic
is temporarly in heaven
"god, if you're listening  i would really like my life back "
there's nothing like sending your mother a message that was ment for your boyfriend 
lonely  sad 
sometimes dreams are the realities we wish we were part of 
this week will be awesome 
has recently discovered that i'm no good at wrapping hexagonal gifts 
one day <propfirst> will come home
"""the best part of being in a relationship is being able to share your life with someone"""
"i'm so over today  just want to go home, watch a few movies and eat pizza "
lives in a dream world
"""love one another and you will be happy  it's as simple and as difficult as that"" - <propfirst> leunig"
want's exams to be over already
*angel - <propfemale> mclachlan*
it's strange how people who were supposedly close to you are nicer 2 people they don't c everyday than 2 you 
that exam was a bitch!
"""you are the butter to my bread, the breath to my life"""
"""<propmale> iglesias feat  <propfemale> scherzinger - heartbeat""  amazing song, i'm not even a fan  he really needs to come out of the closet tho "
has just pimped my computer monitor 
love's the feeling of being drunk 
"unpacking boxes, throwing out old stuff  who said memories don't hurt!"
so tired  wishing my man was here
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
has the bestest boyfriend in the whole world
"not keen for work tomorrow    ""funa airtime"" and ""funa geza"", i just can't wait to deal with people "
"""breath and i'll <propfemale> you away into the <propfemale> sky and we'll stir the stars around and watch them fall away   "" on the wing - owl city"
hoby beach - kinky beach
"finally get to sleep, then you need 2 wake up  sad "
christmas cakes finally in the oven  now to wait two hours 
"really wishes <propfirst> would come home already, she's been gone since saturday  sad "
"""sleep that knits up the ravelled sleave of carethe death of each day's life, sore labour's bathbalm of hurt minds, great nature's second course,chief nourisher in life's feast ""~william shakespeare, macbeth"
so tired   
true beauty can only be found skin deep
i've lost <propfirst> and failed my drivers test  this week is going to be rough 
language development in infancy and toddlerhood    sad 
after the day i had today   i would love to have another new years <propfemale> e playful erience 
can't sleep   
music is good for the soul
"never take life too seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway author unknown"
"""love is a lonely place without you"" - <propfemale>"
"news from the old people in the library today    seed's, indian men, microsoft word, excel and the strength of the library carrier bags    don't ask me where the indian men come in, anyway "
would love to get motherless tonight 
closer to the edge - 30 seconds to mars
heaven holds a sense of wonder and i wanted to believe it when the rage inside of me subsides
"french toast and bacon, yum!"
so so so tired  i won't mind sleeping for a few more hours 
heart broken
i still love you
ok  that dream was a little to weird!
i want to fall asleep again and never wake up 
would like to be enveloped by a ball of light and be taken away 
ok  after watching leap year   i want to go to ireland!
somehow i know things will be ok   
part-time job  yes please!  smile 
is loving <propfemale>'s new song   it's the one with all the glasses  does anyone know what it's called? i want it!
i really want to move back to margate  maybe i should start looking for a job down there   
is missing my boyfriend  sad 
often the first step in friendship is your own 
it takes a few people to make you unhappy but just one amazing person to turn that around  thankyou for making me happy again  you know who you are 
what doesn't kill makes you stronger right?
bring on the public holiday and sleeping late!
nothing irritates me more than not being able to sleep!
"feels exactly like that old dinner service, forever being replaced "
"so another year of studying commences, studying in the library during lunch break while old ladies talk about their gran children or whatever they talk about "
is hating everything now 
bored!
"wednesday, wednesday please come quick   "
gets pissed off when people don't reply to smses
"if only, butterfly effect 2"
had so much fun today
really hate my job 
so irritated!
is so bored   
had the most beautiful dream  i want to go back to sleep  sad 
is now a bone marrow donor  smile 
"""to forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love  in return, you will receive untold peace and happiness""  - <propfirst> muller"
"in sleep we give into happiness because sadness doesn't exist, we learn to fly because we are free  above all, we e playful erience utter serenity   the worst part is waking up "
so hungry!
<propfemale> trek (the movie) was amazing  i can't believe i hadn't watched it sooner 
don't you just love the idiotic captions some people give their photo's   
"""both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society   the optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute""   ~gil stern"
numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it   ~j k  rowling
wants someone to cuddle me
can't sleep
had the most awful nightmare  sad 
"drained, feet are sore   i can't wait to get home "
i want a wimpy bar-one ice-cream so bad!
there is nothing more annoying than watching a video on youtube and yr internet connection dropping in the first half of it!
goldfish next weekend!
"each has his past shut in him like the leaves of a book shown to him by heart, and his friends can only read the title   ~virginia woolf"
i really don't feel like working this whole weekend!
rain + work = wanting to sleep
"when the world says, ""give up,""hope whispers, ""try it one more time ""~author unknown"
would love to be at the beach  it would do a world of good 
"really hates my job, i'm allowed to read anymore if there are no customers    how stupid "
5 more day's  sad 
could do with a few more hours of sleep!
"thinks i should have a five year plan, it's good to dream "
"driving lesson went well, i hope monday goes the same "
watching incendiary  it's an incredible movie 
sometimes you just have to say wtf!
would much rather sleep than be awake   weird thing is i keep dreaming about water 
"""in the ordinary world we trust in where things belong, everything has a place and believing in that makes us innocent and through the days under the same sky we hope, dream and laugh  we find and loose our way  endings are beginnings and moments like pieces, fit together again"" - winged creatures"
i passed my drivers!  smile 
bored
please let me know when you fucking die!
wtf! i can't log into my unisa and i have to submit an assignment!!!!
nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it   ~michel de montaigne
"chilling to evanescence, brings back so many good memories  smile "
"hmmm, should i or shouldn't i"
does anyone know the definition of the sociological term: social reality
the storm is so beautiful 
yay  yoga tonight!
"had an awesome time at yoga tonight, thanx <propmale> for coming with  smile "
exhausted
wants a car 
yoga tonight  smile 
