"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you "
"i'l hire a tutor to continue your teaching in such arts, until  you come of age and may decide for yourself if you wish to serve naamah "
"it's wayback week!!!!!! retro retro retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!! wayback week!!! (((oy vey)))"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons "
"haiti is without a government  to help out, i am donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley and two clintons! they may keep them permanently and i'll lend them a constitution since we're not using ours right now!! (copy and paste and pray for our president and country! ) we need our country back     "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"retro week is over! starting now, post a picture of someone *fictional*, male or female, from any genre, (movies, cartoons, tv, books) that you think *best represents your personality*  be creative  copy and paste this so we can all play along!"
"sorry everyone, i am not going to be online much for a while   i was admitted to the hospital on sunday evening for acute appendicitis   yesterday, i had an emergency appendectomy, so i am in a lot of pain and siting at the computer is not something that feels too good at the moment "
"tired of not feeling well and hurting every time i move  still am not allowed to drive  doc said 2 weeks after surgery if i feel at 100%  so what did i go and do? i ate popcorn and started coughing, strained a muscle  so much for life being back to norm this week  still cant lift anything for another 2 5 weeks too  and to think, i might be facing 2 more surgeries in the near future    gah!"
"pedophile alert!!!! <propfirst> pates has an open profile     do a search for his name    ive seen it for myself, he admits he is looking for boys and girls under the age of 10 block and report the scum and warn all your friends we need to stick together to get them all kicked off here!!!! he is the one with the close up of his eyes   "
"?????? ?????? ????????????if you have really nice friends, put this on your wall? i have many friends, thank you for being there ??????? ?????? ????????????"
how to remember pi to 7 decimal points   number of letters in each word correspond to the <propfirst> in pi - 'may i have a large container of coffee' - 3 1415926
"paste this to your status  if you know  someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack  upside the  head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the  lives of  many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a  smack  upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise   awareness!!"
"people need to understand  that children with ""special needs"" don't have an illness, they are not  looking for a cure - only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and  paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it as your  status for an hour? special education week march 22nd to the 26th  copy  and paste if you would, please ?"
grrr   i am really irritated   my son's school is telling me they are going to suspend him because he had physical contact with another student (that resulted in my son getting hurt) during a basketball game   last friday (suspension is tomorrow) 
"lol   this is too funny not to repost    in relation to the miners being rescued in chile   <propfirst> rodriguez: ""i think this is one time when sex with miners is totally acceptable!!!"""
"i dont know the validity of this statement, but it is funny non-the-less     gov  <propfirst> huckabee said   ""if we want to keep our nation's secrets 'secret'    store them where president obama stores his college transcripts and birth certificate """
"interesting analogythe owner of the phoenix suns basketball team, <propfirst> sarver, opposes az's new immigration laws  arizona's governor, <propfirst> brewer, released the following statement in response to sarver's criticism of the new law:"
"yay!  just got back in touch with my best friend from 3rd grade   i am so happy to find her, in 3rd grade, in the middle of the year, she disappeared   rumor was she had a heart attack   now i find her and she is doing well!  sometimes i really love the internet!"
wow   it is after 10pm and still 90 degrees out!!!
"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your   status for at least one hour?? promote love & acceptance!! not hate!! ? ? ? ?"
"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently "
is enjoying my new browser     takes a bit of getting used to
 sad   heater stopped working and the tech can't get out here until tuesday!!!!   sad 
happy new year !!!
"massive recall on matag (and other) dishwashers    sold between 2006-2010   check to see if yours has been recalled due to severe fire hazard!https annoyed  repair maytag com prjjck10 default jsp?sitecd=rcu_en_us&id=r173bv"
"privacy alert - facebook launched ""facebook places""   facebook is tracking where you are and allowing others to ""check you in"" for tracking purposes   go to: account->privacy settings->customize settings->things i share->places i check into->friends onlyaccount->privacy settings->customize settings->things others share->friends can check me in to places->disable"
"a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been        repost if you are blessed with at least one friend like this!  ?¸¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸?i am blessed with many such friends   smile  you all know who you are!"
psa - lumpectomies are painful   sad 
heading to bed     sweet dreams all   smile 
http annoyed  liveshots blogs foxnews com 2010 08 27 bringing-life-to-ground-zero 
"interesting how companies find ways to trace what we do   http annoyed  www wimp com printerspying "
"???? i loved you the minute you were born, then i saw your face and fell in love some more, you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still would! put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ????"
"fake (+)(+) , perfect (o)(o), perky ( wink ( wink ,cold(^)(^) and even grandmas \o  \o big ( • )( • ) or small ( ) ( ) save 'em all  repost for breast cancer awareness"
"your phone number is now on facebook! urgent!go to top right and click account then edit friends  go to left side of screen and click phonebook  please repost (privacy settings - phone - customize - only me)you also need to adjust the setting on your phone  on mine, i navigated to my facebook mobile site and clicked the menu button  scroll to ""options"" and make you are not syncing the phone with facebook "
children learn what they live
i know i am a bit late on this for some holidays   but     happy christmikwanzyulikkah  smile 
"the pleasant feeling of eating chocolate is caused by a chemical called anadamide, a neurotransmitter which also is produced naturally in the brain now   where did i put that darn block of chocolate!"
"omg, this is the best add-on for firefox ever!!!  have you ever seen a <propfemale> on the internet that you think should never have been put up, or someone who just totally pisses you off?  well, now you can exact revenge, or have fun simply dismantling their <propfemale>     and you get scored on your effectiveness!!!!https annoyed  addons mozilla org en-us firefox addon 14572 "
"age 4-mommy knows everything! age 8-mommy knows a lot! at 12-mom doesn't really know everything  @ 14-mom doesn't know much of anything  @16- mom doesn't exist  @18- she's so old-fashioned  @25- maybe mom does know about this! @35- before we decide, let's ask mom  @45- i wonder    what mom thinks about this? @75- i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have or had the best mom in the world!"
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status, so i can comment on yours! - fair is fair - play along"
just    wow    
"we're hearing reports of extreme weather affecting thousands of people throughout the usa  if you are able, get out and check on your neighbor to see if they have heat, electricity, water and food    especially the elderly!""remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness  every act creates a ripple with no logical end "" - <propfirst> adams"
"this will be interesting  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about you "
how giving flowers affect mood - a psychological e playful eriment
i really hate people who can't think for themselves and resort to being copycats for their moment of fame!
"facebook - one site to rule them all, one site to find them, one site to bring them all and in the darkness bind them "
http annoyed  m facebook com story php?story_fbid=166291066714744&id=1607679550&fbb=r25e259f5&refid=28
"urgent:  re: child abduction of my friend's children - d a  wants all photos and posts removed until the <propfemale> alert goes out  a friend of the dad posted this:all: spoke to the dad of the missing kids  the da and feds are not happy with attempts to help  if you posted the image, please take it down for now  its too early - when the <propfemale> alert goes out then we can put it on blast all we want  thanks!"
"stolen from sbnr  smile   ""each morning, when we wake up, we have twenty-four brand new hours to live   what a precious gift! we have the capacity to live in a way that these twenty-four hours will bring peace, joy and happiness to ourselves and others  "" ~thich nhat <propfemale> "
just found the most amazing product line!  went to the mall with my mom 2 days ago and found ourselves at the dead sea spa cosmetics kiosk at the media center mall in burbank   we bought 2 products to help with my son's skin    
yay!!!  thunder   smile 
"ok, talk about the high school textbooks going too far    consider this statement in my son's textbook for 10th grade history:just south of the sahara, mighty rivers flow across plains  these rivers include the congo, zambezi, and @#!*%  how the heck are they supposed to learn about the niger river if their textbook won't even show the word?"
"happy thanksgiving, happy turkey day, happy day of gluttonous abandon!"
"the history channel - the haunted history of halloween5 part series"
"post this as your status if you are against bullying of any type, or you have been bullied because of your weight, age, sex, race, religion, or your sexuality "
"for all my jewish friends   a  jewish man buys a fabulous home in <propfemale> hills, california  he brings in a  local workman to decorate the place  when the job is finished, the homeowner  is delighted but realizes that he's forgotten to put mezuzahs on the doors "
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags & wouldn't change a thing  lets see how many moms can actually post this  moms who don't care about what they gave up and instead, love what    they got in return! post this if you love your life as a mom "
"1  go to google maps and click get directions 2  write u s a  as your start point 3  write japan as your destination 4  go to the 31st point on your your route  when you stop laughing, re-post this in your status so that others can laugh too"
"a status message i just saw posted - ""as we trudged to the parking lot this morning, we were delighted to find someone had dug our car out of the snow  kindness! we passed it forward and dug someone else out  maybe they'll do the same? maybe even though we all still shoveled snow, we will be much happier about it, because it was an act of giving? imagine the whole world working like this   """
yay!  lump was a benign lipoma     does a happy dance!!!
"don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does  tipsy tow offered by aaa: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk self and your car home for free  save this number    1-800-222-4357  please re-post this if you don't mind "
"god could not be everywhere, that's why he created mothers  -- <propfemale> villanueva"
