it feels great to back in singapore
wishes dearest mustika a happy birthday!  smile 
is looking forward to our movie date  smile 
cant wait to meet bff tomorrow  smile 
misses her darling girlfriends ):
i miss nural adnan tonnes larhh ):
what would my mama do  if she knew ‘bout me and you? what would my daddy say  if he saw me hurt this way?
"finally, say gdbye 2 long hair  hopefully all my probs & troubles wud go away as well  always cut hair <propfemale> stressed out  sigh"
"perfect location, perfect setting, perfect company, perfect atmosphere  1 word 2 describe 2dae? perfect  smile "
"goshh its been daes already  fever, flu, running nose, cough, sore throat, migraine, plz go far far away "
feels gd 2 be bck in spore  home swit home  smile 
omg my feet is totally aching from walking in heels e whole day! bt it was definitely an enjoyable one nvrtheless   smile 
needs to get well soon
i miss you 
leaving for kl  be bck in a wik or two  tata!
cant help but overthink too much
congrats sezairi sezali for winning e crown! u deserved it better den any1 else  u make us proud!  smile 
congrats @sezairi sezali for winning e crown! u deserved it better den any1 else  u make us proud!  smile 
dont let insomnia consumes you again
filtering my friends' list  its about time 
"; curse me inside, for every word that caused you to cry "
"dearest beloved sister of mine, dayang hidayah, happy 22nd love  may u be blessed wif evrytng beautiful in lyf  ? u akak!  smile "
you know you ? me as much as i ? you
; your presence confuse me  should i ask you to stay or go 
"happy birthday <propmale> rahman zainal abidin , nurfarahin mohd amin , hani san , shaabrina roslan & <propfemale> loi !  smile "
; i never want to play the games that people play  i never want to hear the things they gotta say 
"happy birthday beloved father, darling bff nural adnan & cuzzy <propfemale> fershizzae !"
happy anniversary beloved mother & father! may your love last till eternity  love you both  love 3
; i laugh myself to sleep  its my lullaby 
; i wanna scream  it makes me feel alive 
; sometimes i get so weird  i even freak myself out 
; so knock me off my feet  come on now give it to me  anything to make me feel alive 
; let down your defenses  use no common sense 
; is it enough to love? is it enough to breathe? is it enough to die? somebody save my life 
"; to walk within the lines, would make my life so boring  i want to know that i have been to the extreme "
; i'd rather be anything but ordinary please 
"note to self: no more shopping siitee  uve spent enuf on 2day to last u e whole wik, or mayb mnth  tsk tsk"
; i refused to give up  i refused to give in 
; maybe i didn't know how to show it  and maybe i didn't know what to say 
; what i got to do to make you love me? what i got to do to make you care?  what i got to do to make you want me?
"; if you look you will see that this world is a beautiful, accident, turbulent, succulent, opulent, permanent, no way"
; late at night i'm still wide awake  feel this is far more than i can take  i thought my heart could never break  now i know that's one big mistake 
"; you used to                      love me, you used to hug me  but that wasn't the case  everything wasn't ok "
; out of my mind  nothing makes sense anymore 
"; so if i did something wrong, please tell me  i wanna understand "
; am i just some chick you place beside you to take somebody's place? when you turn around can you recognize my face?
"; i was left to cry there, waiting outside there, grinning with a lost stare "
; why should i care? if you don't care then i don't care  we're not going anywhere 
; didn't you feel me lock my arms around you? why'd you turn away?
"; are you aware of what you make me feel, baby? right now i feel invisible to you, like i'm not real "
"happy valentine's day darling bff nural adnan, gf fadie bellamy, gf ayu rangga, gf hazimah saini, gf siti nur hajar radzuan & gf atika ramli  ?"
had an awesome day wif bff nural adnan today! we shud do it agn babe  im lyking e movie marathon  lol
; open your eyes  open up wide 
"thnks darling nural adnan, fadie osman & siti nur hajar radzuan for gg dwn memory <propfirst> wif me 2day  i really appreciate e company  i didnt <propmale> i miss sch dat much, until 2day happened  u gerls r e best larhh! much ? gf  smile "
; sometimes i drive so fast  just to feel the danger 
"; and ever since the day you left me here alone, i've been trying to find the reason why "
; if its wrong to tell the truth  then what am i supposed to do  when all i want to do is speak my mind 
"; why should i care? cause you weren't there when i was scared, i was so alone "
"; somebody rip my heart out, and leave me here to bleed "
happy birthday dear fren syaheed <propmale> aziz & lil sis nurul atiqa zulkifni  smile 
; what i got to do to be heard? what do i say when it's all over?
"; you need to listen  i'm starting to trip, i'm losing my grip and i'm in this thing alone "
; if everything was everything  but everything is over  everything could be everything  if only we were older 
"happy chinese new year to all my chinese friends & for all the others, happy holidays  smile "
"happy 21st birthday cuzzy dear, sulaiman white sheckler  smile "
"| to my dearest friend, afeeq reef, happy 19th ?   enjoy ur last teenage year while u still can & do have a blast!  smile "
; happy birthday dear friend harun rashid & eira eriana  smile 
"; even when you're surrounded with so many people around you, why do you still feel all alone  loneliness and emptiness still consumes you no matter what "
; happy 23rd anniversary beloved father & mother ?
retail theraphy hasnt felt this good  smile 
"; dont be dismayed at goodbyes  a farewell is necessary before you can meet again  and meeting again after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends "
; my heart is telling me that you could be my meant to be  i know it more each time we touch 
; i'd tell you sad stories about my childhood  i don't know why i trusted you but i knew that i could 
"; sometimes i love you, sometimes you make me blue  sometimes i feel good, at times i feel used  loving you darling, makes me so confused "
"is missing her bitches syafiqah threenine & <propfemale> amir  its been so long since we last <propfemale> out together  is it so hard to plan a damn dinner date or even just meet up for drinks? come on ladies, im sure we can do better!"
; if it ain’t coming out  we’re not going anywhere  so why can’t i just tell you that i care 
"; i'm through accepting limits  'cause someone says they're so  some things i cannot change  but till i try, i'll never know "
"; in e process of filtering friends list  so far ive deleted quite a number, still got loads more to go  if u havent been in contact with me for more den 6 months or we havent interacted before, most prolly u'll be deleted too  im sorry, but im limiting my fb accnt to those dat truly matters  smile "
; another loved one has passed away  it makes you wonder how short life actually is  may your soul be blessed  rest in peace dear uncle  amin 
; happy 15th birthday darling lil sis dewi amalina ?
happy 10th birthday dearest little sister puteri sabariah  love 
"; everyone is changing, there's no one left that's real, to make up your own ending, and let me know just how you feel "
; just realized someting   omg sooo many photos to upload!
"revenge of the mummy was awesome! we rode it thrice, yet still wants to go for more rounds  haha"
"; you look so dumb right now  standing outside my house  trying to apologize  you're so ugly when you cry  please, just cut it out "
; dreams of when we had just started things  dreams of you and me 
; it seems that i can't shake those memories  i wonder if you have the same dreams too 
"; damn i looked like an evil vampire with these red eyes - -"""
"; what’s wrong with my tongue  these words keep slipping away  i stutter, i stumble  like i’ve got nothing to say "
; it didn’t do me any good  it’s just a waste of time 
; im staring at my feet  my cheeks are turning red  im searching for the words inside my head 
"; fall back, take a look at me  and you'll see i'm for real  i feel what only i can feel  and if that don't appeal to you  let me know  and i'll go "
"; cause i flow, better when my colors show  and that's the way it has to be, honestly  cause creativity could never bloom, in my room "
"; i know its not right, but it seems unfair  that the things are reminding me of you "
; sometimes i wish we could just pretend  even if only for one weekend 
; if you're trying to turn me into someone else  its easy to see i'm not down with that  i'm not nobody's fool 
; if you're trying to turn me into something else  i've seen enough and i'm over that  i'm not nobody's fool 
; i wonder what you're doing  imagine where you are  there's oceans in between us  but that's not very far 
"; sometimes she puts up walls not to keep others out, but to see who ares enough to break em down "
; what use is it to you  what’s on my mind 
"; and i remember when you started calling me your miss's  all the play, fighting, all the flirtatious disses "
; if i could see what i want to see  i want to see you go down on one knee 
; just try to figure out  exactly what i'm about  if its with or without you  i don't need you doubting me 
should stop procrastinating and start doing assignments  tsk
; to find you're here for  open another door  but i'm not sure anymore  it's just so hard 
"; so if i did something wrong, please tell me  i wanna understand "
"; he don't want it  not like you want it  scheming and cheating  oh why do you, waste your time  you know he ain't right "
"; you don't know what you lost  and you wont realize, till i'm gone  that i was the one  which one of us, is really done "
"; looking 4rwd to meet all e awesome gfs later, see u ladies at my hse soon  love "
universal studios is super pack with humans!
; the littlest things that take me there  i know it sounds lame but its so true 
; but you put on quite a show  really had me going  but now it's time to go  curtain's finally closing 
; but do you give a damn? understand? that i can't not be what i am 
is back to popping pills 
; loving you is not just luck or illusion  it's not by <propmale> we make the perfect solution  we got the answers but there's no e playful lanation 
"; u have never been in love, until you've seen the stars  and u have never been in love, until you've seen the <propfemale> rise  u have never been in love, until you've seen the sunlight thrown "
"; happy birthday darling dearest beloved sister dayang hidayah, adeq  love  u loads akak!"
"; every little thing u do, makes me fall in love with u  every little thing u say, makes me want to feel this way "
"; you don't know, you think you know me like yourself  but i fear, that you're only telling me what i wanna hear "
"; its not a simple hearing but not so soon  i might've fallen for that when i was fourteen, and a little more green  but its amazing what a couple of years could mean "
"; what if you wasted love and our love in time disappeared, and the sad song ends up being the last song you'll ever hear? what if we left every moment that we have spared, and the perfect song ends up being the last song you'll ever hear?"
; this is stupid  i'm not stupid  don't talk to me  like i'm stupid 
; so come on  tell me  is this the end?
; trying to make this work  but you act like a jerk  silly of me to keep  holding on  but the dunce cap is off 
; we'd spend the whole weekend lying in our own dirt  i was just so happy in your boxers and your t-shirt 
: everything's so blurry and everyone's so fake and everybody's empty and everything is so messed up
; i'd throw it all away before i lie  so don't call me with a compromise  <propfemale> up the phone  i've got a backbone stronger than yours 
; some say it’s not over ‘till it’s over  guess this is really over now  there’s something i gotta say before i let you go  listen 
"; dear salihin zainal, happy 21st ?"
"; you could be my someone, you could be my scene  you know that i'll protect you, from all of the obscene "
"; gosh, haven't had this much laughter for so long  it felt awesome to be able to laugh to my heart contents  smile "
; would you be laughing out loud  if i played to my own crowd 
; teacher's day dinner at swensens with lv@gr colleagues  smile 
"; dear asyraf g bin ghazali, happy 21st ?"
"; in your eyes, i feel your fire burn  oh your secrets i will learn, even if it takes forever "
"; guess, im wishing my life away  with these things i’ll never say "
"; with you by my side, i can do anything  i don't care what tomorrow brings, as long as we're together "
; i still love you  but i just cant do this  i may be dumb  but i'm not stupid 
"; go ahead and try  try and look me in the eye  but you'll never see inside  until you realize, things are trying to settle down "
; im feeling nervous  trying to be so perfect  'cause i know you’re worth it 
"; my new nickname, is such an idiot  that's what my friends, are calling me when  they see me yelling, into my phone "
; if i could say what i want to say  i'd say i wanna blow you away 
; be with you every night  am i squeezing you too tight 
"; what you would do if i gave you a <propmale> to make things right  i still love you but i just can't do this  they're telling me let go, he is not the one  i thought i saw your potential, guess that's what made me dumb  trying to make this work, but you act like a jerk  silly of me to keep holding on "
; telling me this  i don't wanna listen  but you insist  on repeatedly trying  to tell me lies  and i just don't know why 
"; happy 6 years to us, dearest lil bro muhammad ihsan ? may we hav e many more yrs to come  smile "
"; what kind of man that you are, if you're a man at all  well i will figure this one out, on my own "
; don't tell me you're sorry cause you're not  baby when i know you're only sorry you got caught 
"| <propfemale> eusofe, sitz <propmale>, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propmale> reza & <propmale> kyn; do upload e photos asap  cant wait!  smile "
; im tugging at my hair  im pulling at my clothes  im trying to keep my cool  i know it shows 
; on mc today t t
"; if i stay, would you put an end to all the games you play? can you promise me that you will never stray? has to be a new beginning from today, only way i will stay "
"; let me know, stay or go "
; i just came to see  what you would do if i  gave you a <propmale>  to make things right 
; something happens when you look at me i forget to speak  something happens when you kiss my mouth my knees get so weak 
; damn i really feel like tearing up  goodness t t
; told me this would be nothing  but a waste of time  and she was right 
; sometimes i find myself sitting back and reminiscing  especially when i have to watch other people kissing 
; and the award for  the best liar goes to you  for making me believe  that you could be faithful to me 
"yesterday's dinner at roszy's tiffin house with imd gfs was an awesome event  thanks to nural adnan, fadie osman, ayu rangga, hazimah saini, siti nur hajar radzuan, atika ramli, numie tuah, erfa kz & noraisyah suyiudi for making it possible   love  u ladies to bits!  smile "
"; e zoo & night safari outing yest wif nural adnan, fadie osman, ayu rangga, hazimah saini, siti nur hajar radzuan, atika ramli & numie tuah was a blast  thanks ladies, for sparing e time & contributing effort in making it a successful one  girlfriends, i ? u all  smile "
; happy 75th dear lil bro 
"; happy teacher's day to all teachers, lecturers & professors  smile "
"; when i was feeling down, you made that face you do  there's no one in the world that could replace you "
; so many nights i asked the lord above  please make me lucky enough to find a love that lingers 
; if you wanna bring me down  go ahead and try 
; kau hancurkan aku dengan sikapmu  tak sadarkah kau telah menyakitiku 
"; something keeps telling me that you could be my answered prayer  you must be heaven sent, i swear "
; they tell me let go  he is not the one  i thought i saw your potential  guess that's what made me dumb 
"; could it be true, is this what god has meant for me? 'cause baby i can't believe  that something like you, could happen to me "
; that was quite a show  very entertaining  but it's over now  go on and take a bow 
"; but if i go, this will be the final curtain of the show  you have lost the best thing you've ever known  guess you have to learn to make it on your own "
will be filtering fb friend's list soon  so either you talk or you're off the list 
"; burning e midnight oil, another sleepless night yet agn *shrugs*"
; i wake up in the morning  put on my face  the one that's gonna get me  through another day  doesn't really matter  how i feel inside  'cause life is like a game sometimes 
"; the first time that you introduced me to your friends  and you could tell i was nervous, so you held my hand "
; happy birthday beloved brothers <propmale> hafiz bin mazelan & muhammad syukri ?
is back to popping pills  sigh 
; life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life 
; but then you came around me  the walls just disappeared  nothing to surround me  and keep me from my fears  i'm unprotected  see how i've opened up  you've made me trust 
; so many times i thought i held it in my hands  but just like grains of sand  love slipped through my fingers 
"; i'm trying to remember  why i was afraid to be myself and let the, covers fall away  i guess i never had someonelike you  to help me fit, in my skin "
"; gosh, retail theraphy never felt this awesome  it does help relieves the stress and problem you're having "
"; people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most ofyou probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
; all i need is you needing me the same way i'm needing you
"""life as we know it"" is a superbly awesome movie, worth watching indeed  i would definitely recommend evry1 to watch it, its two thumbs up! ohh & thanks rash rejabs for a memorable night out yest, really appreciate dat it was sweet & simple  smile "
"""it's a lie to think you're not good enough, it's a lie to think you're not worth anything"" - <propmale> vujicic _____*thanks <propfirst> fiq topek pit for making me see reason  it was truly touching, i even teared up watching it  i really appreciate this from the bottom of my heart  hugs*"
happy birthday dearest muhd hidayat  smile 
"thanks nural adnan, ayu rangga, fadie osman, hazimah saini, siti nur hajar radzuan, atika ramli for e great raya outing yest! ? u all so much  next outing, my 21st okays? haha  smile "
"; happy birthday to beloved father, darling bff nural adnan & cousin dearest mohamad <propmale>  smile "
"; being sick is the last thing i need right now, sigh "
"; happy birthday mother dearest,  love  u always!"
"; because i've never felt like this before, i'm naked around you  does it show? you see right through me, and i can't hide  i'm naked around you, and it feels so right"
"; something has changed within me, something is not the same  i'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game "
; happy fasting to all my malay muslim family & friends  may we all have a fruitful fasting month ahead  smile 
"children with special needs are not ill - it is not contagious  they only want what we want - to be accepted! can i make a request to all who are willing to post this - please leave on your status for at least one hour? it is special education week and this is in honour of all children who need a little extra understan   ding and love  let's see how many of my friends will copy, paste and re-post this! thank you "
; why'd you have to go the moment i need you e most  sigh
"; when all is said and done, more is said than done "
"; i know i misbehaved, and you made your mistakes  and we both still got room left to grow  and though love sometimes hurts, i still put you first "
"; first deserve, then <propfemale>  ohh how powerfully the magnet of illusion attracts "
"; dear biological clock, you suck to e <propmale>  <propfemale> im super exhausted & totally drained out, why cant u let me sleep soundly like a baby  but <propfemale> i have so many tings to complete, u made my eyes droop wif such heaviness dat i cant even lift em up  i hate u, i really do  tsk"
"; happy birthday my darling baby mustika mymunah, i  love  u no matter wat  smile "
"; eid mubarak to all my muslim friends & relatives  hope u have a blissful one, may u be blessed always  smile "
; lets not dwell on e past memories or ppl dat are not worthy of being included in ur present or future life  its better to let go & live life to e fullest  smile 
"beloved paternal cousins, sitz <propmale>, <propfemale> <propfemale> & <propmale> kyn, do help me wish those two twin aunties of mine a happy birthday and best wishes  smile "
"; in the process of filtering her friends list for both cyber & real world  for those who's been idling around without actually being involve in my current life or those who don't matter, do e playful ect to be deleted off soon  i think, it's about due time i do so, no more procrastinating "
; in my field of paper flowers and <propfemale> clouds of lulllaby  i lie inside myself for hours and watch my purple sky fly over me 
"darling bff nural adnan, beloved sisters dayang hidayah & dewi amalina, photoshoot photos are uploaded!  smile "
; i just want me to mean to u like wat u mean to me 
"; why are you doing this to me, why? why do you have to do this to me, make me cry? was it enough to throw everything we had?"
; e super heart to heart talk wif my fav dearest guyfren rash iteq at my fav beach yest was worth it  we both definitely need it & shud definitely do it agn sumtym soon  smile 
; a hug is all i need  someone to hold me tight & ensure me that everything is okay 
"; wednesday lunch date & drinks with darling lc girlfriends, movie & dinner date with darling imd girlfriends  thursday whole day trip of fun to rws & universal studios with darling bff  friday lunch, dinner & whole day trip to favourite beach with dearest guyfriend  many priceless memories in just 3 consecutive days  many thanks to those that made it possible,  love  u all lovelies!"
"; i know its silly, but i cant help but tear up t t"
"; such a failure, i am  sigh"
"; yesterday we had extreme log ride cineblast, luge skyride & megazip flying fox at sentosa plus post-xmas mini shopping spree at vivocity "
; everything so blurry and everyone's so fake  everyone is changing and there's no one left that's real 
"; u don't know me, don't ignore me  u don't want me there, u just shut me out, make me go away "
"; was torn btwn watching a romance, comedy or action movie so kinda left e decision to e available timing  fate made a gd choice indeed, tron was great!"
; love is a meeting of minds and a beating of hearts 
"; it was a trial, you made a mistake, we know  cant you see you hurt me <propfemale>  but why arent you sorry?"
"; my whole day, virgin trip to universal studios yest was uber awesome  e rides, e food, e e playful eriences, e souveniors, e company, all was priceless  thanks darling bff nural adnan for making this opportunity a memorable one, ? you loads larh babe  smile "
"; eid mubarak to all my dearest friends & beloved family  have a blessed year ahead  many  love , xoxo siitee  smile "
"; happy 32nd birthday my darling gf, my godmum, e <propfemale> of mean, syafiqah threenine & ohh u too my beloved singapore, happy 45th  smile "
; u give me love  u give me light  u showed me that everything that's been happening really opened up my eyes 
; sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory 
"; just because she comes off strong, doesnt mean she didnt fall asleep crying  and even though she acts like nothing is wrong, maybe she's really good at lying "
"; apparently e infection was worse den i thot  instead of a day, i got 2 days worth of mc  sigh"
; <propfemale> christmas to all friends & colleagues who celebrate it  smile 
"; happy 21st birthday to my darling dearest guyfriend, rash rejabs & happy 20th birthday to my beloved godbrother, muhammad ihsan  love "
"; surrounded by uncertainties, i'm so unsure of  tell me why i feel so alone  because you said that we'd make it through  and when all security fails will you be there to help me through"
"; nor could i ever own what's mine, when you're always taking sides  but you won't take away my pride  no, not this time "
; inception was    dere's no words to describe e movie  i'm speechless n dats totally a gd ting  a movie worth watching n i'm recommending u all to go watch it 
; somewhere we went wrong  we were once so strong  our love is like a song 
; a man is known for e company he avoids  don't blame e mirror for your own reflection 
"; i can't imagine any greater fear, than waking up without you here  always know that i would find a way to get to where you are, there's no place that far "
; e best compasses does not point to true north 
"; ive finally bid farewell to friendster & myspace  shud i do e same for multiply & blogspot too  and just stay wif fb, twitter & tumblr  hmm wat do u tink?"
"; everyone's been giving outstanding reviews for inception  makes me green with envy & want to watch it myself soon enough - -"""
"; all of the times we were together, and the times we can never be together again  aren't they wasteful, to you? does it not matter to you? even now, are you okay without me?"
"; in e end u'll see who's fake, who's true, and who'll risk it all for u "
"; just finished breaking fast wif gfs at roszy tiffin house  very satisfying indeed, i'd recommend it to evry1  food is indeed awesome n value for money  smile "
"; i say i'm leaving, i'm really going  to see if you can live, without me "
"; e day a door is closed, e echoes fill your soul  dey wont say which way to go, just trust ur heart  to find ur here for, open another door  bt im not sure anymore, its just so hard "
"; hot starbucks coffee on a cold night wif awesome company, really is such a great feeling  smile "
; so long and farewell  
"; missing her darlings & dearies, meet up soon please  smile "
; maybe me leaving e country is for e best  i think i badly need this break frm everything  farewell & so long den 
; love will make you forget time & time will make you forget love 
; how did we get here  i used to know u so well 
; being with you is so dysfuntional  im not suppose to miss you but i cant let u go 
"; image makeover & photoshoot with beloved sisters dayang hidayah, dewi amalina & darling bff nural adnan was super fun  cant wait for e photos to be developed, stay tuned!  love "
"; 7 years ago, on this very day    *nostalgic moment*"
"; letting go of the things we once love is not a sign of weakness or that you are giving up, its to show that we understand things are just not meant to be "
"happy 21st siitee  ur a year older nw  hopefully things will get better this upcoming yr ahead  to my darling twinnie, <propfemale> ishak, happy 21st to u too babe  smile "
"; better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder "
; i just came to see what you would do if i gave you a <propmale> to make things right 
"(cont'd) thanks erfa kz, <propfemale> oolie oolie, numie tuah, alif washburn for e great raya outing yest! ? u all so much  next outing, my 21st okays? haha  smile "
; no matter what my mind recalls  i see your face and i know that you will always be there  just wanna know how you're doing these days  didn't mean to cause you any pain  i'm so deeply sorry 
had deleted those who didnt matter  should have done this ages ago though  what a relieve 
"; its really comforting knowing that there are still those people who actually mean it when they say they will be there for you whenever you need them, and not just saying that they are concern about you yet in fact those concerns are merely just words  and simply for that, i'm truly grateful to have those awesome people in my life, no matter how shitty it gets  you know who you are  love "
"darling ajin ardilles, happy birthday  love "
; been feeling hot & cold all at e same time  is dat normal?
"; so i made it, eventhough someone told me this would be nothing but a waste of time and he was right"
"; had an awesome day out at sentosa & mini shopping spree at vivocity with bff nural adnan , lil sis dewi amalina & lil bro umar diesalone  love "
"; how can i decide what's right, when you're clouding up my mind? i cant win your losing fight, all the time "
"missing bestie badly, hope ur doing well in a foreign land my dear  u take care of urself okays ):"
; just turn around  it hurts me too much  i don't want to see you anymore 
"; as e date it all started gets nearer by day, i kept getting more & more flashbacks of e past  making all e memories of those times fresh & clear in my mind "
; awesome display of fireworks!  smile 
"lunch date at manhattan fish market, mini picnic bday celebration & e trip to sentosa spooktacular wif gfs nural adnan, ayu rangga & siti nur hajar radzuan was super duper exciting  loads of laughing, screaming & shouting our lungs out  overall, an awesome day indeed  love  u ladies!"
"; alhamdulillah, finally success is attained  thanks for all e well wishes, really appreciate em  smile "
; happy new year everyone! lets say our gdbyes to 2010 & welcome 2011 with open arms  smile 
"; i was being fooled, thanks  all this while, i didn't even know who you actually were  but i finally know now  you don't know love, so don't claim you do  it sickens the rest of us, pathetic really "
"; holiday mode on, assignment mode off "
"; yesterday we had an extreme splashing good time at downtown east with loads of swimming, riding e waves & downing e multiple slides "
"was digging thru my hard disk n found so many stuffs dat i barely rmbr bout  e old photos do bring bck memories of e gd old days  i managed to hav a few luffs browsing thru em  wow, time really flies by real fast  we're all grown up nw, carving our own paths 2wards e future "
"; in this cold cold weather, how i long for my hot caramel macchiato frm starbucks  smile "
; ibadlywannagoretailtheraphyprettyplease!
"shud bear in mind to always upload photos at arnd diz time of e night  uploading was a breeze, no network prob  awesome, really  haha"
"; had another fun-tastic outing today at wild wild wet with bff nural adnan , lil sis dewi amalina , lil bro umar diesalone , lil cousins amirah rashid & dianah <propmale> rashid  love "
; salam maulidur rasul to all muslims  let us all be thankful for diz day  i was lucky enuf to have e same islamic birthdate as our beloved prophet pbuh 
; happy 24th anniversary to beloved father & mother  love  plus happy birthday to dearest old friend <propmale> rahman zainal abidin & lil sis shaabrina roslan  smile 
"; will the angel or the devil, die in ecstasy? there's something coming over you, come over me  falling in love is never easy, 'cause they're so good  i'm so bad, so let's get ugly "
; i feel something over me  and try to run away from the demons that haunted me  no place to hide 
"; now a whisper's calling me  and why does my skin crawl, with the pain of insanity?"
; tell me what's going on? i know there's something on your mind  can you just open up?
"; seen the change, watching it fade  holding my breath, feeling it fail "
"; not easy to say, harder to do  working it hard, wondering why  cant fix it now, so why even try "
"; there's not a <propmale>, there's not a prayer  cant pull a miracle out of the air "
"; hiding wont hide it, smiling wont hide it  everyone's tried it now, and failed somehow "
"; hating wont do it, denying wont do it  crying wont drown it out, what you said "
; meeting bff in a lil bit  damn i miss hanging out wif her sia  long time <propfemale> go out for movie dates ):
; adjustment bureau is awesome shit  wasn't e playful ecting anything less frm e director of inception  i'd highly recommend u to catch it  smile 
"; if life is a battlefield, then there's so many dangers  just when you think its okay, it blows up in your face "
"; we try, we fall, and we live another day  we went for the sky, fell down low and flew too high  but still survived "
; learning is a continuous journey  you're never too old to learn  you're learning something new every moment you live 
"; we loved to dream aloud, with both feet on the ground  but where's the sense in that? we'd never get it back "
"; it seems so far away, but so close  its there for us to take, when most would waste it "
; you are the sunshine that makes my day  and i wont let them take that away 
"; don't love in black and white, do we? its just another fight to me  if we don't take it on, we wont get far "
; he aims a smile and he's not afraid to use it  he holds my gaze just long enough for me to feel like i'm gonna lose it 
"; he knows what he's doing to me and he knows when he calls, i'll fall for him every time  cause im wrapped around his perfect little finger, he is my weakness "
; i know it might sound crazy but i don't wanna let go  now i don't mind spending every night if he doesn't let go 
"; a look from him is like oxygen, how would i keep breathing without him? he breaks a hole as he looks away, now my heart skip beating without him "
; happy 24th anniversary beloved mother & father  may u both be blessed with many more wonderful years together  many  love  from all your 6 children  smile 
; rain rain go away  come agn sum other day 
"; congrats nural adnan ayu rangga siti nur hajar radzuan numie tuah & nurhidayah bte zainal alam! today was a success  be proud of ourselves 'cause we managed to pull through despite the lack of ideas, distracted by food, fan too strong, leg cramps and so on  overall, it was an awesome good time  ladies, we should have more of these outings ehh  ???!"
