"i need to do my ""about me"" poster for social studies    and my music assessment    and    my r e  booklet thingy  i    gah "
omg i just dropped my usb key into a bowl of yogurt    i'm gonna check if it's okay   annoyed 
my cat just made a squeaking sound   annoyed 
"raining, raining, raining "
life is not good at the moment  sometimes i just feel like taking a ton of painkillers  maybe they'd kill the pain 
there 
chocolate truffles 
alpacas?
noooooooooooooooooooooo whhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?!
i'm doing my mum's gst returns   annoyed 
debating = scary 
has anyone seen the new google? horrible isn't it?
i've probably eaten 30 calcium tablets today    do you think i'll be okay?
hmm    i was    thinking of something    then    then    i forgot it 
"gah, finished ordering and gluing all the receipts  gotta look at bank statements and do graphs now  i don't know why i bother "
omg  my orthodontist is gonna take 4 of my teeth out  scary  gonna cost a mightly lot too  my mum's looking at me like it's all my fault  dx
"okay, i'm not gonna eat chips anymore  i'm gonna try rice crackers instead  i'll see how it goes   smile "
"i'm eating the remains of my birthday cake  is it just me, or are my birthdays getting progressively worse?"
the bakery sells nice pies 
the sand dunes in opononi are amazing 
i'm gonna start my maori assesment now because it's due tomorrow 
omg my dog eats rice    he's asian 
"gah, won't be on tonight  my mum and me are swapping laptops  she's getting my shiny one and i have to get hers because she says hers is too slow  - -"
"woaaaaaah  a kid nearly died in front of us today  we were driving and then this fat chinese kid ran in front of us    well, she missed us so she kept on running and then this white <propfirst> in the other <propfirst> came and knocked her over from the side  but she was okay   surprise "
so uh    *awkward silence*
hi mrs stepanzxvcbzghcs  mrs stepandaufvan?  annoyed 
that's it  right  i'm giving up on these cookies 
"i had a strange dream this morning: we were learning how to make plants look pretty at school and the teacher was giving trees out but when she stopped to give me something, she gave me a pot of grass  well, i put the grass on the table and went to talk to her to see if i could exchange my grass for a tree  the rest of the dream is in the comments because fb doesn't lke long statuses  = ="
"ahem  attention  i quote: ""<propfirst> tan: aaagh stuff this    use this as ur status and ill be algoods > smile ""boingboingboing wibblesnard spaghettihetti ladyloo snargamuffin heehaw ngeeheehee"""""
omg ipad!
i have    very vivid dreams   annoyed 
"ohno  after the holidays i will have    braces  braces and glasses  ew  gay "
happy new year everyone! 2011 here we come   laugh 
i  stapled  my  thumb  and  it  hurt  i  left  it  in  my  finger  for  ages  because  i  tried  to  pull  it  out  and  it  hurt  even  more  than  leaving  it  in  aargh 
i have no ego  lol jokes   surprise 
"12:53 last night, just finished reading a book by torchlight 15 minutes ago, currently 8 minutes into listening to the radio, contemplating my life when *boom*, epiphany  so, i just want to thank everybody that i've ever met for existing  all the nasty, kind, rude and nice people - you are all perfect  don't regret anything  thank you for helping me out of the gaping abyss of naivety and mediocrity   laugh dddddddddddd"
omg guys m3ry christmas!!1!1!! omg hope <propfemale> cam3!!1!1 lol
just watched 1408 lol 
we should pretend to be happy  always   laugh 
"i find that we know much of what we see, not all maybe pie we eat"
"o sombrero, sombrero, wherefore <propmale> thou sombrero? ddfjsnvncxnnxcdscd"
happeh chinese new year guise
"well, in my puny efforts to try and fit in   eh, like this status and i'll tell you what i ""like"" about you!  laugh  i probably won't lie!"
here kittykittykitty    *squish* woops  ^-^
ooooh tumblr   ?
tomorrow is a mini-exam and i haven't studied yet   laugh 
omg school is over!! yaaaay!!  laugh dddd
"umm    so who shouted ""<propfemale>"" to me outside the <propfemale> <propmale>?"
"omg, i just got my school report  imma open it now  dx"
"omg christchurch, hope everyone's story has a happy ending   sad "
i'm trying to draw myself  it's friken hard   annoyed 
i tried dr  pepper for the first time today  i threw up 
"okay, so i'm sitting on the grass in the <propfemale> garden  thenallofasuddenthecloudsturngreyandthesundisappearsandraindropsasthickaspencilsdigintomeandi'msoakedthroughbeforeicangetintothehouse  of course, it stops in 5 minutes  o o"
"no, i'm not changing my profile layout "
aaargh my profile layout changed by itself! d:
"i just new glasses  everything is    floating  o oshrooooooooooooooms"
i've got all these church hymns stuck in my head and i keep humming them subconsciously    aargh what's wrong with me?!
"woah, i've had some really disturbing dreams lately    i mean, they're nice, but i'd rather not have them    o o"
"my parents blocked my facebook and then i found a way to unblock it and i unblocked it again bahahhahahahahhahha "
"well, today's probably the last time i can come on facebook for a while    i heard that it's banned in <propfemale>  d:"
"in <propfirst> kong at the airport    the mouse is reaaally weird    it's some sort of strange high-tech logitech mouse  o othere are tons of shops at the airport    it's like a mall i've taken lotsa photos  tried to take photos of the toilet but somebody came in and stared at me weirdly so   yah well, this time it's bye for real  heading for wuhan soon and then no facebook  one month  omg  d:"
