i have a facebook now  im moving up in the world!!! woo hoo!!
i love finding old friends!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> cat <propfemale> cat <propfemale> cat tree
i love love   smile 
ima be 18 in two weeks!!!!!!!!! i caint wait!! hell yea bitches ima be legal!!!!!!!
is it wrong to keep something from an old relationship when you are in a serious long term relationship? even if you dont like that person anymore? what if someone you know does that? how do you know that they dont like that person anymore? what if they do? what if they still love them just a little bit? should that be confronted? give me some feedback  comment please!!
may say something brilliant at any moment  wait for it    wait for it    ah nope i got nothin'
"i just scored 1,022,000 on wonderhill <propfemale> mahjong!! hell yeah!"
my day has been good  im tired and my head still hurts but its been pretty good 
i just love getting my own little piece of happiness!!!
"three years ago today was the last time i saw my dad  he left me and my mom and didnt come back  its been three years and im still alive and doing fine without him  just goes to show that even though it still makes me sad and depressed sometimes and i still miss him, i can survive without him  even though i never thought i would"
went camping this weekend  it was great met some new people and made some new friends  loved it  had fun  and gotsta thank my mans cousin for taking us along 
18 in 9 days!!!! hell yea!!!!!!!
trust is important  we all know that  but so is letting go right? i got a friend who has some worries  is it wrong for her to worry? even though she trusts the one she loves? tell me what you think i should tell her
ok finally going to bed  stayed up and made pancakes and now i am soooo sleepy so i am going to go to bed g'nite facebook! this chickys goin to bed?
always remember that it doesnt matter what a parent does to make you hate them  they are your parents  you do love them whether you want to admit it or not  tell them that or one day they might not be there when you want to talk it out 
i woke up at 12 yesterday afternoon and didnt go to sleep until 11 this morining  i slept til 8 30 tonight  i should stop trying to stay up wi<propmale> <propmale> when he wont go to bed 
im 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am finally 18 now people!!!! hell yeah!!!!
"the smile on your face lets me now that you need me, there's a truth in your eyes sayin u'll never leave me, the touch of ur hands says you'll catch me when ever i fall you say it best when you say nothing at all"
well i got a new job today and worked for about 8 hours  my back hurt and my feet hurt cus i was standing on my feet for about the whole time but its pretty great  its awesome because i have the sweetest man in the world to come home to every night  got a massage and a foot rub  he spoils me so much  night facebook!!!
so everyone should have a great day and should spend time with the ones you love  no time like the present  (or as soon as they get off work)  laugh 
uh oh   just saw the little devil from my left shoulder drop kick the little angel off my right shoulder a minute ago   this can't be good 
to the man i love i would like to say gv-ge-yu-hi  ?
blessed be my friends
"""it's couples week!"" copy & paste this with the date you got together: started dating: november 7, 2009?"
went 2 get smokes nd didnt get carded aint tht sum fukd up shyt
cant wait til the day i can change my last name on here! i love you baby forever and ever! cant wait to marry you!!
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family!!! sorry if i can't be with you but know that you are on my mind and in my heart  <propfemale> christmas!!
getting so tired of not being able to have a good day without getting pissed at some point  soooo tired of it
i am such a spoiled girl now  my man does so much for me and buys me stuff all the time when he can  he spoils me rotten   laugh  but im not complaining   wink 
"thinks    if u think i'm cute when i'm angry well i'm about to get adorable   17 seconds ago via status shuffle · like · comment · choose a funny status"
got a job interview today  got up at ten after 7 after actually sleeping last night  gotta take a shower and then gonna make my wonderful man breakfast and wake him up with a great breakfast in bed  eggs turkey bacon toast orange cinnamon rolls and sweet tea  cant wait to wake him up and see his gorgeous brown eyes and a smile!!!
people need to make sure that they get their facts straight  sometimes people accuse others of doing things someone else did  remember that can hurt someone  please always check your facts before making an accusation 
got my camera working and my sd card working again so lots of new pics are on the way
is confused; as feelings she thought were gone have all came flooding back 
woot! woot! got the money  im gonna go buy a pack of smokes for the first time ever!!!! and i get to do it legally  being 18 rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"- i'm e playful ecting again!! i know, i know it's pretty crazy isn't it? i really don't want to believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here, because it will be obvious soon enough, but thought i needed to make it official  i mean who would have guessed again!! so now you know, it's official  we are e playful ecting *fridged weather* again tonight and tomorrow!! **re-post if you have any sense of humor !!**"
feeling better but still not great but better
"thereare manycomplaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow the report showsthat the reason is that facebook has a number of non-activemembers  wewant to send this message to see whether you're active members or not if you don't post this message within 2 weeks you'll be         removed in order to get more space  post on your wall that youare stillactive, and that you do not want to be removed"
now everyone can stop asking for pictures of me and my man  smile  new pictures showing off the cutest boyfriend ever  smile  and me  laugh 
hmmmm       no one is reading and commenting on my statuses  hmmmm    sad face  sad 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now
mmmmmm foooood
  has coffee and the best man in the world   the day couldn't get any better  smile 
wake up on the wrong side of the bed? ha that is sooo an understatement
"doesn't make much sense, does it?? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't have the guts to!!!"
"woke up this morning with air in her lungs, a beat in her heart, and her best friend in the whole world laying next to her  life is as it should be "
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? hope for a cure, and support the relay for life!"
"november is diabetes awareness month, then they have thanksgiving?"
"<propfemale> meet, <propfemale> part, and <propfemale> meet again "
i wish my sex adorable cute funny sarcastic tantalizing amazing boyfriend would wake up and come in here  im bored all by my lonesome   sad 
"just so everyone knows wicca is not devil worship  it is an earth based religion that is individualistic  it is different for every wiccan  we worship the god and goddess who are seperate beings and one being  it is not evil  do not judge based on religion  thank you very much  blessed be my friends may the goddess watch over and protect you  <propfemale> meet, <propfemale> part, and <propfemale> meet again "
"don't you hate it when the voices in your head argue with your imaginary friends? they fighting and that penguin in the corner is looking at me funny, again!!"
i feel yucky and sick    sad   sad 
"wish i could sleep, can't sleep, want to sleep, but my mind will not allow the sleep"
i am so tired of not sleeping right!!!! for the past week im lucky if i sleep longer than four hours at a time  this is getting ridiculous! i just wanna sleep without waking up  is that too much to ask?
my dad split two and a half years ago so i say fuck fathers day  worst day of the year
its official  i hate video games  i see them just about every waking moment  i hate them and i wish they were not invented  thank you whoever did invent them for giving guys a reason to get pissed off irritated and distracted  now they dont have to pay attention  even on important days  and that is what they wake up doing and do until they fall asleep  i hate video games!!!!!!!!!!
"is annoying you with my status updates for one reason and one reason only, cuz i'm bored and its entertaining me  smile "
ok maybe she shouldnt worry and just trust  maybe he didnt keep anything on purpose  but if hes had it a long time and put it up when he got it then he probably forgot  so heres the thing  stop worrying  trust each other and things will be fine  if you have doubts talk  but listen to what is being said 
ok so i just started this whole blog thing on myspace  ive never done it before though so im not any good at blogging but ill get better  if you have a myspace then you should check it out  give me your opinion 
   is no longer feeling like the energizer <propfemale>  the cymbals stopped clanging hours ago 
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday   i want to say thank you  and may you all have a happy un-birthday!!! < laugh  thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!!!!
aight gettin tired of not havin smokes  grrrrrr  i need some fuckin nicotine!!! and usually im not even the one that gets hit with nicotine fiend mode  this sucks
in less than 24 hours i will be 18  be afraid  be very afraid  wink 
more pictures coming soon!!
i dyed my hair red  its not uber redb i like it  <propmale> woke up to a red headed girlfriend  it was sweet 
"if you love me, put a heart ?  if you're myfriend, put a smiley face  smile   if you gotta a crush on me, put a wink face  wink   if your upset with me, put a sad face  sad   copy this in your status & see how people feel about you"
does have a serious side you know   i keep it out there on the back porch in a cage and feed it crackers 
"live simply, care deeply, love generously  if we all did so then the world would be a much better place  at least, i believe so "
"pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  (i grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone)  now, let's see how many <propfemale>ns will repost and not care about offending anyone"
ok so my good day has gotten better  been spending the last couple of hours with <propfirst>  he got off work at 4  i miss him while hes at work but i love it when he comes home  makes me ten thousand times happy  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  !!!!!
our dog is finally having her puppies  so far there are four of them  black lab and it looks like they are mixed with rottweiler   they are very cute
"to all of you who say that you wish you mom (or dad) would just leave you alone  dont say that  <propfemale> your relationship with them  if its bad, fix it  because you dont understand how hard it is and how much it hurts when they arent there anymore  <propfemale> your parents"
i put up new pictures!!! everyone look!?
to all my cass job corps friends  i hope you know that i miss you all greatly  as much as i complained about the center and rules and what not i still loved my home away from home  staff too  i miss you too  and as far as dorms go    alamo bay one!!
13 yrold boy shot himself in the head after years of bullying & torment for being gay <propmale> walsh 13 <propmale> himself from a backyard tree <propfirst> clementi 18  freshman from rutgers jumped from the gw bridge after his roommate broadcast a video of <propfirst> with another guy today i stand up toall those bullies in their honour if you care to stand up with me please post this as your status for just one hour?
i love cabbage soup!!!!!!!?
so tired of not having a job  wish i could get out of the house and work! i need cash! this fucking sucks!!!!?
"asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it"
ive got sunshine on a cloudy day  when its cold outside ive got the month of may  i guess youd say what could make me feel this way?
my baby is the best  caint no one beat him  he is as perfect as i could want any man to be  i love you <propfirst>!?
"my heart is falling to pieces, my soul shatters, and you dont care, you dont even know cus your so many <propmale> away  i miss you but i cant even talk to you  i want you but i dont know if i could bear to see you  i love you with everything i have and then some  you are my mom how could i not? but why cant you see the pain you've caused me?l?"
"good night facebook i love you all, my friends and my family be you blood or not your still my family  may you all have sweet dreams and wake up feeling that all is good and right with the world  and may you be so blessed as to be able to go about your day with a smile on your face and a song on your lips  laugh ?"
i put my phone in airplane mode  worst transformer ever!!!!!!!!!?
missin my hometown russellville rocks love all my friends and family! lots of hugs and love!?
underpants! underpants! underpants dance!?
i am so happy we had a good christmas with the family  we had so much food i think we all ate til we hurt  got lots of <propfemale> and a new mp3 player among other things  its great exactly what i been wantin it was my christmas surprise  i love all my presents  laugh   laugh   laugh   love 
i hope everyone has a good thanksgiving and gets to spend it with their families  remember  family is not just the people you grew up with or who share your dna  family is the people who accept you as you are and are happy to call you one of their own  thats family just as much as those from the same genetics pool  if not more  so hug your family and have a great holiday!?
woo hoo!!! go packers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok folks just so you know i do not play country life anymore!
"hey if any of yall cass job corp ppl know how to get in touch with <propfirst> <propmale>, bumpers, brick  let me know  real good friend of mine last i heard was on graduation in '10 "
greeen bay won the super bowl!!!! all you haters kiss the packers' ass!!!!
love my new job! this is great  just the right job for me! i love it!!!
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! i grew up reciting this every morning in school with my hand on my heart  we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
what to do what to do? im at work so i should do something    *looks around* dang aint nothin to do  hmmm hello facebook  lolz
sittin here wishin my man was online so we could chat  i am so bored
thinking of stalking my stalker just to shake things up a bit
quick everyone hide in your emergency shelters! the end of the world is here!!! i have run out of coffee!!!
when i cry i want you to wipe away the tears  when i smile i want you to smile with me  and when i fight i want to be fighting for you  not with you   heart-broken   sorry
"""but you don't look sick "" it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside  please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness such as ms, rsd,lupus, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue, diabetes, crohns, pcos, ra, osteoarthritis, migraines, mcs, kidney disease, epilepsy, polymyositis, depression, bipolar, etc"
life sucks and then you die
ok after trying to upload music onto my mp3 player for about an hour i finally got it to work  and i learned something new  my mp3 has a built in speaker  i dont even need headphones  ive had it for like 3 months and never knew that!
sometimes you cant help but remember the people you should forget  and smile at the times you shouldnt hold as close  but it still brings a smile to your face when it really shouldnt
"angel from heaven, demon from hell, what i do, i do well!"
"ok everyone listen up  if you click on one of those links thats just bullshit and auto posts stuff in your chat and on your wall you can stop it  click ""account"" and ""privacy settings""  it will say ""apps and websites"" in the lower left  click ""edit your settings""  and then by ""apps you use"" click ""edit settings""  then just go and remove all the apps and game you want to get rid of "
i dont wanna go to work!! i wanna stay in bed and sleep for 2 days  can i call in sleepy? oh wait im already here  damn it!!
ya know sometimes i just wanna go back to being 12  when i didnt have to worry about anything except getting the latest cd or whos birthday party was coming up  being a grown up sucks!
i love my fiance!!!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
i'm going on a date with <propfirst>  going to <propfemale> garden and to watch the green hornet  yay!
ok all set for a twelve hour shift  kinda want a nap though  sad 
theres always someone somewhere who loves you  and its probably who you least e playful ect  so smile  theres someone falling in love with it
feelin kinda lonely  sad 
"when i was a kid i didn't have a computer, nintendo ds, xbox, or wii   i had a bike and some marbles (the kind you play with), that was it  if i didn't eat what my moma made, i didn't eat  and i dealt with it  i didn't think of telling my parents ""no"" or dare to talk back and i got in big trouble if i did  life wasn't hard, it was life      and i survived  repost if you appreciate the way you were raised "
ok fell asleep up at work like ive done before (its always dead by 3 am) and never heard the phone ringing when the family tried to get ahold of me  why??? because someone turned the ringer off!! i didnt even know you could do that!
there is a song called unanswered prayers  today made me realize that god takes his time answering prayers  but that doesnt mean he didnt hear them or is ignoring them  he knows just the right time to answer them  today was a miracle 
