is so happy it is raining!
is loving the fact that she doesn't belong to a school this summer
"ok my number today was 123, i have 23 notifications and 233 live feed things  really! leave me alone!"
dropped of her grad dress
heading off to killbear than the family reunion!!
is really pissed off
any man who thinks they can describe love clearly knows nothing about it 
woke up at 12 smile 0 this morning   playful 
"just got back from ""the proposal"" which is hilarious!"
never call on evil spirits with a ouiji board  they are very uncooperative
sometimes assumes she has more freedom then she actually does
needs <propfemale> to get off the phoe so she can call her!
back from camping and currently at her grandmas
with wifey
loves her hair now!
saw g i <propfirst> last night!!
so it turns out the race is on sunday   
<propfirst> was here!!!
just got back from pot fest!! hangin with <propfemale> the love of my life  love 
"watch the beauty of all our lies passing right before my eyes  i hear the hate in all your words  all the wars to make us hurt  we get so sick of so sick, we never wanted all this  medication for the kids with no reason to live"
is back from the cottage!
finished in the middle!  playful 
how big do you think an owl would have to be to <propfemale> a cat away?  annoyed 
fearfest time! laugh 
how is it that whenever i get mad at you you turn it around so i feel like crap?
i'm sorry for somethings but not all
leaps are my new favorite thing to do  laugh  so much fun!
"lol best night  ""no, this is how we solve our conflicts""  playful "
is toasty warm  laugh 
me+ my brother+trampoline= disaster waiting to happen
handing out those <propfemale> grams tommorow   
legs are like jello nuked in the microwave  (srry <propfemale>'s sister  playful )
who else can hurt themselves putting stickers on merchandise??
"so bored, have like nothing to do"
finished my lion  rawr!
can't feel her legs
"don't talk and text unless you are e playful erienced, or you will get hurt   wink "
"so, a man walks into a bar with a monkey  i forgot the rest of the joke but your mom is a whore   wink "
had so much fun  playful 
doesn't understand her stupid math homework > sad 
is so tired of this > sad 
listening to bohemian rhapsody  laugh 
? ???????•- best discovery i have made out of bordem!
goin to the library tomorrow   havent been since i was lik 9  playful 
my glowstick just oozed on me!  annoyed  sux
"i hate the world today  you're so good to me, i know   but i can't change  tried to tell you, but you look at me like maybe i'm an angel underneath  innocent and sweet   love  <propfemale> <propmale>"
listening to average man  love 
"loves how no matter where you go everybody knows the lyrics to ""colt 45""  playful "
lol best school day    playful 
listening to bohemian rhapsody  laugh 
worst day of my life
ive never kissed a sweeter mouth  ive never been swept away  its what dreams are made up of  dont you know i could not survive  without you in my life  i would die for you   love  love every song by her  love 
is sick on halloween  sad 
"i hate the world today  you're so good to me, i know  but i can't change  tried to tell you, but you look at me like maybe i'm an angel underneath  innocent and sweet  ? <propfemale> <propmale>"
"<propfemale>'s turn, short but to the point and 100% true-<propfemale> ""<propfirst> is easy to tackle!its cuz he suffers from manorexia  playful "" <propfemale> may smith  love  luv ya like only a canadian could  playful "
"""i've spun an elaborate web out of my life in the hopes of catching an occasional glimpse of you and your friend in the hallway ""- <propfirst>  love  you are my idol"
"yorkie, it's not for girls"
i's tired of looking for reasons when there aren't any left to be found
was technically only at 1 1 2 classes today
" love  inside my head your voice is still resounding, but what can i do? empty rooms feel cold when i'm so used to being with you   love "
let's get wrecked on poptarts and sex and see the taj-mahal   love   wink 
"what if it was you? you that i needed all along  i felt like a fool, kicking and screaming and pretending we were wrong   love  motion city soundtrack"
"cheer up and dry your damp eyes, and tell me when it rains and i'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins cause your heart has a lack of color and we should have known that we'd grow up sooner or later cause we wasted all our free time alone   love  owl city"
"perfect examples of how opposites don't attract, they just ruin eachothers lives"
lol best parade night ever  playful 
needs her glue sticks  playful 
just got a nosebleed getting out of the shower  i got dressed one-handed though so its all good (y) > sad 
"last night i fell in love without you  i waved goodbye to that heart of mine, beating solo on your lawn"
"the only verdict is vengence; a vendetta, held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous  verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that it is my very good honor to meet you and you may call me v "
"i can figure out the point of anything  just not as quick as i can mess up my life  with all my dreams hooked to hospital machines, i think, ""lets try redefining beautiful """
" love  if you cut me i suppose i would bleed, the colours of the evening stars  you can go wherever you wish, cause i'll be there, wherever you are   love "
+ alexa-backpack <propmale> yellowpants + hot french guys having a pushup competition + completley hammered guy in the girls washroom= almost perfect night  love   playful 
"i can figure out the point of anything just not as quick as i can mess up my life  with all my dreams hooked to hospital machines, i think, ""lets try redefining beautiful """
"umm wow, thnx   ?"
"my brother got his g1  playful  hes driving like a grandma down the road  smile  but a grandma who has their license, don't worry  wink "
"so one day he found her crying, coiled up on the dirty ground  her <propmale> finally came to save her, and the rest you can figure out   but it was a trick, and the clock struck 12   love "
has to find another jacket for tonight because two douchebags stole her other one > sad 
tries to follow her heart but her head just won't shut up for long enough  playful 
"i thought i saw a sign, somewhere between the lines but maybe it's me, maybe i only see what i want i still have your letter, just got caught between someone i just invented, who i really am and who i've become   love "
"if your heart wears thin i will hold you up, and i will hide you when it gets too much  i'll be right beside you, i'll be right beside you  i will stay, nobody will break you  trust in me, trust in me, don't pull away   love  beside you- marianas trench"
take that flute! damn straight finally made a sound  smile  my life is complete
"got her hair done, its not gross looking anymore  smile  listening to oldies night on the radio  laugh "
"if you want to play it like a game well, come on, come on, let's play  cause i'd rather waste my life pretending than have to forget you for one whole minute "
"the longer i hide behind these lies,the more i disintegrate  so much to say, but no words to convey; the loneliness building with each passing day  but i never get used to it, you just have to live with it "
"may be going to see ""where the wild things are   ?"""
"can you take me back to the person i used to be, back when you were there for me  i know it seems like forever but do me a favor please, way back when we were stupid, held grudges just to help us sleep  oh my god, how ridiculous were we?"
how could it have gotten this bad between us   
"the longer i hide behind these lies,the more i disintegrate  so much to say, but no words to convey; the loneliness building with each passing day  but i never get used to it, you just have to live with it "
"it seems like everyday i end up doing something wrong  so fine, i give up  everything will probably work out better without me anyways "
"i don't mean to run  but every time you come around i feel more love than ever  and i guess it's too much, maybe we're too young and i don't even know what's real  but i know i never wanted anything so bad  i've never wanted anyone so bad "
"i don't mean to run  but every time you come around i feel more love than ever  and i guess it's too much, maybe we're too young and i don't even know what's real  but i know i never wanted anything so bad  i've never wanted anyone so bad "
<propfemale> non est vivere sed valere <propfemale> est  love 
blueberry  love 
"""i feel like i stalk you """"it's called being best friends"" -<propfemale> murphy, aka-<propfemale>adra cirpci  smile "
"""hey did you see the burning of <propfirst> trump last night?"" <propfemale> murphy"
"<comes at me for the slasher  hits nose and eye>""owww my faaace!""""omg stop being so dramatic"" -<propfemale> murphy"
"""im good at being the rapist!"" -<propfemale> murphy"
why don't you just eat a baby? -<propfemale> murphy
"for the first time in a long time i can say that i want to try,to get better and overcome each momentin my own way i'm not saying that i'm giving up i'm just trying not to think as much as i used to,cause never is a lonely little messed up word   love "
""" i love going first  first is the worst  oh wait no fuck!"" -<propfemale> murphy"
blueberry  love 
"theres no turning back now, so take your best shot; its all that you've got  wouldnt quit with the pressure, you know im never gonna be defeated   this is a test a wake up call, and a mission to tall  shock to the heart blow to the head  you said, you said: that this is just the beginning of the end, but i swear, i swear ill never let you get to me again  so just walk away now  ?"
"you ever love somebody so much, you could barely breathe when you're with them? you meet, and neither one of you even know what hit them got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah, them chills, used to get 'em now you gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em "
fear fest tonight avec <propfemale> ogilvie-robinson et <propfemale> patterson  smile  gonna be a funn nightt  wink   love 
"so   with the same amount of money we spent on the g-20 summit for security and useless things, we could have had it on the space station   3 times  o o fail? i think so "
thank you kalen holst you make my day  wink 
got a puppy!  smile   love 
watching a wiener dog run is the best thing ever  smile 
"taking everything for granted but we still respect the time  we move along with some new passion knowing everything is fine, and i would wait and watch the hours fall in a hundred separate lines; but i regain repose and wonder how i ended up inside  love "
"homecoming, homecoming, homecoming, homecoming  love "
paranormal activity 2? uhm   hell yes!
montana wheeler is gorgeus and i love her long eye lashes  smile 
"would you mind if i pretended i was someone else, with courage in love and war? i use to think that's what i was, but now this lying hurts to much, and i don't know what for   love "
loves self defense classes  love   smile 
 love  football  love 
obviously i should have known that an interviewer would ask me if i'm italian  joyful 
mines blue  smile 
ran full force into a subway entrance  it lost   smile 
i can't do this anymore  i can't pretend that i'm fine with it when all it does is hurt me and i can't live in a lie  sorry 
of course i come in to save the day at the last minute with a shotgun  thats just my style  wink 
"i will not make the same mistakes that you did  i will not let myself cause my heart so much misery  i will not break the way you did, you fell so hard, i've learned the hard way to never let it get that far  love "
nosebleeds may you please leave me alone? that would be greeeeat
fails at starting blocks (y)
we had a zombie awarness evacutation at school today   scary stuff  smile 
"there's still time to turn this aroundshould we be building this upinstead of tearing it downbut i keep thinkingmaybe it's too late "
at classics conference  smile  finally finished failing all my academic events  tommorow i get to fail in athletic  smile  (y)
proudly repping <propfemale>'s sticker  smile  litterally made my day  playful 
placed in hurdles!  smile 
"i'm so emo, i cry tears of blood - -  definatley going to the docotrs sooner than later  sad "
it's just a hop to the left   
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys  smile  lol and the embaressing songs in class   made my day  playful 
im a loooooser! derga derga  wink 
am regaining feeling back in my arms  smile 
apparently i need to get blood work done -_-
"open mic night tommorow with montana wheeler, <propfemale> simms, and <propfemale> poitras  smile   love "
back from groundswell with <propfemale> simms and montana wheeler  nice adventures walking down the street  wink 
i love montana wheeler and our wednesday weight room water fountain routine  smile   love 
"so raise your glass if you are wrong,in all the right ways"
"i hate the world today  you’re so good to me, i know but i can't change  tried to tell you but you look at me like maybe i’m an angel underneath,inoccent and sweet   love "
- i  love  <propmale> weasley
wtf i want to feel an earthquake  sad 
oh vanilla coke  i missed you :')
leaving for a week  camping than dancing in ottawa  love 
no more beach tommorow  sad 
"maybe i know, somewheredeep in my soulthat love never lastsand we've got to find other waysto make it alone"
of course we pick the campsite next to the pot heads  what else is new?  smile 
camping  love 
"this thing is breaking down, we almost never speak i don't feel welcome anymorebaby, what happened? please tell me'cause one second it was perfectnow you're halfway out the door "
has a cigarette looking burn on her back  no idea how i got it  playful 
back from sauble with montana wheeler  smile  awesome day
"he can't see the smile i'm fakingand my heart's not breakingcause i'm not feeling anything at all "
conor cicci has finally gotten his morphsuit  playful  oh dear god  surprise 
"has had my picture taken multiple times today by a bunch of random tourists, lol i love ottawa  smile "
happy new year!!!!!! hanging with <propfemale> simms and <propfemale> poitras  smile  awesome start to the new decade!  laugh 
lesbian vampire killers  love 
sleepover avec <propfemale> backpack <propmale> yellowpants tonightt  love 
"""miss are you taking my picture?""""hmm? oh yes i'm showing my daughter ""poor guy at cosco  being stalked by costumers  smile "
just an ordinary day of mopping my walls
i think that it is safe to say  my cat is obese
has anybody actually even used the stupid friend finder?
"cardboard, masks of all the people i've beenthrown out with all the rusted, tangled, dented, god damn miseries "
trick or treating is more fun the older you get  wink 
internet is working again!  smile 
"i am a big fat looser, i like doing homework on the table too!  wink "
"you’ll always be my hero, even though you lost your mind "
has finally joined the large group of people who own a cellphone  wink 
"next semester: math, science, civics and careers, gym  anybody??  playful "
just sitting here with  kalen holst
is currently typing from her new lap top  smile  love you <propfirst> cicci  love 
"shopping at upper canada with my sister, montana cicci wheeler  love "
<propfemale>  love 
"""okay so <propfirst>'s kids sit over here and <propfirst>'s boys sit over here""   right so i'll just sit on the floor i suppose, seeing as i don't exist in either family anymore > sad "
