just joined facebook    
nothing like the weather matching ur mood    
"had d most boring sunday ever   except for watching disney's ""bolt"""
bangalore weather n my mood swings    utterly unpredictable   so beware  annoyed 
wats d weirdest dream u had n remember??
"wise men never marry   and <propfemale> they do, they become otherwise  playful "
danger: internal assessment ahead  sad 
"there are no stupid questions, just stupid people "
"party hardenjoydrive like crazygo on dates1day you will dieoreat healthystay fitstudy hardbe obedient1 day you will diechoice is yours  wink "
warning: dates in calendar are closer than they appear 
"""what did one ghost say to another?"" ""do you believe in people?"""
"watched ""butterfly effect"" n was blown away by its fluttering!! simply superb!! highly recommended!!  smile "
just saw <propmale> potter n d deathly hallows n is completely in awe of it!! d movie's spectacular n thankfully true to the book!! must watch for potter fans  smile   smile 
i (literally) hate luv storys     
never tickle the sleeping dragon         
i think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers  laugh 
<propfemale> wid family is love    <propfemale> wid others is respect    <propfemale> wid self is confidence    so be patient  smile 
may god bless us all on dis republic day n simplify our outrageously complicated life  
"well if u guys want to watch a movie which is intelligent for a change n makes u really think, inception is ur best bet  dis taut extravaganza keeps u on the edge of ur seat throughout(litarally   n sometimes u'r just abt to fall off!!) and the ending is so shocking dat it'll make ur hair raise n eyes widen wid terrible realization (not to forget a gasp!!) mind u dis movie has a mind of its own! highly recommended!"
an optimist laughs to forget  a pessimist forgets to laugh   
"is going on a study tour to mumbai, pune n goa(finally  playful )!! n will miss bangalore    "
tron legacy: a must see!! (hey it rhymed!!  laugh   playful )
"""be who u r n say wat u feel coz those who mind dont matter n those who matter dont mind"" dr  seuss"
artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  playful 
i'm still recovering from the trauma caused by a nasty cockroach which had the audacity to touch me!!!!
"dying to watch ""inception""           "
is going out of town on a much needed holiday    will be back after 2 days  smile 
"says   if at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried  laugh "
"<propfemale> tea   it has a mind of its own! how well it can lift ur spirits i tell u!!  surprise  seriously, best thing in d world!  smile )"
"read dis somewhere ""guy: if i could see you naked, i'd die happy  gal: if i see you naked, i'd probably die laughing!!"""
"without humor, life sux  without courage, life is hard  without love, life is hopeless  without friends, life is impossible! so all u guys    wish u happy frnshp day!! have a great year ahead!!"
"when you’re right, no one remembers  when you’re wrong, no one forgets "
says be careful about reading health books  you may die of a misprint
it has been said dat something as small as the flutter of a butterfly's wing can cause a typhoon halfway around the world   
i don't laugh because i'm happy -- i'm happy because i laugh    
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do  [like] this status if you think am a good friend [message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me   i wont tell anyone[comment] on this if we have had good memories   now let's see who's brave enough to copy this and put on their status! i was brave enough!!!! are you??"
"""two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and i'm not sure about the universe"" <propfirst> einstein"
well-timed silence has more eloquence than speech  
do not argue with an idiot  he will drag you down to his level and beat you with e playful erience!  laugh 
always remember you're unique - just like everyone else  playful 
anyone watched <propmale> potter or guzarish yet????
"<propfemale> u look at newborns n kids u may think ""aww   sooo cuuuute"" but i think ""these devils deserve all d exams dat come their way as they grow older!!""  laugh   playful  ] laugh "
"a hell of a crazy day it has been   watched ""unstoppable"" in inox n reached college at just in time for d class   but realized dat my assignment was incomplete! so bunked by setting up camp in the library   finally finished n submitted, again just in time for the finance class   only to be hit by d horrible fact dat sairam sir wont let us off until 6pm!! all dis without an ounce of food in my stomach since morning  "
!@#$%^& wink (
"the early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese   wink "
"finally watched ""wall-e"""
everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die 
happy eid n ganesh chaturti everyone  smile 
"burped, coughed and sneezed   all at the same time!  laugh "
wats the most contagious thing?? a smile     smile 
had the most wonderful day!! unforgettable time spent wid frnds   but dreading tomoro  sad 
"i have a new philosophy  i'm only going to dread one day at a time, considering how fast my exams r approaching!"
"read somewhere ""never go to a doctor whose office plants have died"""
"to all my frnds who r committed: happy valentines day in advance n to ones who r single, happy independence day in advance!!  playful   laugh "
has fallen in love wid his new laptop!  smile 
god must love stupid people  he made so many 
"after securing a silver n a bronze on day one, <propfemale> hopes to bag more   good chances ahead    so lets wish <propfemale> good luck n all d best!!  smile   smile "
"read somewhere ""if ignorance is bliss then i must be orgasmic!!!"" n agrees wid it  laugh "
hey ppl!! wat r u thinking rite now???
"thinks, some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them "
oh god!!! the inauguration of the cwg was spectacular!!! i wont be surprised if the closing ceremony will be as wonderful!!! all d best to all the sportsmen!!! go <propfemale>!!!  smile   smile 
"""e playful erience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted """
wishing everyone a colorful navaratri  smile  may the goddess root out all negative energy and bless us wid multiplying happiness n prosperity  smile   smile  enjoi  wink 
knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad 
light travels faster then sound    which is why most people appear brilliant until you hear them        laugh   laugh 
gaaawd!!! college is booooring!!!  sad 
god and love are the two greatest illusions of life 
ah    its soooooo wonderful to be back home!! college trip was no different from a crazy  roller coaster ride!!  laugh  enjoyed like never b4  wink 
have u ever missed someone who u hate thoroughly???
"just watched ""hachiko"" a wonderful movie abt a wonderful dog   a must watch for all dog lovers   if i ever get a dog i'll call him hachi  "
"oh lord, give me <propfemale>, give it to me now!!!"
finally watched guzaarish n loved it!! if it werent a movie it wud be a ballad well written  
wats the most contagious thing?? ur smile     smile 
is back all fresh n charged up!! had an eventful n good time  
life was never so stagnant
"<propfemale> i was studying, mom called me   i dint respond   i was studying, deeply involved in the subject   she called again an again   i shouted ""let me study in peace, i want to study   i want to studyyy  "" then mom slapped me n said ""idiot! stop dreaming! wake up n start studying!!""  surprise   laugh "
exams <propfemale> bhoot phirse aagaya!! saala na jaane <propfemale>b hame chodega!! x(
terrifying exams looming ahead!!  surprise  dreading   dreading   dreading    sad   sad   sad 
"finally, <propfemale>'s done it!! securing 101 medals is no joke!! thnx to all d dedicated sportsmen wid their wonderful spirit of sportsmanship n quality performance     good closing ceremony minus kalmadi's speech n some parts of the music performance   "
"wishing everyone a very happy deepavali   say no to crackers, save earth   "
i dont suffer from insanity  i enjoy every minute of it!!!
god pours life into death and death into life without a drop being spilled 
hey friends !! see the new facebook revolving image feature at --->> http annoyed  imagerev tk 
"took brother to narnia 3 as a late birthday gift n ""super liked"" it!! amazing is d word   will rate 4 on 5!!  smile   smile   smile "
"if god is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining   playful "
we have enough gun control  what we need is idiot control 
all of us are god's creatures    just some are more creature than others 
"exaaaaams!! god only knows <propfemale> they finally stop!! they cause no end to frustration n tension!! mainly, they keep u away from facebook!!!  surprise "
127 hrs    cool stuff   watch it  smile )
its been 2 days  two days since my last visit to fb!!!  surprise  almost felt like ages!!!!!  surprise   surprise   laugh   laugh   playful 
"no matter how sick u r   u never leave a <propmale> to upload ur fb profile!! dats how much i ""like"" fb!!"
"hope 2010 was good for all of u, n wish 2011 will be better  smile  may all ur 365 days be filled wid joy, happiness, peace n prosperity   wish u all a terrific year ahead  smile  enjoy every minute to the fullest!! cheers \m   wink   smile ))"
"just watched d movie ""identity""   best murder mystery thriller after ""se7en""!!"
ah   feels good as each exam gets over   got some time b4 d next exam comes rushing!!
"i hate garuda inox, never stepping into dat god forsaken place!!! couldnt believe it <propfemale> they cancelled ""tangled""!!  surprise  awful lot!! such things leave me upset  sad ("
missing d person u love the most is d most painful thing man has never been able to beat    something no one can ever    no matter how emotionally calm n composed u r   u break down <propfemale> u think abt dat person  
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway     wink 
feels nice to make frnds almost on a daily basis    but wonders how many of them stay till d end  
another holiday gone    sad  dreadful classes resume  sad (((
"""thank u for d music   d songs i'm singing   thnx for all d joy they'r bringing   who can live without it, i ask in all honesty   wat wud life be, without a song or a dance   wat r we??"""
"the two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity   "
prepared carrot halwa for d first time  smile ) everyone liked it  smile )))) (thankfully)
never had so many mood swings in a single day!! n d day isnt over yet!!  surprise   annoyed   annoyed   laugh  :[ ]
had an awful day    dreading more such days to come   
exams over but still why do i feel something big n bad's coming my way???  sad ((
everything in a person's life is just a phase   be it happiness or sorrow  
insane people are always sure that they are fine  it is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy    
this dreadful phase never seems to end!!
i'm trying new flock -- check it out at www flock com
ignorance killed the cat  curiosity was framed!
"gravity is a myth, the earth sucks "
"i need to move on says my head i need to hold on says my heart  "
der's no such thing as a happy ending   everything has an anti climax   like a typical hollywood movie  
der was a time <propfemale> ppl used to call each other to be in touch   they next moved to sms's   now they *poke*  laugh 
i dont have time to hate ppl who hate me coz i'm too busy loving ppl who love me  smile ))
"when love is not madness, it is not love   "
consciousness: that annoying time between naps ] annoyed 
never wants to grow up!! especially after conducting an exhaustive research for 22 yrs on grown ups!
tax exam got postponed!! thnx to k'nataka bandh!! but dis means d damned exams wont get over soon  sad ((
"some people are wise, and some are otherwise "
d <propfemale>   my most favorite object in d sky   i dont kno if it looks any different from d usual but d orb sure is unusually bright tonight  smile 
life's so unpredictable   one moment u'r in a movie theater n next thing u kno u'r on a scary roller coaster ride!!
"life is like a roller coaster: when it's good you don't want to get off, and when it isn't, you can't wait to throw up!  surprise   laugh "
heck is where people go who don't believe in gosh  playful 
yay! we won! oz ought to kno who's d boss now!  laugh 
"some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield    (lifeu ishtene)"
"time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician  wink "
congrats everyone!! we won!! \m   laugh 
bamgalore's btm layout's gone mad wid shrieks n crackers!! 100s of ppl in d square   all jubilant wid <propfemale>'s victory  smile 
how many times do i have to flush before you go away???
going to coorg after more than a decade!! yay!!  smile  \m 
congrats <propfemale>!! god bless us all!!
"back to bangalore n feels best at home   after all, home is wer happiness n relief is!"
have a wonderful yugadi everyone  smile 
"if quitters never win, and winners never cheat, then who is the fool who said ""quit while you're ahead""?"
"man: i'd go through anything for you woman: good! let's start with your bank account "
the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it - <propfirst> wilde
