"facebook seems to be extremely glitchy today, apps are slow to load, and i've had to sign back in several times because it timed out my session      what a pain!!"
"i'm getting tired of these stupid facebook apps, can't even finish my horse stable in farmville! i'm done!! oh yeah, these too-- cafeworld, petville, fishville-- all boring! same crap, different pile! i'll do mafia wars awhile longer but i only have 2 in my mafia and i can't do any of the boss fights past the first one   have a nice day! ;p"
"so       how does the "" get your old f'b layout back"" work if you don't have a cell phone ?"
in 2010 you will have a <propmale> to get rid of the entire sitting congress  up to 1 3 of the senate and 100% of the house  the government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else  vote the incumbents out !
"i am looking for a ride to brians wake and back, anyone have room ? i live in tigard, but i can meet somewhere as long as its on the bus line "
happy easter !
"to brian: my friend, my brother, rest in peace <propmale> "
"excellent, very well spoken ! wow i got a response ! thank you kelin !"
"to everyone that went to the fghs 86 get together: this was the first time i have attended a reunion and i wasn't sure about going but i'm glad that i did! it was nice to see all of you and reconnect, i had a good time! hope to see you all next time!"
"a prayer for my friend <propfirst>:      dear jesus, divine physician and healer of the sick, we turn to you in this time of illness  o dearest comforter of the troubled, alleviate our worry and sorrow with your gentle love, and <propmale> us the grace and strength to accept this burden of cancer  dear god, we place our sick under your care and humbly ask that you restore <propfirst> to health again   in jesus' name, amen"
is going to see <propfirst> at ohsu 
"political correctness is a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical minority, and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulous mainstream media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a turd by the clean end "
happy thanksgiving to all !!
<propfemale> christmas everyone !!!!!!!!!!!
