its thursday and feels so gggrrreat to sleep in pass 7 smile 0pm 
i don't like being around super picky eaters when i'm super hungry    can't figure out a good restaurant and i'm going nuts!
at palmdale supporting a friend giving his first talk sermon  god be with him  smile 
had such an enlightening conversation with <propfirst> <propmale>  life's picture is opened up more and more each day  smile 
i got in uc berkeley!!!! aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!! omg! omg! omg! omg!!!
"<propfirst> <propfemale> jr  you got to bring the shirt with you to class one of these days, yeah???"
i'm getting an acupuncture today! i don't know if i should be curiously excited or dreadfully worried  annoyed 
man! <propmale> of the hill is just funny lol   
played poker with the guys     bro-mance is in the air!
brain-gone    just need to sleep more   
is it just me or is eeeevvvveeerrrryyyooonnneee going to las vegas except me??  ? annoyed 
"back to work       -_-then, last airbender tomorrow, hurray!!!!"
ugh    the burrito was too much  feels like i'm having birth pains  annoyed 
"today, someone gave me gummi bears that looked like they've been in someone's pocket for months and had some lint stuck to them and were all joined to a small black piece that looked like either a mushy ricolla <propfemale> or dark gummi bear x_x        safe to say that i didn't eat them   "
darn blazing heat! now i smell baked and toasty   
i really want to go to the himalayan mountains and breathe the calm chilly winds and feel eternal   
<propfemale> monice beach + dippin dots + funnel cakes + friends = one funtastic day!
man! i got charged a quarter for a cup of water 
i wish i can find a famima store everywhere i go  that place beats out any 7-11 anytime of the day 
"the last airbender was awright  i liked it  the special effects were wow eye-boggling! yeah, the movie didn't cast asian characters, but oh well!"
my favorite pop music was just sang by a mariachi band  it totally did not work  sad ((
"i had a good weekend: midnight karaoke with friends, jazz concert, 3rd place in bowling, bought a thundercats t-shirt, and yogo yogurt which is better than yogurt land! it wasn't bad   "
had a good friendly argumentative debate with a friend about whether he should hire someone to kill me or not  laugh  the crazy things that we come with!!!
i had a country morning feeling today  it felt really good  smile 
"i wish life was like a soap opera, simple and irrelevant with reality   "
just saw a really really good movie!!! so good i wont say the name just so i wont desecrate its greatness! you know what im talking about! see it to believe it!
systems malfunctioning  im so tired from today    i need to recharge full power tonight  but today was so much fun! no regrets!
resting my mind and body for the next two days ssshhhhhh!
barbecue sauce and eggs and rice is a holy combination of a breakfast p=
sprite mixed with melted hershey chocolate shots is muy tasty!!
i just became diabetic and overweight all thanks to a wonderful lasagna i just ate  it was worth every bite 
i'm going insane! can i really finish 100 pages of writing in two or three days? i think so  maybe 
"i ate 10 costco chucky chocolate chip cookies today  5 for lunch, 5 for dinner     i really need to replenish my fridge or else i'll be joining the legion of the american obesed "
i got a <propmale> to do <propfirst> <propmale> dances at a party!! only complaint: too many tamales there >=p
it was a miracle i drove with only an inch of gasoline today and survived to tell! my car is such a fighter!
"voy a empezar mi clase de espanol <propmale> manana  espero pasar <propfemale> bueno rato porque me  gusta mucho espanol  buenos noches, m<propfemale>do maravilloso!!!  smile "
i found buffalo milk in my fridge    i felt tempted to drink it 
"everyone! i found the holy grail  it is called the teriyaki burger of shoreline restaurant down long beach  i can still feel the sharp pains in my chest, because that's how delicious it was  laugh "
"i've e playful erienced the difference between rock band singing and karaoke singing  karaoke, i sound like a rock <propfemale>, but rock band, i sound like a mediocre american idol contestant that <propmale> cowell will slam in live t v        i'll stick to karaoke "
"someone pop the champagne! the finals are done and summmmeer is here  hello, san <propmale>!"
ugh! too much to do  too little time  let's pause the space time continuum and so i can breathe tomorrow!
"spanish, japanese, asl, latin, greek, russian- i will master at least four of these before the year is over  just wait and see!!!"
"ugh! i tried going on a raw food diet just for one week  2nd day, i ate a raw potato and i instantly ran for a chocolate cupcake, yuck  annoyed "
just ate a <propfemale> burger    it's interesting    i'd eat it again  and now heading to riverside!!!
i guess i won't be able to go to the smtown concert this saturday tt__tt
"my fortune cookie told me: ""you will have gold pieces by the bushels "" i have no idea what this means   "
japanese festival! yakisoba and tofu cheesecake! job well done   
"<propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> hurtado!i have to confess something to you, guys    i really like girl's generation, but i am so not diggin their last song, rundevilrun    catchy beat, awesome dance, it just doesn't feel like the girl's generation from the days of gee gee   sad ((("
"when my sister saw what i cooked, she said- what's that?!?!     can i add avocados?   lol"
"the moonlight hiking was fun  except for the fog and mist that pretty much covered the whole sky  then, again, at least, we found some adorable seals sleeping by the cliffs  but they smelled like a foul fish market! and i have a new nickname, little red riding hood  yes, it was an interesting friday night ^^"
"cold brown rice, cold hotdogs topped with refrigerated barbecue sauce    mmhhmmm yum  sad "
"?? ?? ???, ??? ? ?? ?? ???? ??? ?? ???? ! ? ??? !"
i finally found the keys to my bicycle lock!!! yaaayyy!!  laugh  time to ride the streets once again   
ending my week to little tokyo a 2nd time ^^
watched the killers and losers    they were pretty-good movies   
"<propfemale> marinez- ""uriel, you're the yellow ranger and i'm the pink ranger ""uriel- ""nah-uh  i'm the blue ranger  and the pink ranger never tells the blue ranger what to do """
"i think i lost a lot of brain cells this semester  ironic, since i would think studying more would mean the opposite  but no more all night studying! i had enough of that!"
"last weeks of summer    let's make this count, guys!!!  wink "
finished fixing my tires with a friend's help  call me mr  handy-man 
heading to las vegas through a vast of nowhere   
i'm back from vegas    and that place is hot!!! now i appreciate los <propfemale> much better   
volleyball!!!
"where do these loud bible shouters in the streets get their megaphones??? i want one, too  sad "
"the metro buses has some of the most funkiest people, personality wise, smell-wise "
"to kick start the weekend, i got food poisoning!  sad      i have my suspicion for that ramen served by that overly friendly woman or those mall samples left out in the open and the list goes on   "
drove through the rain during the night  it was such a pain  where did the road went??
the vmas looked so nice from afar when hiking up griffith   
"through memory lane: rugrats, rocko's modern life, ahh real monsters!, croc, darkwing duck- ""let's get dangerous!"" the good old days!"
sushi and yogurtland    bliss  smile 
this year was ending so well and my friend called me a filthy mess    thanks!  annoyed 
"a veces, deseo que pueda borrar las pronombres mientras escribo en ingles, como espanol   "
i just got netflix  dang! all these wasted years   
"finally, i started riding my bike again!"
"going to a super bowl party  not a big fan of football, but going for the buffalo wings and carne asada =q"
