feeling better
oops
feeling better
"can't find som1, why god, why?!?!?!!  d:"
bracing for monday
"w8, crap don't use that"
my school day was exhausting  and some1 carved stuff on  my locker!!!
"they have the marble drink thingy at meijer, its under a different name, but by the same people, they have 4 flavors, blueberry, green apple, original, and strawberry!"
feeling worse
'cept the always evil part
i agree
finding certain person is taking forever!
"*needs more people he actually knows on facebook to friend him, they know who they are *"
look out for the bleh bleh bleh!!!
"ow, poison <propfemale> on five joints"
"i fixed some flaws on my profile, two of them, if you know what they are good for you, if not, idk why in heck it was wrong there "
"i hate the newq layout, it is going to take forever to get familiar with this one"
"the day they outlaw metal, i'll be an outlaw"
d: (speechless on acount of sore throat)
happy nervious about weekend!!!
i just realized my class year was wrong   crud   i guess i had mayan calander on the brain
without someone and hating every single - venom filled - moment
"for some reason, finally at peace with the whole, ""alone"" thing, not sure if good or bad, mood = ?"
"has anyone else noticed how websites are now getting ""buttons"" (hyperlinls) to other websites like facebook myspace im-a-twit-er digg, its like the websites are ""socially networking"""
hyper with anticipation!!! aahhhh!!!  laugh 
"i find myself wanting to sing along to angry music, but im not angry 0 0"
yeah avenged sevenfold songs!
"made a giant snowman, a d d  moment, and some ice shaving later, ice <propfemale> 4 feet tall!"
"i hate the add for, look buy our ""tactful omission"" ! adds, or the really inappropriate quiz adds"
any1 elsei should know cannot attend?
happy weekend peoplez!!!!
"had my teeth cleaned today, feels weird"
"i am scared i have strep, i wouls say  ""aaaaahhhhh!!!!"" but it sounds like ""bleeeh"""
"btw, facets are three, sided, with four hexagonal ecxeptions, its snow, so ok?"
meh 
"if i'm not sick tommorow, i'll eat my hat (good thing i don't have a hat)  playful "
i love playlist com when it works!
"curse you, writer's block!!!!"
writer's block
"having writer's block while writing a paper for school, crap!"
is it because im a freak? you don't have to answer 
 sad 
"must study for president's quiz, if it drives me insane   "
 sad 
electric guitar cords ftw!
yeah metallica
i  love  metal
fml
bored as of   now
"the usual feeling, for those of you that know, yeah, for those of u who don't, disregard"
"i got my resized class ring in the mail not long ago, within 5 minutes  in order to e playful ress my emotions i will avoid emoticons, as they cheapen the communication of my feelings, i will therefore use a rare mediumenglishi am elated "
meh
happy birthday to me    laugh 
thx 4 those of u who posted happy birthday
