so bord nothin 2 do
"isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do ""practice?"""
what do you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
i shot the sheriff but i didnt shoot the deputy no no no
thanx every1 who wished me a happy b'day n <propfemale> xmas had a blast hope u all did 2!!!!!  smile   smile 
livin life
god thankyou for answering my prayers and putting so many wonderful people in my life
cant sleep got a <propmale> headache
"hey, mum! why are we pushing the car off the <propmale>? shut up son, you'll wake your father"
u need 2 b mindful of wat u say  words can mess everthing up 
happy new year!!! im so glad 2010 is over it was good but couldve been way better  i will miss you  but now i cant wait to see what wonderful fortunes 2011 bring!!! hope you all have a good one 
"if someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, is it considered a hostage situation?"
friendships can fade  family is  forever
im movin on up the highschool and i was jus accepted into cass im so happy all of my friends made!!!!!
yay on my wayout of town so ecited ddnt have 2 go 2 school but ima miss my friends and family!!!
i survived the supposed rapture today because only my god knows when he wants me to come home!!!
yay jus got back from the conference had so much fun can't wait to go back next year but i'm glad to be back chilling with the family
"im hacking my diary' s pagee you so awesome <propfemale> loves you  love "
yay so happy i dont have school cuz we dont have air conditionin so if u go to farwell u dont have school tomoro!!!!
happy father's day to my dad and all the dads in the world hope u have a wonderfull time
somedays im the pigion and somedays im the statue -really now    
happy 4th of july to evryone hope you have fun today!!!  frowny l ) -really now    
ugghhh i gotta get up at 4 smile 0 in the morning nd go off to cass nd waste my time doing nthin up at the school for 7 hours for 2weeks 2 freakin weeks so p o  rite now if tht aint crazy idk what is ugh y me y now y 2weeks!!!
1 2 -really now    
<propmale> rodriguez
"best picin <propfemale> it aint nthin lke havin good food, people u dnt knw, and bad weather all mixed in 2 one     goodtimes goodtimes goodtimes     "
my #1bestfriend finally got a boyfriend i thnk she betta cuz if she <propfemale> she goin 2 b in big trouble!!! lmao bout 2 b blowin up her fone
               
cass is awesome had so much fun on the first day cant wait to see what lays ahead!!!  smile 
so bored
