"'letters to god' is an amazing movie, if not sad  if you haven't seen it, consider doing so   smile "
"i didn't know facebook had tetris!  laugh  makes me sooo happy  ^^happy thanksgiving!  smile "
"if you click 'like' this status i will post onyour wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want achallenge  smile "
"pickone word that describes me, and the word must start with the 3rd letterof your name  then repost this on your <propfemale> and see what answers youget in return "
"the woodpeckers are coming! the woodpeckers are coming!they're pecking on the side of our house  o o"
"thanks for making last night awesome faith, <propfirst>, and <propmale>! you guys rock!  laugh i never thought i could have so much fun watching the aristocats   laugh "
"so pure  so gentle  so amazing i love snow "
"no youth group tonight cause of snow! d:i still love snow though   smile "
"like my status and i'll tell you:1) -something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2) -the color you remind me of    3) -my first memory of you a memory of you4) -the animal you remind me of   5) -ask something i've always wondered about you 6) -my favorite thing about you 7) -give you a weird nickname  smile  -what's written on my shirt now9) -challenge you to post this?"
the twisp mission trip was awesome! had lots of fun building relationships with the people in my youth group and learning to feel the holy spirit a little more  thanks to all of you that encouraged me and helped me through the week  lots of unforgettable memories and unforgettable people 
"hilarious e playful erience at <propfirst> myers yesterday at the dressing room no employees around  just me, my mom, and another lady waiting for someone there's a phone that has ""please pick up for assistance "" written on it so we pick it up and the phone on the desk two feet behind us starts ringing  we all look at each other, shrug, and wonder how that helped  then we laughed  never did find an employee   laugh "
i love how in every yu-gi-oh show no matter how much abuse the cards take they seem to manage to stay in mint condition   laugh 
"click 'like' if you're glad you met me, then put this as your status and see how many people are glad they met you   smile "
"if your not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you1 ) crazy (2) i'd date you (3) attractive (4) sarcastic (5) i miss you(6) i'd kiss you (7) i like you ( smile  smart (9) energetic (10) random(11) hot (12) funny (13) fit (14) amazing (15) tough (16) cute (17) beautiful (1 smile  nerd (19) adorable (20) i love you"
"but when i am afraid, i will put my trust in you  - psalm 56 smile i need to learn to do this "
"they say it takes a minute to find a special person,an hour to appreciate them,a day to love them   but then an entire life to forget them you're all special to me  everyone who can see this   laugh "
"i have an amazing boyfriend!thank you for one whole year of happiness, <propfemale>, forgiveness, and love it's been awesome and i hope it continues to be that way i love you <propmale>!  laugh "
"what's on my mind facebook? lots of stuff do i wanna tell a wall about it? not so much so instead i'll just write this "
"lets smile ? play the color game smile  copy this into your status and see whatpeople rate you  *red =i love you * pink = your cute pretty * green =your funny * orange =i like you * white = i use to like you * yellow =your amazing * black =i hate you * blue = friends 4 ever * purple = i   dont    know you    that well *multi-colored= your crazy!?  smile "
"confession time , inbox only   that means messages only   2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me but have never had the nerve to   put this as your status && you might be surprised"
"super late happy new year!  laugh but i was camping, so i had no internet   hope 2011 will be filled with lots of new memories   smile "
"6 don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything  tell god what you need, and thank him for all he has done  7 then you will e playful erience god’s peace, which exceeds anything we can understand  his peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in christ jesus  - philippians 4:6-7one of my favorite verses   smile "
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!hope it's great for all of you!  smile "
"2010 is almost over, so like this if i've made you smile this year  then post this as your status, you'll be surprised at how many people you've made smile"
"i'm not sure i'm gonna have any fingertips at the end of the semester    thank you stained glass and mst  hello band-aids "
"saw a double rainbow on the bus ride home today! was awesome but on a sad note, please pray for our <propfemale>  she's not doing well   sad "
"i had a little bird  it's name was enza  i opened the window, and in flew enza "
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same "
zoey(our <propfemale>) is all stretched out on my lap right now  i feel bad i'm gonna make her get up soon  she's so cute   love 
