im sooooooooo bored!!!
these quizzes r addicting
happy thanksgiving!
<propfemale> christmas and happy new year!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!
would you rather destroy twihards or find <propmale>??
"if <propmale> hanks was a boat, he'd be <propmale> cruise "
"         oh right  i never did say yes  forgot about that part, didnt you?"
 playful 
"life is like a penis  its short, but it seems so long when it gets hard  wink "
"there are 4 things i'm not good at: faces, names, and <propfirst> "
"believe that person when they show you who they are, not when they tell you what they're about       "
"pretty good march 5, considering it's significance  smile "
peru       boredom 
home finally  smile  definitely don't mind spending a day in miami  smile 
eccedentesiast  there are enough people who fake smiles for there to be an actual word for it 
<propfirst> vanderender is the best and i loove him
im a lesbian and i think <propfirst> vanderende is the fucking best
thx <propmale>  playful  it's very much appreciated  smile 
would you try a burger with donuts for the bun?? only in <propfemale> would they eat that with a diet pepsi
new phone!! text your name 905 550 6927
realized: the tooth <propfemale> encourages us to sell our bodies 
i miss you so much already  love 
2 days left  cant wait  love 
toniiiight  love 
remember: having the mondays is still better than having crabs 
beiber nail polish? wtf is wrong with us?
"in texas, there are no laws  there are only <propmale> <propmale>' rules "
"<propmale> brothers, then <propfirst> beiber, then <propfemale> black  2012 must really be the end "
"if you watch bin laden's life backwards, it's about an ocean zombie who builds skyscrapers out of airplanes "
marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband 
there are 3 types of people in the world : the ones who can count and the ones who cant 
why do they say opposites attract even tho people break up because of their differences?
maybe ufos aren't aliens       maybe they're future humans who managed to create a time machine     
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence 
"when you decode your own dream and it turns out to have some strong message, you feel psychic  this is fact "
"fuck, my mouth hurts     "
anyone know what time everyone gets back from wonderland?
"if i was in a room with <propfirst> beiber, bin laden, hitler, and a gun with 2 bullets, i'd shoot beiber twice "
"twilight is like soccer  they run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and it's billion fans insist you just don't understand "
i hate when people say to drink lots of fluids  what else would i drink? solids? ionized gasses?
"""slutface"" ""my face is not a slut, my vagina is  oh wait nvm, my mouth is too "" interesting    "
what number confuses stupid people? 82
lets see if this actually works     ; wink  me gusta 
 laugh >
"if nothing is impossible, is impossibility possible?"
realized: the human race kills people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong 
"""i'm positive i'm missing an electron     "" that's what taking chem in summer school does to your brain  keep an ion that "
"dear horton, does it go for penis's too? a penis's a penis, no matter how small     "
"if you try to fail and succeed, which one gave you done?"
your wall on g+ is heretofore called your g spot  people who won't add you into circles are called circle jerks 
stop saying you just had a newborn baby  the newborn part is assumed  no one thinks you just pushed a 12 year old out of your snatch 
done with school ! now summer can actually start  smile 
"if life gives you lemons you make lemonade, so if life gives you gators can you make gatorade?"
am i the only one who falls asleep after having caffeine?
"if watermelons are full of water, what are kumquats full of?"
if she still writes like this shes too young for you bro 
boston pizza!!  laugh 
only 12% of people can solve this in 30 seconds  write the opposite of each word: 1  always 2  coming 3  from 4  take 5  me 6  down  smile 
"""i feel really bad for tampons  they visit the best place on earth, but only during renovations "" random guy walking by my house     "
"oxygen hydrogen sodium sodium, what's my name?"
"no woman will ever be fully satisfied with any man, because no man has a 15 inch chocolate penis that shoots money  sorry guys "
"twinkle twinkle little slut, you like <propmale> inside your butt  sliding in the hole so high, feeling good you can't deny? twinkle twinkle little slut, you like <propmale> inside your butt "
"""needles are for sewing, not for putting into people!!"" cala a-f"
never  again  ever 
twilight or <propmale> potter?
its not easy to get close to anyone  everyones afraid of everybody else       maybe because were all afraid of ourselves 
was hacked by <propfirst>!!!!! muhahahahahahahahaha!!!!!  love 
apparently my new nickname is the partier        lol monisha pathak  smile 
damn phones broke dont text
"""flight attendants are      overpaid vending machines "" oh google  smile "
why do people say life is short when its the longest thing anyone ever e playful eriences??
"""but lollipops are junkfood!! omg, chocolate pudding!!!!"" cala alfonso-francis this is why we love you  love 3"
"say no to drugs, because if the drugs are talking to you, youve probably had enough "
trees hate me  sad 
ice cream!!!
wtf there was an earthquake??
happy ninja day!
-__-
christmas music has gotta be the most annoying thing          but <propfemale> christmas anyways  smile 
"i havent texted you back in months, ive never replied to your inboxes, and i blocked you on msn  im not gonna fuck you  when are you going to give up??"
h a p p y h a l l o w e e n !
all i want for christmas is you  love 3
"one good thing about coughing, it gives you abs  sad "
its quicker to count the things that aint wrong with you than to count the things that are     
    
"you can ask me any three questions you want, but only inbox smile  and i'll answer no matter what  put this as your status and see how many you get  playful "
sick  sad 
"today, i ran into a door  it was open "
"type your name:megan rogerswith your elbow:,mdehgswnj tfrolhgretrfdsdwith your nose:kj34tywqn rogersewith your eyes closed:megan rogetrsput this as your status and dont erase mistakes and put your name not mine!"
gahhh
"""if i cant run, i want to scream  i want to scream,but i cant find my voice, hidden somewhere in the indigo sea that has swamped my brain  blue  blue  deep dark blue  the blue that fills me with <propfemale>, the <propfemale> to find a small, sharp blade and watch the blood run, red ""- <propfemale> hopkins"
wow
<propfemale> krumma is a pyromaniac  smile 
hair smells like fire      
<propfirst>'s bitchy friend texting me lol  smile 
"""the earth is big!!!!""  laugh "
<propfemale> krumma you make my life  smile 
"when a smurf is choking, what colour does it turn??"
"""he goes to church?!?!?!?!"""
hmmm         
"""mr mccallum, i think <propfemale> has problems  shes been laughing for 20 minutes straight """
is bored to death
"dad, no one cares if you dont like my clothes  shut your face "
my bestest friend in the whole entire world is sky-la peterpan marr !!!  laugh  love 
cala alfonso-francis sky-la peterpan marr teagan a-f i like pigs  smile 
really wants to try chocolate covered bacon now        
"""thats how you show love in my family  we throw balloons at each other "" gotta love 60 year old guys who made magic and balloon animals into a career "
<propfemale> -__- dont text
omfg its magical  smile 
thanks for hacking me sky-la peterpan marr  love 
rip <propmale>  love 
single liiiife  love   love 
its way too hot outside  sad 
why you like the way regrets taste??
how could they remember something    that theyve been forced to forget??? loooool the fourth kind  smile  cala alfonso-francis <propfemale> krumma teagan a-f dont get abducted by aliens  laugh 
buskerfest w  cala alfonso-francis sky-la peterpan marr and teagan a-f was goood  love 
is failing english
dont take shit from no one 
september          thats depressing 
fuck
"cows, horses, and windmills  what state am i in??"
my life has been made  laugh 
"cala alfonso-francis , shooting arrows in a floor length white skirt is not smart     "
"i dont give a damn what you think, im doing this for me         "
why did the condom fly across the room?
im fucking going crazy 
whitewater rafting with cala alfonso-francis and teagan a-f  playful 
 smile 
"dear society, how have you managed to make girls feel bad for being virgins and for losing their virginity? sincerely, what doyou want from us?"
happy condom day!
"2nd sem:english- lundysci-radovichistory-lyonscom tech-vandendool"
ninjas or pirates??
vampires suck was amazing  laugh  <propfemale> mangos
"""laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired "" best fortune cookie ever "
"""isnt march 3rd in february this year?"" whoever that was, you fail  like, epically "
just found out february 14 is national condom day  laugh 
m&m= <propfirst> mathers  just realized 
got a fucking knee brace       
"exam week, im so looking forward to you "
"just realized that the main chip company in england is walkers, but in <propfemale> its lays    "
happy birthday proof  rest in peace  love 
trick or treating was siick  playful 
"just gonna stand there and watch me roar, but thats alright cause im a dinosaur  playful  just gonna stand there and eat you alive, but thats alright cause im a carnivore inside  laugh "
got a fucking knee brace       
"""why does this train stop at every station!!!"" ""          because thats what trains do       "" <propfemale> krumma cala alfonso-francis pinja a-f"
"looking happy and being happy are not the same thing  open your eyes, you just might save a life "
potato
"on this status: smash head into keyboard, post results  playful "
happy new year i guess  why is it such a big deal??
"im not creepy, your just retarded "
new msn add megan-rogers1@hotmail com  smile 
how do the people in a bubble wrap factory not pop the bubble wrap?
caramel coffee werthers originals actually taste like coffee       
*insert thoughts*
so pissed i'm shaking    
"3 blondes, eating ice cream cones  ones sucking on hers, ones biting, and ones licking  which ones married??"
"it's not about the length, it's about the special characters  wink "
