missing all my old friends
thankfull that the kids are not reall sick
got a migrain last night but lucky it wasnt so bad that i had to go to hospital  <propfirst> and <propfirst> just got done with <propfirst>s science project  they made an electro magnet
"still got that headache!! just glad its not a migraine,yet!!"
<propfirst> is doing real well with his water therapy  hopefully he can get threw the regular therapy just as good
well i hopefully will find out tomorrow about the tumor  keep having dreams about me being dead or really sick and in the hospital  i hope it isnt a look into the future!! <propfirst> 
just got back from bmx track  <propfirst> is starting to get some air when he goes over the hills!!
maybe i am finally starting to worry about this thing a little bit  <propfirst> 
hey everyone  dont get upset ya all  it was just my regular mri that i have to get every year  i was a little worried because my doc  thought it might be growing since i am in early menopause  it hasnt grown or shrunk  it is the same as far as they can tell  sometimes they can grow so slightly that they dont see it on the mri 
head hurts!! so sick of having a headache!! i wish they would take this tumor out of my head!!!
hey all! my sweet <propfirst> <propfirst> is 5yrs old!!! time really flys by! dont forget the b-day party for him this saturday at 330  my out of town people can come if they need a short vacation  your more than welcome to stay with us  i know it is highly unlikely but thought i would try!!
hey all! just liven life one day at a time 
cant wait to go to indiana next week with <propfemale>  we get a minni vacation and hopefully she gets better!!!   <propfirst>
<propfirst> won 2nd place at the bmx track yesterday!!!
<propfirst>'s mri went well today  wont get the results until mon  or tues  we will let you all know what they say 
my back is killing me today  i hope my pain pills kick in soon
"our new puppy is so attached to <propfirst>!!! he followes him everywhere and he is very upset right now cause <propfirst> isnt here  honestly i dont know what he sees in him!!! ha,ha"
i like taking quizzes  since my husband is in love with <propfirst> swift i am thrilled that i am most like her!
could everyone please pray for my sweet <propfirst> <propfirst>!!! he has rectal prolapse!! he has to get some tests done and we will find out if he will need surgery!!!
"well <propfirst> went to the gastrointerologist today  he got blood drawn to test his thyroid,to test for celiac disease,and for a milk allergy  then he goes later this month to be tested for cystic fibrosis  these are the main diseases that cause rectal prolapse so they are ruling them out first  hopefully its none of them and just from him straining "
back is hurting real bad today  and i am so tired  went to bed at 5am and up again at 9am!!
"went out the other day with <propfirst> and the kids  we went to the flea market,stoped at a garage sale,and practiced target shooting with hand gun  my 7yr old can shoot it better than i can  he is going to be the next little sure shot!!!! <propfirst>"
my little <propfirst> won first place in his bmx race!!! his first time winning first!!! he smoked em!!! ya all shoulda seen me actin like a fool screamin my head off and jumpin up and down!!! i was happy!!!
"wish my back would stop hurting,other than that things are just great"
"dream as if you will live forever,live as if you will die today!   <propfirst> <propfirst>"
"lord renew me,send your living water to flow threw me  help me in my weakness  i desperatly need you lord  i put all my e playful ectations in you lord!"
got to spend time with my precious <propfemale> and <propfirst>  i cant believe how much they are growing  <propfirst>
started painting kids room
very excited about getting mine and rachels buisness started!!!!
getting ready for my party  hope you all come!!!
"it seems easier to be god than to love god,easier to control people than to love people god asks noone wether he will accept life,this is not the choice,the only choice you have as you go threw life is how you will live it  the difficulty in life is the choice "
"i almost got the kids room done!!! it is cosmic blue with black trim  looks pretty cool! i had help from pam,sean,david,and kyle,and my friends kids "
lord i come humbly before you and ask you to cleanse my heart of every fault and renew a right spirit withen me!
"god <propmale> me courage and hope for everyday,faith to guide me along the way,understanding and wisdom too,and grace to accept what life gives me to do "
got kyles test results and it turns out that he has a milk allergy  so no more dairy products for us 
trying to keep from getting a migraine  need a good massage 
<propfirst> won 3rd place at the bmx track!!!!
feeling sick to my stomach! hope i dont have the flue or something  i dont have time to be sick
i am over two weeks smoke free now!!!!!!! next goal is to lose about 50 pounds!!! i am thinking about doing bmx racing with my son  <propfirst> seems to think i will break my neck  not sure if my back can handl it or my knee but i am going to give it a try(or my ankles)!!
gotta go chace down my dogs cause they ran off!!!! gonna choke em!!!! not fun being out at this time in dayton!!!
well i got in a car accident the other day!!! was distracted with the kids and rearended somebody then somebody rearended me and then they got rearended!!! of course i got a ticket and the insurance is going to go up  but thank god no one was hurt!!!
i have been sick with bronchitis for almost 2 weeks and still not over it!! i finally quit smoking for good this time!!! i would like to be able to breath!!!
still gonna be fighting this pnumonia for a while  it started in my left lung and it has moved to my right lung 
i have been fighting pnumonia for about two weeks now  it sucks!!! i never new how painful it can be 
<propfirst> bought one of those cig machine things to help him quit smoking!!! i am so proud of him!!! we are going to get in shape together  as soon as i feel better!
well i finally got rid of pnumonia  trying to get in shape but everytime i turn around something happens  now i cant move much cause of this burn on my leg  every move i make hurts!!!
everyone pray that i make the right descision hear in a few days about something important that i want to keep private for the time being
was going to give my kidney to this lady in <propfemale> but my blood pressure is too high for surgery  pray that i can get it down  also my husbands aunt needs a liver  was going to give her part of mine if im a match  gotta get blood pressure under control
blood pressure still between125 to 160 over 105 even with my meds! gotta go back to doc and get an increase of meds  yippy!
my poor <propfirst> is in severe pain witha sinus and ear infection
thank you all sooooo much for the happy biryhdays!!!! it made my day!!!
took kids to the dentist and got away with no cavaties!!!! its a miracle!!!!
everyone pray for charlies mom please  she is in the hospital again  she is very sick!!
