"missing my son <propfirst>, who just graduated navy boot camp  but, im sooooooo proud of him!!! he's my hero!"
"hey guys!!, gotta go to ohio friday, my son there needs me for awhile, and dont kno when i'll be back  please keep us all in ur prayers  things tough for them, and i hope to be a help to them thru this rough time  im getting to see my grandaughter, zoey for da first time tho!! woohoo lol i appreciate ur paryaers and kno, the lord is watching and this too, shall pass!!"
"wat a great day to be alive and work wasnt bad either  woo hoooo lol,,"
headn 2 lakeland sunday nite so i can finish lab n drug test at hospital first thing monday morn  this is it!!! ne 1 dat feels generous next weekend 2 help me pak n move? lol god bless ya!!! lol
"<propfemale> wedlock <propmale> mccall stringer prayer alert!! for a fb friend's daughter audrin <propmale>  hold the familyup in prayer today  her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed withstage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you dont know her, godknows    please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer forthe little girl and god bless you for doing it!   "
im cumin 2 lakeland wednesday!!!!!!!!!! amtrak and me gonna be best friends lol u guys get ready and cant wait 2 c u all!!!!!!!
great new song!! i cud use a wish rite now!!
"yeee haaaa!!! 1 more 13 hour shift n got weekend off!!!! finally gettn car n hopefully, money b in account 2marrow  got big big plans 4 weekend n 1 one im actually gona do sumtn with someone lolololol    everyone hold on tight, the earth may jus move to the right lol,,,,"
"in palatka with my kids and soooo happy!!! only 4 today but it feels so good being with them  didnt e playful ect it being this hard taking a job 2 hours away, but did it for us  adjustin is hardest part n god will take us thru  we r truly blessed!!"
"6 hr shift sooo much nicer than 12  been crazy busy week and have weekend off!!! 1 more 12 and im done!!! cant wait to see kids again  wat a diff being with them made, i need my kid fix lol hope every1 haven great week and thank u 4 being u!!! u guys rock!!"
"yea!!! i'm off 2marrow  after 2 days of 13 hour shifts and having 2 patients outta 72 being insanely diffulcult, i'm ready 2 chill  jus cause ur ill doesnt mean ur mental, or does it? lol"
wat a crappy crappy week  im jus sayn 
wishes remotes worked in real life  [>>  stop  play  pause  <<  ctrl+alt+delete] it sure would come in handy! prob be the best friend i had  lol
"one more day of 12 hours shift till 2 days off   been a crazy, unpredictable, surprising, fun, sad, fun, shocking, fun, heart warming, fun, heartbreaking, fun week  lol o i forgot, releasing too  discovered sometimes u jus cant repeat history or rewrite it, gotta accept it and understand it, to let it go and start a new one  enuff said lol,,   it's all good and so i am lol"
had 2 repost status from other day  car broke down on me monday nite n barely made it to <propfemale>'s house  i'm so blesssed 2 have great friends helpn me  goin to her house soon so they can help me figure out wats wrong wit it  havent had it a month yet and so many probs  need 2 take it back 
"at work, waitn 4 sumtn 2 happen lol if sum1 cums around, i make it happen myself lol"
"off today n have decisions to make   kinda scared cause even tho my heart n mind are always with right intentions, i seem to make wrong choices  this is the time i wish i had someone special in my life, if for nuttn else than to let me whine and cry on shoulder  it sux being strong all the time  "
"cant go back 2 sleep n hating it  altho its so peaceful at 2am  no phone ringing, no work, no drama, ahhhhh da lil things in life lol"
"im slowly adjustn 2 12 hour shifts  off da weekend n cant go 2 palatka  dont want 2 sit round, cause thinking isnt gud 4 me lol sum1's gotta help keep me busy  lol"
if ignorance is bliss then there is a sh*t load of people in paradise
"when you hit that fork in the road, who said you had to go left or right? go off-roading and make your own path "
"a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier maybe once in6 months  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to defend their country;  a soldier actually keeps that promise  repost if you support our troops"
with my kids and nothing else matters  for the next 2 days all other issues and job and life's crap doesnt exist 
"daughters will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime ? ? ?      it's ""daughter's week"" - if you have daughters that makes your life worth living    just by being around them, copy and paste this to your wall xxxx"
"if you open yourself up you better be ready for an outcome you didnt e playful ect  sometimes, its better to keep quiet and keep moving!!!!"
"back in lakeland 4 gud!!!!omg wat a job we had sortn thru 24 years of belongings  only brought 10% with me  gara is a genious at organization n combining  a million dollars isnt enuf 4 how she helpd me! now that im here, its a sweet sadness n missing my kids already is da worst  think if i brought all their friends here 2, they move? lol wont b long n we all b 2gether again "
made it 2 palatka after a crazy day  seeing kids makes it all worth it  35 degress n morn n 4got warm clothes  times like this having a warm body next 2 me wud help lol enuff said lol
going to palatka to see my kids and soooo happy!!! did i jus say im happy to go to palatka??? lol  all because of the kids!!!
"tryn hard not 2 let the sadness of not being wit my kids 2day, take hold  gotta work n keep telling myself the patients r 1's who have it bad n i'm really blessed  all 4 of my kids 2gther 4 first time in years n i cant b with them as i should n so badly want 2 b  so, i'm goin 2 work and try 2 bless someone else by doin watever i can 2 make them smile n feel bettr bout being in hospital  happy tday every1!!"
i'm beginning to think that today is one of the days where it would be in other's best interests if i don't talk  the filter is running a little short today 
"in lakeland n feels sooo gud!!! too bad gotta go back 2 palatka 2marrow  <propfirst> n i havn great time here  gotta get lab n drug test done n morn at hospital then next time im here, im here to live!!!!"
"omg gotta make 1 more trip 2 lakeland 4 job  geezzzzz, gotta have a tb test n wasnt told dat when i went yesterday 4 lab n drug test  r da fates tryn 2 tell me sumtn? lol"
did u kno when a white shirt gets wet its totally see thru? got drenched at work running 2 truck and shirt turned into a nudey gurl show lol thats wat happens when ur 2 impatient and cant stay 1 more minute at work  lol got offered tips at gas pump tho lol
"read this on doc's wal   21 suggestions 4 sucess   first!! marry the rite persn!!! 90% of ur happines or misery depends on ur choice  well,, wont talk bou that 1   lmao   work @ sumtn u enjoy n worthy of ur time n effort  give ppl more than they  playful ect n do it cheerfuly  b the most positve n enthusiastic u can b  b 4given of urself and othrs b generous  b honest, b honestt b friggn honest ppl!!!!"
"went to lakeland yesterday to do more paperwork for job, hated to leave lol all thats left now, is lab work to finalize i'm safe to work there  orientation on da 19th!! woohoo!!"
"success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts "
da 17th is gettn closerrrrrrr and soooo ready go home!!!!! can't wait 2 c u all and b in a brite happy place again with special ppl ive missed so much! dont kno how i got thru without all ur help after being abandon and abused  been real tough 2 years but god took care of me and bringing me home 2 a job ive waited 4 along time  cant wait 2 spoil my kids again lol life is great!!
gotta work next 2 days 6am to 630pm  sweet!!!!!!
"always remember, sometimes things fall apart for other things to fall into place  smile "
jus had a cool weekend in clermont wit friends  its sooo pretty there with the hills  saw a great band called dans world  all country music and sounded so professional  finally got out amongst the living lol
"gota get dif job! depresses me daily watchn patients die, familys morn n sickness taken its toll  need a happy place thats not jus n my head lol"
"i don't make my choices based on whether or not i am happy, my happiness is based on the choices i make "
sad 2 leave lakeland  pray i get job here so i can move bak asap 
got weekend off n wish i cud go see kids  hate being off n not being with them 
im gettn closer to lakeland!! heard from hospital and waiting 4 the setup time  woohoo!!! thanks 4 all ur prayers and dont stop now!! lol
"cudnt keep my eyes open in orientation  first time n a week ive stopd n sat still  how embarrassing lol but, got a great job wit great benefits  kids r going 2 b thrilled, but missing them stinks  stayn busy 2 keep mind busy  who wants 2 help? lolo"
gotta work 7am-630pm next 3 days  wat ive been waitn n fightn for since memorial day  i'm a professional again and feels great!! thanks 2 da great friends supportn me and reminding me what and why i shud do it  i'll sleep after friday lol
"after 3 days of non stop work madness, im off the weekend  won't kno how 2 act being able 2 sleep past 430am and my feet not aching lol, but, i'm gonna give it my very best shot, yes i am!!!!"
"cant sleep known 430am is close  3 more 12 hour shifts  wish this thang had a wakeup button, u guys shud b glad it doesnt or i kno several ppl who cuss me bad rite now lol"
"yea!!! im off training n on my own wit da patients  wonder who shud b more afraid, patients or boss? lol b nice is patients rooms werent 100 <propmale> away n hospital  who said walkn is good 4 ya? lol least they dont have a mental facility there, guess who'd never leave? lmao"
"how long does it take 2 adjust 2 long shift?? jus when i was gettn it, had day off and going back 2day kicked my butt  geeeezzzzz   least i can cum here n whine lol my roomate on vacation and no one home 2 listen 2 me lol"
"ahhhhh, i so appreciate all ur kinds words and bday wishes  sure makes a lady feel better bout turning 35 lmao"
"next time i'm on fbook, i'll be all moved 2 lakeland!!!! get ready people lol"
"a patient ive had 4 2 weeks was moved 2 icu 2day  it's not looking to good and breaks my heart  the patients make my day and most rewarding part of job  but, i've left room several times with tears and sadness seeing them so ill and can't do anything, especialy the elderly and children  but, when they say to me how they look 4ward to seeing me each morning, make the pressure, sadness and aggravation disappear "
"hey <propfirst>, please call me  im n palatka n like 2 c u  kids an i joy riden lol goin 2 shoot nichalos new bow  maken creawy ghetti 2nite  great bein bak n hangn w"
i am soooo bored at work!!
i'm that girl that will drive u insane    but you will love every minute of it!!!
"dropped my phone at work, not only in trash, but, in a cup of coffee in trash  w t f??? took apart n hoped it wud dry, n blowdryed it when i got home, to no avail  worst part, every number i want is in that phone, n not in my head like years ago  2 tired 2 go buy another 2nite, and working 6am-630pm 2marro  now i'll see if i get withdrawals without it lol"
can't sleep aftr getn a questable text from my oldest son in ohio  been tough year 4 him and tryn 2 overcome sum <propmale> things  i'm scared 4 him rite now n hate i cant do anything at da moment  askn god 2 please protect him n get him bak here so he will b with family n support he so desperatly needs 
"on the dock with kids and bff in palatka  forgot how pretty the st johns river is and even the heat isnt as hot as in lakeland, if that makes ne sense lol"
"is 2day over yet? i'm stressin bout moving and dont kno where that came from? came here n a car, and leaving with a lifetime  dont even kno where 2 bgin!!!!"
"had the best weekend in along time with friends  back 2 12 hour shifts, sigh       "
"how cool is it 2 know u can throw a pitch 105mph????? bet red's pitcher's mom is still reeling from it  new term for ""heater"" lol"
"after being away 4 so long, its wierd hearing ppl talk bout bucs  all u hear there r jags and gators  also, so many ppl grip bout polk county n lakeland  if they lived n putnam county they c how gud it is here and all it has 2 offer  there it's dark, depressed, gloomy and backwards  total diff world  lakeland is sunshiney, happy and has a positive atmosphere  mayb every1 shud live elsewhere 2 appreciate it here "
"feeling better and had nice dinner with childhood friends  its so cool seeing ppl i grew up with  their all the best friends, love u unconditionally, n knew u b4 u knew urslef  nice thing bout ageing, n when ur coloring da gray or cant bend over like u once cud cause ur knees or back ache, remember ppl who u love n love u all these years n never left ur life, no matter how far apart u were "
yea!! gara's cumin 2nite 2 help me move  ne1 that does sumtn like that is either insane or a saint lol she's lil both lol sh'es alot both lol  we still have openings if ne1 else is feeling energetic  had sum great help already 2day packing n wat a blessing!! i'm gonna really miss friends here n so lucky 2 have them n both places 
"got totally lost 4 second time tryn 2 figure out da dam parkway n <propfirst> roads dat werent here when i lived here b4  lol do they really make travelin easier? suredidnt make it easy 4 me n wasted 10 00 gas jus 2 get back 2 road i knew 2 take me  wtf? lol o well, wondr wat 2marro holds? lol"
"refuses to settle for the person she could live with, she is waiting for the person she can't live without   "
<propfemale> ha one more day and kids be here!!
"success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts "
"kids are finally here and have plans 2 keep em busy, starting with rollerskating at my old stompin grounds, skateworld lol they think its lame but im excited lol anyone wanna go with us?? i think its so cool 2 take them where i grew up playing and never imagined having my kids do that  if anyone has more ideas where 2 take them, please let me know  i havent lived here in 24 years and almost feels new "
"b loyal  n self startr  b decisive, even if u sumtms make wrong decisions  stop blaming othrs n take responsibility 4 every area of ur life  b bold n couragious  when u look bak at ur life, u always regret wat u didnt do  last  dont do anything your mom wudnt b proud of!!!!!!!!"
"its friday!!!!  taking kids shopping, rollerskakn (if i get them 2 agree)lol and making my specialty, creamy gehtti, its like lasgna but made with angel hair pasta, homemade sauce italian style and special cheeses  kids beggn me 4 weeks 2 make it  maken it a full day cause i work all weekend "
can't  blieve i want to go back to work in morn   having weekends off without kids or sumtn 2 do sux 
"one more day and off weekend!!!  wanting to see kids, but, getting there another story rite now  sux!!!!!!!!!! anyone have a good car to sell?"
i want 2 scream!!! dam car probs n cant get 2 c my kids  sumtms i wish i nevr moved bak here 
"after 12 hours of taking care of very ill patients, makes me appreciate my health, even tho my feel ache and a massage wud cure everything rite now lol our health is one thing we dont always appreciate being good "
"going to palatka to see my kids, maybe the sadness will go away "
got the blues  weekend off n feeling like crap 
"if at first you don't succeed, reload and take another shot!! wish i knew that 2 years ago,,,, lol"
"why is it u awake early when u dont have 2 work, but, days u do work, its hard as crap 2 get up???? lol"
"hardest thing was leaving to come back 2 lakeland  having those 3 days and the quality time with kids, is jus wat i needed  wish it didnt go by so fast  ive got 2 b the most blessed person  to have a great family in my kids dad and stepmom is more than i can ask for  how many ex wives can stay with kids, dad and stepmom, and feel at home? it's a great example 4 the kids how to overcome differences and b better ppl "
"luck decides whom u met in ur life  ur heart decides whom u want in ur life  but its <propfemale> that decides whom u get in ur life "
got a special friend coming to see me from palatka and sooooo excited!! havent had butterflies in years lol
"missn kids so bad!!! no matter how old they get and even adults, they are still my babies n thats wat i see when i think of them, all 4  can't sleep from wanting 2 jus jump up and go 2 them   only 1 day off makes it tough 2 do so "
it's a gorgeous day out there and feels good to be alive!! i'm so blessed in many many ways and grateful for all of them  can't say enuff how much my friends mean to me and the love i have for each one  hope life treats u all as good as u have to me  mwa mwa mwa!!!
"last 12 hour shift til wednesday, guess i shud b glad im able 2 work em at all lol  there was a time, a 4 hour waitress shift felt over worked n this is alot more work lol"
"having da best time wit my family n wish my othr 2 boys were here too  y 14yo son caught bluecrabs outide ak door in river, cooked them 4 me and we sat at table eatn em wit garlic bettr  felt so special n wish we had more time  watchd his baseball practice n he's a dynamite catchr!! wish time cud stop jus 4 a few more days "
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while u are safe at home  in the minute it takes u to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation week     repost if u are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops"
"weekend off,,, big fat whoop!!!!  when there's something 2 look forward to then it will matter  i'm not pissy or anything lol"
havn da best holiday wit  all my kids n palatka  feels great bein bak here  hope 2 c friends 2 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week thanks and god bless!! congrats to <propfirst> burwell, he graduates nuc school end of month "
"been so ill n goin 2 doc 2marrow  but, wat feels worse is knowing wats lost n may nver b the same "
"jus got bak from the best day wit my 2 youngst  it's jus wat doc ordered but so hard leavn them  cant wait til thanksgiving n have alot more time  they r such awesum kids and make me very proud!!!! every single second i value and treasure wit them n hope they kno the love i have 4 them must b wat god feels 4 his son, and no words define that kind of love!!!!"
sum1 pinch me n tell me 4 sure this work day is over!!! talk about a patient revolving door n doctors changing orders and nurses calling constantly     my brain feels like scrambled eggs lol noone say a word bout that last comment either!!! lol
"smile until it hurts, laugh until you cry, love like you never have been broken, pray with faith, live in the moment, remember the good times, let go of the bad"
"if its amazing, it won't be easy  if its easy, it won't be amazing   if its worth it, you won't give up  if you give up, you were not worthy of it to begin with"""
"forgiveness is the one thing all should learn to give  whether against a loved one, hated or unknown one  it is grudges that cause the past to forever dwell "
on the floor by the couch
cant wait to get off work tonite and head to palatka  seeing all my kids is all i need and want to make me happy  looking forward to seeing friends there too    pssstttt     i do miss u guys too    lol
"i am soooo donewit this day!!! neighbor jus came n told me my car rolled nto street  i was wrking on it undr hood n 4got 2 put it in 1 gear  geezzzzzz,,,, telln myelf, imm not gonna scream, im not gonna scream, im not gonna scream!!!!!!! lol,,"
f
"so so soooooo glad da work week from hell is over! i hate that no matter how much good u do or treat ppl, if theres jus one <propfemale> error, omg thats all u hear bout  why is that? isnt good suppose to outweigh the not so good? anyways, no 12 hour shifts til monday n someone come pick me up and take me to palatka lol did i say please????? lol or jus have some fun and forget work, bills and other life crap lol"
"happy birthday to my 23 yo son <propfirst>!!! u came into my life and brought me such happiness, taught me all about myself n changed me 4ever  may ur life be filled with the same and rise above mistakes learning from them  i love u so much n miss u terribly  jus dance when it feels too much to bare, n kno u always have family to <propfemale> on "
"my coowrker hugd her n began praying  i held the othr woman who was his daughtr n a wheelchair  kids bgan cryn n i went to them  it was the saddest moment, but glad i was there to comfort them  we stayd wit kids while grandma n mom went 2 c the man  at that moment, evry regret of workin 2day n not bein wit my kids, dissappeared n thankfulness 4 my life returned "
"i hope your dreams stay big, your worries stay small, and each road leads you where you wanna go  i'm not here much anymore n glad ur all here when i am to see wat life's doing with u guys  bout only way i will know how ur doin lol"
"god puts us rite where we need 2 b n so glad i did work 2day  aftr goin thru er chekn on wat they may need, found out a man jus died there  went 2 waiting room n saw his daughtr n 3 small children, who had not yet been told  got kids drinks n pnit buttr n crackers  talkd wit them jus in general, n the kids mom came in cryn n screamn, she had been told "
"my friends think i've gone off the deep end, but no worries--i float "
"gettn my car 2day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm not excited or anything lol  if a  dark green ford escort whizzes past u, thats meeeeeeeee  lol"
"glad my week from hell is almost over  got my car wed, thur stranded wit flat tire, went 2 palatka thur aftrnoon n friday got stranded again!! battery bad, got new one  driving bak fri nite, took wrong exit 4 bathroom, took me 20 <propmale> nowhere 2 apoka til i cud get bak 2 i4  while at store, dropped phone n toilet, freaked out n took all i had not 2 scream  lol,"
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this as your status  ? i will repost this everytime i get it"
"it's impossible "" said pride ""it's risky "" said e playful erience ""it's pointless "" said reason ""give it a try "" whispered the heart "
"god is great n i sumtms 4get that, regretably  2day, i got a great big dose of him n wouldnt have it any other way!!!"
"dreading the holidays  gotta work withiout overtime pay and not being with kids  moving bak was a great thing until now   at least knowing i make patients happy helps, if i cant make anyone else happy  maybe ill move into the hospital lol"
"this world may cause me to bend but by the grace of god, jesus will not let me break"
"happiness is not about getting what we want    it's about appreciating what we have"" !!"
"success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts "
"can't sleep, again, n work at 6am  glad weekend over, so hard without my kids  i kno its rite thing being here n workn, but, hardest thing to do when kids elsewhere  sometimes, i wish i knew y it turned out this way when it hurts so much without them "
bummed out and missing my kids and friends in palatka 
"found out 2day im not the train wreck ive been feeln i am  shud have done that 2 months ago n saved myself, faimly n great friends the agravation lol  bettr late thn nevr!!!! thank the great lord above 4 always bein here n shown me his ppl 2 help keep my life on rite track!!!!"
"finally gettn divorce finalized! dropping last name hopefully lifts the curse it put upon me lol  omg wat a h u g e mistake that one was! great way to start new year new name  7 years of lies, decent, adultry he commited, and married to a man that never existed by pretendn he was someone else listening to god and try to follow his way to get inner peace and joy back and never get involved with wrong man "
gettn ready 4 work and asking god to let this b a day without any patients dieing and they all get well n go home happy!!! 13 hours please fly by fast lol
"love is not about finding the perfect person, its about finding an imperfect person and seeing them as if they were perfect"
in palatka and great seeing family n friends!!!!!!!!!!! maybe i stay lol
"nutn bettr than bein n palatka, hangn with my kids and seeing friends  cept every1 telln me im too thin lol guess losin 62 lbs kinda shows lol"
so hard sayn gbye 2 my kids  so hard sayn bye 2 every1   so many emotns but got sumtn 2 look 4ward 2 when i get bak 2 lakeland  life gives us soooo many une playful dc
i love my mp3 player  i love my attorney who is the best! dvorce here i cum!
"have a grateful heart  persistance persistance persistance  treat othrs how u want 2 b treatd  commit urself 2 constant improvemnt  commit 2 quality  note 2 self    quality n every part of life!!!! undrstand happiness isnt from possessions, powr or presige, but relatnships wit ppl u love n repect in ur life "
"wrote a country song for my ex; its called: ""i'm missin' you, but my aim's gettin' better""  lmaooo i cudnt resist this one n if only          "
you have to go to the edge to see the view
"is american by birth and southern by the grace of god  what does this mean? i can say anything i want as long as i say: ""bless its heart"" "
the final words of every drunk redneck  hey watch this!
fw indecision havin broken ribs sux <propmale>! havent hurt or felt so alone  ages 
"so many time it happens, we live our lives in chains and never even kno we have the key "
palatka questn    ne gud playn at blue crab this year? i need a palatka fix n will deny sayn that 2 lol missn my kids terribly n gud ppl there wich ads up 2 mayb 2? lol jk i do miss every1 n tryn 2 get there 4 festival 
"feelin so nostalgic and missing my kids being little and wat life was like then   had a relapse n in alot of pain, jus from a sneezee  jus breathn is hard  like my dauhter used 2 say, we tough gurls!!"
ready to get my life back after wreck  its taken waaay 2 long and making me sad  i miss my kids and jus want to go back to palatka  not used to this feelin of sadness n lonliness when im usualy smiling thru it all 
my 15yo son juss got 2 missouri with ffa to help tornado vivtims  im sooo proud of him for doin this  told him he's gonna see such sadness and hoepfully he wont ever have to e playful erince it firsthand and hope this makes a differnce in his life for the go
"you can't always control who walks into your life, but you do decide which window to throw them out of "
"you can't always control who walks into your life, but you do decide which window to throw them out of "
i kno u no longer suffer and are at peace  i adore u and heartbroken i no longer will see u  ur kindness will forever stay in my heart and my time with u will never b forgotten  i am honored to have know u and touched by the wondrful woman u were  i take wth me all that and will treasure it always  i love u <propfemale> n god is taken care of u now 
never forget that when someone reaches out to you   they are reaching for a reason 
my last day n lakeland and emotional  thanks 2 every1 n will miss u terribly but cant stand being away from kids  accident screwed up alot n goin bak 2 get my life back!!!!!
8 inches  sad 
"i gotta say   ive got the best friends on the planet  and their the ones ive know all my life, no matter how far or how long b4 we talk, im blessed wit great ppl that i'll always love n <propfemale>!! thanks u guys n u kno who u r, for everything on my journey this past year  without u, i'd b lost  i love u all!!!!"
omg i made it 2 palatka! <propfemale> crawford ur my hero! only few hours til divorce finalized n da curse last name put on me is gone wit last name  woohoo n <propfemale> haaa!!!
"no1 fall over, i had 1 date in ages friday n  didnt meet online   4got how great it can b n movin bak 2 palatka has been best decision ive made n while  bein wit kids is my world n havn blast wit cool guy is refreshin aftr all da sadness last few months  i feel alive again!"
re indecision add---------- nas <propfirst> wants to be friends on face
<propfirst> burwell i could not ask for a better daughter!!! thank you <propfemale> much for hooking me up with <propfirst>! he is <propfemale> cute! your the best and my favroit!
"glad i didnt kno how it all wud go,the way it all wud end, i cud have missed da pain but id have 2 miss the dance "
got flat tire on 100 n its my spare lol ne1 near florahome that can rescue me please?!
take me away n then take me farther  hold me like holy water 
ive got one amazing friendship with the sweetest man  it's so refreshin and surprisin to b treated good without complications or e playful ectations  he cracks me up and js for that alone im keepin him  lol
i believe friendship is the sincerest form of love 
"ok, im not playn friends secrets again  i want to apologize n advance if i said sumtn bout anyone that seemed incorrect  stpid program was speedn so fast that i accidently hit answers i have no clue wat it said bcause arrow was still in place from previous answer  so whoever gets a crazyazz answer from me, its prob this error n not wat i actually answered "
"think about this for a minute  if i showed up on your doorstep crying, would you care? if i called and asked you to come pick me up because something happened, would you come? if i had one day left to live my life, would you be part of it? if i need a shoulder to cry on, would you <propfemale> me yours? life is lonely without friends  it's best friends week  if you agree, repost  smile  lets see who's a good friend"
"one gud thing being single, u still get those excited butterflys when ur dating someone cool  got one of those tonite and noone call my phone lololol"
"the nice thing being single still is, u get those excited butterflys when u have date with sumone cool  got one of thoswe tonite so no one call my phone lol"
help me heal this female <propmale> penguin! http annoyed  rescue ttgam es 31 100000375275975 5b7f
"wow!!! u all have made my day!!! thank u!! can't tell u how touched i am so many already have posted  i now know how it feels to receive bday wishes when its always my pleasure to wish each one on ur days  u dont kno how much u have helped make me feel better  have sum potential health issues with pituitary again and even tho its not my 1 rodeo,its scary  so u guys rock!!!! im teary as i say, i love u!!"
i want u all to kno the joy u gave my heart today  ur all special and blessed to have u in my life  i needed this today and it pulled me up and back to <propfemale>  whose sorry now?? lol jk  god bless u all and ur familys too  i wish i were with u tonite @ reunion and want to hear details!!!
"your son will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  it's son's week   if you have a son or sons who make your life worth living by just being around him, & if you're proud of your son, copy and paste to your status"
"it is entirely to q uiet  here  all da kids at nanas and friends have a life, so here i sit eating chinese and bitching on fb lol idle hands devil workshop??? who wants to take bets that <propfemale> will get into trouble before sun cums up??lmao wait   wrong <propfemale> and she doesnt exist now lol  where is my special friend? lol"
"i am not a patient woman  but, they say, anything worth having is worth waiting for n i know wat i'm waiting for is worth waiting but, daaaaammmmm, lol  trying 2 keep mind busy til wat i'm waiting for gets his azz back lol"
"for u <propfirst>    may i ask my facebook friends, wherever you may be , to kindly, copy, paste & share this status for 1 h0ur to support all those who have health problems, who are struggling , and just need to know that someone cares  do it for all of us , unfortunately no one is immune "
im in soooooo much trouble when kids wake up lmaooooo i love u guys!!!
"let's see who reads this fully    leave me a one word comment using the 3rd letter of your last name that best describes me  now it can only be one word  then copy and paste this to your wall so i can do the same  don't just comment and not repost, that's no fun!"
"omg is today realy over?? i mean, its tomarrow!!! yeee haa!! i pray i never ever have another day like yesterday  but, im still smiling sum how and thankful for that and the gud things in my life!!"
help me feed <propfirst>! http annoyed  rescue ttgam es 34 100000375275975 72e0
hacked by thje bestest girl <propfemale>!!! stop leaving your stuff up! <propfemale>! love ya!  smile 
re-post this if someone is alive simply because you did not want to go to prison 
"your friendsalta gray burwelli don't get mad when i see my ex with someone else  my momma always said ""when your done with your toys give them to someone less fortunate ~mac~ and more psycho approperiate!!!!!!"
"<propfemale> gray burwellyour friends<propfemale> gray burwelli don't get mad when i see my ex with someone else  my momma always said ""when your done with your toys give them to someone less fortunate ~mac~ and more psycho approperiate!!!!!!"
"<propfemale> gray burwell<propfemale> gray burwellyour friends<propfemale> gray burwelli don't get mad when i see my ex with someone else  my momma always said ""when your done with your toys give them to someone less fortunate ~mac~ and more psycho approperiate!!!!!!"
lmaoooooooo cudnt resist that !!!!
"<propfemale> gray burwelli don't get mad when i see my ex with someone else  my momma always said ""when your done with your toys give them to someone less fortunate ~mac~ and more psycho approperiate!!!!!!"
"can't change stupid, and can't negotiate with crazy"
"everyone you meet in your life teaches you a lesson   when they're gone, lesson's learned "
"need a hug !!!! to give me a hug please click ""like"" under this post, then copy and share to your status  i believe that i know who will want to hug me, and those who won't ! remember that once you click on ""like"", you must re-post this status on your wall  sure will be interesting to see how many of my friends will give me a hug by liking this post  (don't be shy, hugs are great"
"had the coolest picnic this morning with a special friend  left at 8am and been along time since doing something that fun, relaxing and did i say fun??"
help me heal this rough-toothed dolphin! http annoyed  rescue ttgam es 36 100000375275975 b6f1
"if we took a holiday   jus one day outta life it wud be sooo nice   time to celebrate   let love shine   and we will find, one day to come together to release the pressure  "
tooth pain is the worst pain 
"picture this   woman walking with mp3 and suddenly, down to the ground she goes  like slow motion, nuttin stoppin her and knees cut to hell and palms contrete bruised   well,, if u saw this today and didnt stop to laugh, i thank u!!!!"
at the college and got my ducks in a row to finish my degree!!!! yeaaaaaa haaaaaaaa
