"cause i just got paid, lets get laid!!!!  smile "
frusterated!!!!!! what a bitch!
"kiss me one last time, and bring me back to life"
la la la!!!! la la laaa! like my song?
this has been the worse summer i have ever had!!!! and the time i needed my best friend the most      she leaves me!!!!!! what the fuck????? all of them are the same!!!!!! i cant trust anyone!!!! so much fo best friends forever!!!!!!
 smile  happy!!!! im excited!
hehehehe im really happy!!!! but school is starting     and thats lame
why wonlt you tell me????  sad 
"we hold in our hearts the sword and the faith swelled up from the rain, clouds move like a wraith well after all, we'll lie another day and through it all, we'll find some other way to <propfemale> on through cartilage and fluid and did you come to stare or wash away the blood?"
"i am falling down, try and stop me, it feels so good to hit the ground, you can watch me, fall right on my face, it's an uphill human race, and i am falling down"
ahhhh!!!!! loose cow!!!! and thats why i dont like small towns! hahahaha
you ain't a juggalo yus a juggaho!!!!!
yoshi  smile 
hehehe
bored  
wow idk im alright now i jus need to rest 
"maybe, i'll be yours you'll be mine  smile "
remember me  smile 
damn it!
 smile  oh yeah  things are looking up     slowly  smile 
want something new to happen or do   smile 
this is stupid    i might cry
lame   i need a hug  and something fun to do   
"be very very good to me  playful  me i'm a scene, i'm a drama <propfemale>  i'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen  laugh "
boys like you love me forever  smile 
does anyone wanna <propfemale> out?  smile  need something fun to do!!
anybody?! wanna <propfemale> out with me and <propfemale>?  smile 
ah unnecessary distrust and confrontation of people    can't every one just be friends  smile 
"<propfemale> me today, guess i'm wishin my life away  with these things i'll never say"
is that too much that i'm asking for?
"kiss me gently  always i know  hold me, love me, don't ever go"
"don't get me wrong, i just need some time to play  playful "
this life is like a game sometimes
<propfemale> germanotta  smile 
does anyone wanna <propfemale> out tomorrow?! my days off have been boring so far!
"your gonna like the way you look, i garantee it  smile "
ug is another saturday gonna be wasted?  annoyed 
bored!  smile 
agh! your gonna get foot herpes!
my best friend means the world to me  smile 
guys can be such liars!
"in just 7 days, i can make you a man  smile "
had fun with <propfemale> and <propfemale> today  smile 
agh! just got hit on by a creeper!
i need something to do    like badly!  annoyed  anyone want to <propfemale> out?  smile 
die romantic
imagine there's no heaven
"sex, drugs and rock n roll  playful  lol"
i'm so bored
"want you to love me, like i'm a hot guy  playful "
someone text me!  smile  i is bored
pizza time  laugh  is all the time!!
oh my god! <propfemale> lavigne!  laugh 
i better find your heart
its all about being at the right place at the right time  well when am i going to be at the right place?
don't be a drag be a <propfemale>  smile 
god my stomach hurts so bad   :' 
my stomach problem is driving me crazy  it hurts so bad    sad  i don't wanna go to the hospital  
i need to stop being sick
"how does it feel, to be different from me?"
i don't like mean people  and i don't like being accused of lying  being yelled at when i dint do anything wrong  
"you, you may say i'm a dreamer  but i'm not the only one  i hope someday you'll join us  and the world will be as one  "
"i have no idea what you just, said but it was funny!  laugh "
ladies don't worry cause we got plenty more  they fallin like the rain so we aint runnin out  oh its raining men girl what you worried bout?  playful 
"a crazy house, with my white jacket on  won't you come and sign me out?  playful "
"oh, so surreal"
'why's that matter? i'm adopted ' 'what?! oh my god! who told you?!?' hahaha  laugh  cracks me up!
a is for awesome  laugh 
the silence of the goats
"silicone, saline, poison, inject me"
hannibal the cannibal
don't cloud burst and drive!  playful 
fuck!
lookin for love not an empty <propfemale>
text me if ya wanna talk  playful 
"jesus christ walks into a hotel  he hands the hotel guy 3 nails, and he asks, will you put me up for tonight?"
final fantasy  laugh 
just put your paws up  smile 
 playful  hehe
i'm just a goof looking for my ball  laugh 
someone from vegas tried to hack on to my account  annoyed 
"if you like someone and don't have any history with them, make history"
this life is like a game sometimes
want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world  smile 
anything but ordinary  smile 
had fun tonight  playful  <propfemale> is fun  glad <propfemale> got to see her sister finally!
love is the closest thing we have to magic  smile 
"at first everything looks nice, but if you look twice, you can see its all lies"
 annoyed 
"tell me something that'll save me, need a man that makes me all right"
my martini glistens yeah! while checken out other guys  playful 
i want someone to hold me  make me feel loved  make me feel special  i want someone to love me
 annoyed  its hard to find love
"'maybe someday, i'll be yours you'll be mine'"
"we were given two hands to hold, two eyes to see, two legs to walk, two ears to hear  but why only one heart? to find the other person to give it too "
maybe i'm a little crazy  playful 
got a book i wanted for awhile  laugh  mein kampf!!!
dating? my complete lack to lure shot that horse in the face 
im starting to think its not worth it anymore     i'm not worth it 
i wanna hold your hand  smile 
why is sex called sleeping with? your not actually sleeping  in fact your doing the opposite 
"all i ever wanted was for you to know, everything i do i give my heart and soul"
"you held my and and walked me home, i know, why you gave me a that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh"
"try to to tell me what i shouldn't do  you should know by now, i won't listen to you  walk around with my hands, up in the air  cause i don't care  i'm alright i'm fine, just freak out let it go!  laugh   love "
where are the hopes where are my dreams? my <propfemale> story scene!
i thirsty!  smile 
"walked by someones house, in the window was a fat naked man eating a sammich    awesome"
you will always be my black <propfemale>
bath time for the pups  smile 
"you can take, my breath away"
ooh i don't feel good  annoyed 
"the reason i love you is you, being you, just you   smile "
<propmale> crimes
"and as the time goes by i hope you realize, if you ask me to, i just might be with you"
this really sucks  
i feel like bleh  
m33p!
p  <propmale> 42 wallaby way      <propfirst>
"don't abuse your animals or neglect then  if you can't take care of them, you shouldn't have them  please call the police if an animal is being treated this way"
i feel wrong 
everybody hurts some days  
today is gonna be another bad day  i can just tell
"what is it with you that makes me act like this? i never been this nasty  but baby i don't mean it, i mean it"
"keep holding on, cause you know we'll make it threw, we'll make it threw"
sooo i'm nothing  you take something from me and now you disapear- kitte
sun doesn't rise at all  who knows how far i'll fall-shroomhead
bleh
i feel awful  sad 
fuck the pain away    fuck the pain away
 sad  its just not right    i don't wanna be alone 
things will never be the same
"if i hold you, just for today  i'm not gonna wanna let go      sad   i can't stand to here you say goodbye"
i don't wanna look back  cause we have something the past could never change       sad   don't let me go cause you have my soul
cause i'm 4 real are you 4 real? i can't help myself its the way i feel    
your always on my mind    i talk about you all the time 
this feelings i can't take no more  this emptiness in the bottom drawer  its getting harder to pretend 
ouch     just got told i was ugly   sad   sad 
gay pride  smile  love who you wanna love
<propmale> oh <propmale>! where <propmale> thou?
sit and watch me burn!  playful 
^-^ i love you
wish i could be one of the cool kids
is lonely 
"i'm the type of person who falls for personality  idc if your boy, girl, black, white, asian, gangster, punk, sporty, <propmale> or poor, saying the 3 words i mean it"
darkness has pushed threw my vains again
lmao my dog just meowed  what the hell?  laugh 
i is kinda bored and lonely  annoyed 
"hey, do you feel? do you feel me? do you feel what i feel? do you need? do you need me?"
rocko's modern life  smile 
glad its friday
ah! my sqweeile spooch!  annoyed 
"<propfemale> the bastard, <propfemale> him high! hoist his body to the sky   laugh "
go away! we're closed! lmao!  laugh 
i feel sick   sad 
i love my cat  smile  always lays with me when i don't feel good
i love my best friend  smile  she gonna be with me when i get surgery
going to the hospital  wish me luck  annoyed 
everybody hurts somedays  its okay to be afraid 
damn! damn! damn! what i'd to to have you here  i wish you were here 
wish i had my own computer
taint
happy birthday gaga  love 
aw why does my neighbor get two big dogs   sad  not fair  me wants the <propmale> shepherd!
oh my god! <propfemale> lavigne  laugh 
find me somebody to love  smile 
i hurt sooo bad  
owwy  sad 
meh  
would you comfort me?
"if you ask me to, i just might be with you  smile "
my mind playin tricks on me
:{ cant move 
figures  annoyed 
its the heart against the brain  
doghouse  
i don't understand why my world is falling apart  stiching it back together is all i ever do 
"feels rejected, lonely, scared and lost "
"if you wake up tomorrow without me, would you be better off?"
every story worth telling begins with <propfemale> and i  your my best friend 
"and yet i wonder, if your slipping from my fingers "
tuesday is <propfemale> far away  frowny 
this is were nightmares become realities   
i'm your terror  i'm your nightmare 
here lately keeps getting worse and worse 
sometimes i just want to never wake up   like now
i can't handle this anymore   i can't wait til i leave this town  it can be so lonely
i've made up my mind  its your turn to step up now 
i think i'm in trouble   
this is the worst feeling of my life  
"realizes i'm not a bad person   laugh  i can do this  kick my depression with my brother, mom and best friend <propfemale> by my side  'they' just need time to think "
i can do bad all by myself  playful 
"i like this movie  smile  i don't need no one to put me down, to make me frown just makes me look older  i'll worry about me  you worry about you "
you cannot help anybody when your lost  you need somebody to care about you to tell you your worth it  smile 
i'll just stay positive  smile 
nervous about surgery  wish me luck  smile 
"i am cupid, god of love  i come from the stars above  smile "
touch my light sabor <propmale>  laugh  haha
love is a game  games should be fun 
"i need a job  save up for a canon camera   smile  and computer, and born this way  laugh "
maybe just maybe  smile 
oh no! i got a fever! o o
i will make my own <propfemale>  smile 
the more you drink the better i look  playful 
wish i had a computer to watch gaga television  annoyed 
maybe i'm just    pure evil hehehe
pain is a game we all gotta play  but why am i still in over time?
dumb like a moose  laugh 
just want you to know i love you for being you  smile 
she's jealous  this has nothing to do with jelly!! laugh  haha
love lady gaga! and <propfemale> lavigne!  love  my heros
you gonna make biscuts? you gonna make biscuts?! youuu gonna make biscuts?!?  laugh 
frail human organs!!!
baby i was born this way  laugh 
"maybe you needa find something to make you happy, i'm just not that something"
 annoyed  bored and kinda needing to sociallize
hey whats your name? 'momma' hey! thats my mom's name too  laugh 
everythings changing everywhere i go all outta my control  
why is it that the only people talking to me now are perverts?
i'm feeling kinda low  sad 
fml   
when i said i wanted to miss you i dint say i wanted to nearly destroy are friendship   
"i don't need no one to bring me down, can't get no lower  i can do bad all by myself"
i can't pretend to be something that i'm not  and i won't wear a mask  i just can't play a part 
ug  i feel sick   sad  i'm gonna go back to bed
ug
shower felt good  but i still don't  annoyed 
my hero  smile  <propfemale> lavigne  she's amazing!
"i'll always be here for you, always "
<propfemale>'s music makes everything better  laugh 
these feelings i can't take no more  this emptiness in the bottom drawer  -<propfemale>  smile  is simply bliss
it's a waste of my time lately and i'm runnin outta words  smile 
i don't give a damn bout my bad reputation  playful 
i do everything better with music  its dumb we can't listen during school 
i don't care if you think i'm strange  playful  i'm not gonna change
please say there's no regrets  please say you won't forget 
can't bring me down!  laugh  i'm in a good mood and you can't stop me now!
i feel sorry for you  i really do  stop pushing me away 
its time for you to come back  i miss the old you  the true you 
<propfemale> go round  <propfemale> go round  why do i keep hitting the ground?-me
of course not    sad 
"if you don't like me for who i am, well then you don't like me for who i am, but all your gonna get is who i am "
through thick and thin   
hahahaha surf nazis
just woke up  i feel horrible
i hate when people dis on <propfemale> lavigne - - she's amazing!  laugh  don't call her a sleeve    
sleeze i meant lol!
my house was egged last night o o
"i don't need no one to bring me down, i'm on the ground  can't get no lower"
do you beleive in <propfemale>?                                 i used too   
things aren't the same and i'm ready for change
you'll always be my hero  even though you lost your mind   
"really considering online schooling next year, maybe math would be easier i hope"
i don't know what i'd do without my cat   smile  i love yuffie so much
think i have a new hero  laugh 
i'ma do whatever it takes to turn this around   smile 
wow! my horoscope is 100 percent true! freaky  
gonna get ice cream  smile  ice cream makes everything better! thanks <propfirst>!
whatever it takes  smile 
"you're enjoying this, aren't you?"
"this exactly what happened last time, and its not what we deserve "
horoscope today- loved ones must be givin the space to be themselves  you need breathing room too  its good to be joined at the heart  not at the hip   smile 
i'm hoping this is a short thing!  laugh  day 9and14 of my 30 day things are so true!
"we keep puttin salt on these wounds  it hurts, but in the end they will heal   love "
so this is me    not giving up  trying to make things right   love 
realizing sumting!!! i must tell you when your ready! your amazing and i love you  laugh 
have to meet the surgeon tomorrow   
i can't wait  smile 
i can't help myself its the way i feel   smile 
"when my worlds crashing down, when i fall and hit the ground, i will turn myself around  you can't get in my way!  smile "
"do you beleive in miricles? i do, lets make one happen   love "
i think about the little things that make life great  love 
she's jealous    this has nothing to do with jelly!!!  surprise  hahaha  smile  cracks me up!
i'm nervous 
i wish my best friend was here   i may not be hers but she is still mine    i miss you terribly
my sickness made me lose 7 pounds
what kills me is that i hurt you this way  the worst part is that i dint even know
i'd give you my soul but i already sold it 
"there are somethings you have to learn, things i have to learn  but you shouldn't of gave up so early  we have yet to find ourselves  i can't figure this out "
"okay, so monday is my surgery day    i'm scared  and wish someone important to me would be there  i mean there will be, but i mean a certain someone  "
the things i do for the people i love   
if i could have one more day with either you or <propmale>    i'd chose you    honest 
we are all pink on the inside  love 
i'd do anything for you
been having nightmares    alot  sad 
i can't give up     thats the one thing you ever asked of me   to never give up   
i've fallen so far from the place i start from
more nightmares   
"your stuck on the idea i'm a horrible person  its time for you to listen to me  i know when you get an idea in your head, its hard to get it out   "
what the hell  laugh 
la la lalalala la la lalalala la  playful 
moments like these are priceless  love   smile 
everyones gonna say what they wanna say! never gets better anyway  playful 
the chickens are treated so well  playful  they lay their eggs to the sound of music
i got my own black cloud  playful 
"i learned that i can grow  laugh  but i guess, you just don't wanna know "
he makes me smile  smile 
realizing why i went psycho  stopping my meds ruined everything  gah
i am sancho!  playful 
im sooo lost  ready to move away   
see where the truth has gotten me? damn 
wow!
there is hope!!!  laugh dd  love  gonna get my ging back!!!!!
she's amazing! this is the first step to recovory! im so proud!  love 
 smile  had fun with my friend today
man my squidile spooch hurts!
i never have been and i never shall be
"after all, i am my own harshest cridict"
"no matter how far away we are, we're thinking about eachother"
maybe its not what it seems anymore  have i lost my mind? is this where my nightmare becomes a reality?
people gonna do what the hell they want anyways   
that voice in my head  well it sure as hell wants me dead  that voice in my heart won't even start 
one last breath
"idk    i dont feel right, in more ways than one"
some girls should come with a warning with a small dose of penicillin for the sting in the morning
haha this guy cracks me up! did i ever tell you i was struck by lighting 7 times? once when i was walking my dog
some things you never forget
some people were born more fortunate than others  but even a palace can be a prison 
"teach me, so i not wish to think"
spagetti  smile 
your lips give my thy urge  give me my sin again 
"feels sad,sick, and wrong  but cheerful thoughts, i try to have"
a reminder from my past  reminds me of when i needed help 
i don't know whats going on! some whore attacked some other whore!  laugh  bahaha
 sad 
i needs something to do today  annoyed 
i'm not sure this is snoop  it could be one eyed pea or 38cents   laugh  bahaha
"freak out let it go! already freaked, now time to let it go  smile "
i'm having a good day  smile 
sleepy! tomorrow is my surgery  sad 
"i'm not sure you know  but the reason i love you is you, being you  just you   smile "
bleh  
had a nightmare last night  woke up gasping 
so i'm hurt    and scared 
i hate crying    
this hurts so bad right now    
scariest day of my life tomorrow  i just wanted you to be here  thats low 
i guess i'm not that important to you anymore 
i'm gonna be your number one  smile 
hope things go ok tomorrow  and i see you  smile  that'd make things better  i'm terrified 
i'm done trying  i'm not giving up but i'm not gonna even try 
today is the day  getting ready to go soon 
thank you to those who wish me luck this morning  it means alot to me  i'm so nervous 
what a tiring day
"but i guess, you just don't wanna know "
okay then
can't even walk to the damn bathroom myself  it hurts  i don't like this  worse pain ever   
and yet i wonder    what went wrong? i see now 
my feelings are hurt  but i guess its time 
if you really don't care i'll pack my shit and leave
guess this is you saying goodbye
you never realize how good you feel until you feel bad
just know that i love you
"if this is the end, i'd like to know  but its been kinda harsh  i'll always love you "
we enterupt this program to bring you loud static  playful 
where did i go wrong
beleive in yourself  smile 
i hope  smile  never give up 
"came out to meet you, tell you i need you  you don't know how lovely you are   "
sick of the way you been talking to me  sick of the way you been talking to me  i gotta stay positive now  smile 
won't stand for you treating me badly anymore! especially when i'm so sick
family isn't about blood  family is about who you care about 
i hate when my mom goes to the bar
i'm sick   sad 
wow! i'm tired of you treating me like shit 
i'm not trying to fight with you  your trying to fight with me 
i tried to make it better more than once  so don't blame it on me 
a little stress realif  smile  we needed that
cant wait til tomorrow  playful 
i had a blast  laugh 
i scared! what if a tornado comes! o o
"-- the normal boobs(   )(   ), the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) the perfect boobs (o)(o)  some boobs are cold (^)(^), and some boobs belong to grandmothers \  \   and let’s not forget the very large boobs (  y  ), and very small boobs ( )( ), and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•)( )  we love them all! post this message on your wall and say ???(?_?)??? to breast cancer  save the tatas!!!!!"
"i'm not sure you knowthat the reason i love you, is youbeing you, just youyea the reason i love youis all that we've been throughand that's why i love you"
"scars wounds i'm bruised watch me bleed i'm your beauty, beauty fiend once again without perfect teeth i begin the dream as i sleep soon i've sinned my skin is still thick my mouth as always is brutally honest at my calmest"
oh no!  sad  i have noone to help me with homework!
damn    i need help with chemistry 
so aparently i'm very neurotic  but has emotional depth that others lack
when you look with your eyes everything seems nice but if you look twice you can see its all lies
"no one has to know, this is a private show"
<propfemale> 'i have multiple personalluties! only one of us can talk right' lmao
i miss the old <propfemale> <propfirst>  sad  she's different now    what happened? what happened to the <propfemale> <propfirst> i looked up to?
oh my god just remembered my cat catching on fire eeek that was scary
"all us juggalos and juggaletts, the truth we hold all the love our family brings, never cold  pass the axe to the right into our eyes a greater light  we"
hell yeah! i can do anything if i keep my mind to it  laugh 
home is where the ghetto's at  laugh 
will this ever end? i still don't feel good  sad   sad 
i'll never find another dog like <propmale>  he was the best  i want to remember the good times  smile  i love you <propmale>! r i p 
are we distancing from each other?
"so you say its not okay to be gay, well i think your evil  fuck you! fuck you very very much!  smile "
miley totally copied <propfemale>!  sad  not cool
when am i gonna leave this town  its tearing me apart  im trapped in a world different than mine 
just call me wicked     wink 
shall i give you despair?
"tell me something that will save me, i need a man that makes me alright"
i don't feel good  sad  and i'm hungry my mom is at the bar once again
the rabbits are coming horay horay the rabbits are coming horay horay!
going to otep today  laugh 
ooooh boy!!!!  playful 
deep scars in our hearts and minds of the lost soul in up all
i am a traitor of myself 
pizza  laugh 
aww <propmale> is dreaming and barking faintly  smile  how cute i love dogs
i am a robot
nobody wants to <propfemale> out  sad   sad 
i'm bored  someone text me  laugh 
you and me could write a bad romance
i am bored
"i'm so ugly, thats okay cause so are you"
omg! i fell in love with a rat terrier  laugh  i want one
my head hurts but thats ok  smile  can't wait for my mashed potatoes  smile 
don't dream it  be it
yaaaaay  smile  <propfirst>!!!!! my new puppy is soooooo freakin adorable!!!!! love him so much!  smile 
 love  you make me smile
so happy  smile 
"cause i love the way you call me baby, and you take me the way i am"
"forever in your heart, forever we make the part  love "
"baby now that were alone gotta request, would you make me number one on your playlist?"
off to work  smile 
i'm so tierd  smile  but this trip should be fun ha its a little scary with sav driving  smile 
 smile  happy day i am so on my diet it sucks
"be strong be strong now, too many too many problems, broken inside"
lady gaga and <propfemale> manson!!!!! that remix was insane!!!!!  smile   love 
fucking prick! you are such an asshole    don't know how to treat a lady   sad 
is thinking         november 17th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
pokemon  smile 
whats wrong with e e ? (she dies) <propfemale>?! talk to me!!! lmao  laugh 
"i wanna roll with him, a hot pair we will be, a little gambling is fun when your with me"
 laugh  cloud strife
he is so special  smile  i love him  love 
pizza time  smile  all the time
"r burn out this candle baby, baby"
love lady gaga  laugh 
you can't have my couch!!
awww i love my new puppy <propfirst>  smile 
ooooh! intense! i'm playing final fantasy and yuffie (my <propfemale>) is totally watching it  laugh 
"your my rockstar in between the sets, eyeliner and cigarettes"
eww mountain dew float sounds gross lol
everything keeps going wrong    i'm so sad  sad  why? its so stupid!
he's totally gay and she's totally a lesbian  smile  and yet they are together  smile  haha haha
let's make a sammich  laugh 
sleepy and missing <propfemale>
"i sure as hell could use somebody, i'm lonely i could use a homie"
excited  laugh  goodbye lullaby  laugh 
excited to go to branson  smile  i'm so tired lol
i want doritos or something!
lets make a sandwich  smile  again
wird fortgesetzt    
 love  and you take me the way i am  smile 
otep was amazing  laugh   laugh   laugh  she waved and smiled at me!!! she has an adorable dog  laugh  so cute! otep is so cute!  laugh 
got the new pokemon soul silver version for the ds  smile  it's bad ass
you know i appreciate the finer things but its not what makes me happiest baby (i can do without it babe) your tender lovings more than i can handle neve
might get my mobile internet takin away real soon  sad 
soooooooo bored!
agh! attack of the kitties  smile  i'm super excited to go to branson!
once upon a time   
agh my knee hurts so bad! it'll be screwed up for the rest of my life probably
1 of my goals in life: meet <propfemale> lavigne
<propfemale> lavigne  laugh  oh yeah
tonight will be fun
"she broke my heart, i'm over it but the pain and shadow still haunts the one i love now"
"you say reach for the stars, all i can grab is air"
my stomach hurts so bad  sad  but that was some nummy chocolate milk  smile 
<propmale> got me sick gotta love the little guy though i had to hug him  smile  love my cousin
feeling great  smile 
"don't call someone a faggot, thats degrading to other homosexuals  besides the broad before you might happen be a faggot"
let's make a sandwich  smile 
cant be too careful
trying to get a kitten for my girlfriend  smile 
i am very happy  laugh 
oh my god!!! my cat just caught on fire!  sad  but she's okay  smile 
<propfirst> is so cute  smile  i love my puppy!
"man! i get goose bumps even if i just watch <propfemale> play live on youtube  laugh  just wait til i go to one of her concerts  laugh  i'll ball my eyes out  laugh  my hero, <propfemale>"
i was reffered to some state person with a pagent thingy? how cool  smile  i could do things i'm going to raise money for it so i can do it next year  smile  it'll
yum watermelon
geez  
anybody want a dog? he needs a home with lots of attention very sweet message me if interested
i'm really missing <propfemale>
this first night in branson was stressful but six was amazing  smile  thats a great rythem band
bring it on
show me your teeth
mess yeah the girl is stressed
i'm so bored  
"nothings going right, and everythings a mess"
fuck this  
i'll paint the sky purple for you  smile 
"love is a verb  you have to show you love each other, you have to do it  verb, its what you do "
"i'm more than just an option, refuse to be forgotten  love "
"i am as vain as i allow  i do my hair, i gloss my eyes, i touch myself all through the night"
the next time you make a mistake it may be a good thing because without improfection neither me or you would exist
i wanna go back to sleep
"running in squares, here i go again lol"
finding a true friend is so hard  i myself had only two in the whole world  my first i lost touch with a while back  much clown love to her  and now i have my best friend and only real friend in wellsville  <propfemale>  keep the real friends you have  don't fuck it up like an idiot  true friends are a treasure 
can't wait to eat solid foods again  all this ice cream is makin me fat lol!
one pokemon i don't like    magicarp     they are so annoying!!!
bring the violence!!!
"we've got a red light, pornographic dance fight"
does your pretty face see what he's worth  playful 
"there are many things i'd like to say to you, but i don't know how"
<propfemale> lavigne is simply amazing   
"shallow waters in the heavens above, have no sympathy for the decaying heart"
what can you do with a drunken hillbilly?      wink 
whoo! i lost 7 1 pounds!!  laugh 
"soooo, let's build a snowman and make him are best friend  we can name him <propmale> or we can name him <propfirst>  we can make him tall or we can make him not so tall  smile "
i may be burning down in flames but you'll burn with me!
once opon a time from the mind of your loneliness
i am extreamly happy  smile  i miss him already
i'm gonna beat you potato!! i'm gonna eat you! get back here! - <propfirst>
milka i love milka
lady gaga and <propfemale> lavigne are amazing!!!  laugh 
"are one, we never die share the love, as we cry  mcl"
lesson: don't lie to oprah!
answered a question on friend facts™
"some girls won't dance to the beat of the track, she won't walk away but she won't look back  she looks good but her boyfriend says she's a mess she's a"
i'm sparkley  laugh 
look at all these posers bite a swagger like a great white
ha she's definatly my cat  smile  picking up a knife and what not  smile 
eh eh nothing else i can say
tomorrows a new day
ich kann es nichet   
"okay, i'm kinda freaked out about the whole thing about the world is gonna end 2012 and fish and birds randomly dying    ag!!!"
oh my god! <propfemale> lavigne!  laugh 
karate <propfemale>  smile 
my pokemon hugged me  smile 
my poor baby puppy deago is missing his brother <propmale>    sad  he's going through depression
im safe up high nothing can touch me  
breakable breakable boys and girls 
i know all i see all i tell all     for a price  smile 
ewww the dog ate the skunk!
so my dream last night was so awesome  smile  i wish it were real
meowth that's right  wink 
3-8-11    i'm waiting <propfemale>    your my hero  save my life once again  love 
ug at work with a <propmale> headache
agh! i wanna go to the mall again  smile  he's so cute
i love lemon bars!
its the peanuts guys!
thank you <propfemale> lavigne and lady gaga  smile  thank you for being there at crappy times like this  laugh  love you girls
"my mind is blowin up with rage  my heart is breaking, i'm locked in this cage   can't escape cause i'm feelin lost  can't escape with my feelins tossed-dalaney"
won't at least admit it  why do they never admit it?
don't know what to do
cant sleep  tomorrow is friday  nothin to do this weekend  lame lol!  smile 
this is a top secret zone     no peeking  smile 
this is driving me crazy   sad  i don't know how much longer i can take it  every single day  over and over again 
can't sleep  sad  and i have to get up and work at 8
i'm in the mood for some final fantasy  smile 
"your eyes are bright  the <propfemale> is full in the dead of night  this you should know, that i love you so   love  - laney"
i'm begging for affection
you all laugh at me because i'm different  i laugh at you because your all the same 
"i'm happy and yet got a lot of things on my mind  hmmm  smile  whoo <propfemale>, pokemon and final fantasy  smile  go nerds!!!"
lady gaga  smile  she's my hero  laugh  her and <propfemale> lavigne
who wants to come with me and hide in the sky?  love 
omg lady gaga  laugh  can't wait! gonna try to go to her concert in august  laugh 
want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world  like i'm the only one that you'll ever love  like i'm the only one who knows your heart   love   love 
waiting for the perfect moment  smile 
"tell me something that'll save me, i need a man that makes me feel alright"
i heard her angel like voice  the recording of the best <propfemale> in the world
was it something i did was it something you said?
going to my first job
your a fat persons snack!
<propfemale> lavigne  smile 
great! mom's in the hospital  sad 
i'm so stressed    ugh! stupid water and cat and everything!  annoyed  miserable    glad to see my brother today  smile 
and this is where everything slowly fades away  
7 pies!!!!
"do you know what you need? an ak47, it'll take care of the problem-lady gaga  wink "
my mom is gonna pick her up
in it for the fame
i bet you dint know i'm really a black man with mad b ball skills
i  love  nerds  smile 
gotta love cloud  smile  so amazing
gonna eat soup and try to get better  sad  needing to snuggle  smile  and watch a movie
i like you alot lot think your really hot hot  laugh   i love that song
forever forget this quiet soul  in our minds we lost control  caress the inner heart  in her mind we fall apart 
mmm hot chocolate  laugh 
pimp my pup!
"""why should i care what other people think of me? i am who i am  and who i wanna be "" -<propfemale> lavigne   smile "
bored outta my mind  cant sleep  waiting for something exiting to happen   smile  cant wait to see my nerd boy  love   love 
yay hair cut soon!  laugh 
i'm so bored someone text me!
wish i could shut my playboy mouth
system of a down! fuck yeah!  laugh 
another lonely night  mom's at the bar and i'm stuck at home   sad  looking pretty crapy so far
you and me could write a bad romance! want your bad romance!!!
"faggot, a word harshly used all the time  in the bible meaning the gays are going to hell  um   see why i get offended?"
nirvana  smile  i loves it!
eh eh there's nothin else i can say     smile 
playin pokemon  smile 
november 17!!! omg omg omg!!! i cant freakin wait!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
omg! new real non walmart shoes!!!  laugh 
"spinnin round with mixed feelings, crazy and wild  everythings changing out of what i know "
i'm bored someone text me  smile 
i do not feel good  im goin back into a deep slumber   smile  see you all friday at school lol
tell me something that will save me i need a man who makes me all right 
why wont facebook log me in on my fone but the computer it works just fine???!!!!?!?!?!?!? > sad  i dont even have a computer!!!!
ima take a walk  smile 
okay you have ten seconds to tell the truth or you'll be set on fire?
sooo im bored! lol  smile 
i am as vain as i allow  i do my hair  i gloss my eyes  i touch myself all through the night  and when something falls out of place i take my time i put it back
what are some <propfemale> lavigne quotes?
rock it! its good to be yourself 
is worried about <propmale>
"life is too short to settle, be unhappy, or not do the things you wanna do"
she found a foot in my fridge     and things got nuts!                                  lmao
r i p  my baby <propmale>    my puppy sense i was 7  frowny 
lets make a sandwich  laugh  love lady gaga
i'm so upset   
damn!! thats fucking ridiculous!!!
ranger <propmale> is in love!
i don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence
"our hair is perfect while we're all getting shit wrecked, its automatic <propfemale>, but we got no money"
he makes me smile  laugh 
going to funeral stuff today and ending saturday night   annoyed  not fun  r i p  <propfirst> and <propfirst>  i love you  may you fly with angels in a world not forgotten 
"sepiroth, have you lost weight?"
omg!! <propfemale> in wonderland! totally woke up at six to go buy it! excitement!!!  laugh 
"if you're diffedrent,embrace it don't be afraid to e playful eriment with your fashion if you want to do somethin different and go with a certain style or vibe-"
russian roulette is not the same without a gun
taint  
run run her kiss is a vampire grin the <propfemale>  lights her way while she's howlin at him
<propfemale> michaelson is amazing  laugh 
i'm having another bad day    tryin to stay positive  you mean so much to me  smile      i love you boy
<propfemale>'s mom:why are you doing that? <propfemale>: because it's fun!  laugh  hahaha omg! she's so cute!
lady gaga is so funny  laugh  i love her
<propfemale> lavigne  laugh 
ich liebe dich
<propfemale> aguilera is totally copying lady gaga!!! its angers me! she'll never be as good as her!
i am as vain as i allow
where are the hopes where are my dreams my <propfemale> story scene
"you know that i want you  and you know that i need you, i want it bad, bad romance"
final fantasy  laugh  simply wonderful!
baby its worth my while to make you smile   love 
i'm in a constant russian roulette
want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world! like i'm the only one that you'll ever love!  love 
haha that makes me laugh  laugh 
i just love when people fuck with my mind!!! grr     annoyed 
"you held my hand and walked me home, i know why you gave me that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh  smile "
"all we care about is runway models, cadilacs and liqour bottles"
you cant have my couch!!!!
mr  miller is a bad teacher  i am gonna try to transfer outta that class  i have never stressed out this much over school work   lol
just gonna stand there and watch me burn
gaga  laugh 
<propmale> is doing better today  smile  i'm happy  i love my puppy
i thought i heard his bark  annoyed 
i hate it when i finally get to sleep and get a prank call then i can't get back to sleep   annoyed  wtf?! i've been awake sense 12 and only got 20 <propfemale>  of sleep  sad 
the things you should've known    you don't get me at all
 smile  he's so sweet
ooh sexy mama!  wink 
that boy is a monster  he ate my heart  he ate my heart 
"up until now i had sworn to myself that im contint with loneliness, cause non of it was worth the risk, but you are the only exeption   "
they did it with thier highly potent space jizz  laugh  hahaha
oh oh christmas my christmas tree's delicious  playful 
deal with your own creation
<propmale> saves  love  music is my life
nyer
"tonight was fun, although the high heels hurt my feet and i almost fell lol! something was missing though "
sonic is good  smile 
"got sick at school, i'm bored might go back to sleep if i can"
amber: i love this song! me: what is it? amber: i don't know  me: (confused look) amber: no! its the name of the song! lmao
freakin jenova's head!!!
"all we care about, runway models, cadilacs and liqour bottles"
why must things be so complicated    i want your ugly i want your disease i want your everything as long as its free i want your love
why are guys so lame?  annoyed 
guess who my favorite two singers are in the whole world?  laugh 
simply spectacular
<propfemale> lavigne  smile  what more can i say about this beautiful goddess  laugh 
<propfemale> fan forever  smile 
my puppies are so cute!!! otep and luca  smile 
going home  smile  i miss my baby <propfemale>  those mornings were lonely without her running to greet me when i wake up  smile  she's so cute
take off all your preppy clothes    you look like a fool to me     laugh  love that song
show me your vamp
i've fallen so far away from the place i start from
live and let die
i'm breakin dishes off yo head all night    i won't stop until i see police lights   
outta my mind and confused but good  smile 
i need <propmale> so much right now   
final fantasy <propfemale> lavigne lady gaga and chicken  smile  life's good
i never have family or anything go to my chior concerts  my mom never goes or anything  not cool  
ich vermisse dich
herpes no fun! hey forcefeed cause nobody can hear you! a sharp fight one and you better give up! buys paste there was the nast of all i stab my give backs!
beautiful and dirty dirty <propmale> <propmale> beautiful and dirty <propmale>
if you dint wanna get carjacked then you shouldn't of bought a car
agggg!!!! that <propfemale> <propfemale> poster!!!! grr     lmao <propfemale> aniston is wayyyy better!  love   laugh 
pikachu!  laugh 
eeyore  smile 
i'm looking for love not an empty <propfemale>  don't want no paper gangsta! not interested in fakers! someone who's got the flava! don't want no paper gangsta
i'm looking for love not an empty <propfemale>  don't want no paper gangster  smile 
boring weekend!! lol!
i'm gonna exercise more
i don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence    the quiet scares me because it speaks the truth 
like chewing on pearls
i won't give in to that hunger burning deep inside me  i'll never be 
copy this to your status and see what people rate you    (1) ghetto (2) wish we wentout (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable (6) crazy (7) i want you ( smile  spoiled (9) great person (10) wild (11) funny (12) beautiful (13) mature (14) i'd take u home to mom (15) wish i had your# (16) weird (17) honest (1 smile  freak (19) slut
ich langweile meich
hold me and love me  love 
tanz partie!!!  laugh 
not interested in fakers  smile 
blitzball  laugh 
i'm so confused!
look beyond what you see
let's make a sandwich  laugh 
if you can afford me  smile 
love can touch just one time but last for a life time  smile  looking for a special someone
all i wanted was you  love 
you are as silly as you are mine  love 
already drained from two of the four days of funeral stuff   i hate disrespectful people   annoyed  no respect at all was shown today 
 love  what can i say?  smile  your beautiful and you don't even know it
"i love that lavender blonde, the way she walks the way she moves     love "
 laugh  oh my god! <propfemale> lavigne!  laugh  she's so awesome!!!
i really don't want school to start tomorrow  sad  i'm not ready for that shit
i am a hopeless romantic  love 
just gave my hamster mr  <propmale> a bath  laugh  he's so cute
deago approves of the new puppies  smile 
hold me and love me  love 
this is my world of chaos
is lonely
school tomorrow  sad  so lame  confused about some things    fuck!
"why does everybody keep dying?  sad  its so depressing    r i p  <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst> maslack, cousin <propfirst>     frowny  you all are missed"
don't feel good   sad  don't wanna get up for school
i found myself in wonderland
this has been the worse summer of my life! bring it on! what else is gonna go wrong?! who else is gonna be a jerk?! i'll be strong! i'll get by 
i love you boy!  smile   love 
if only you could imagine what i do  maybe you'd understand and see things a different way 
so happy i could die
damn the lightning hit right outside    scarey shit    i thought a bomb went off   playful  it was fucking awesome!!!!
the dead dance all around me
sideaffects could include we'll scare the life right out of you!!
yay go gaga  laugh  won the best female artist video award  laugh  love you mother monster! we're the cool kids at the party  laugh 
why did the blonde jump off the building?       to see if the maxi pad had wings  hahaha
ich habe hunger!  smile 
is bored  someone text me  smile 
your so obvious  your so oblivious  playful  so don't apologize  you don't even realize
"tell me somethin that'll save me, i need a man who makes me alright"
"<propfemale>'s grandma ""this is it ladies "" me ""thats what miceal <propmale> said  and aparently it really was it!"" lmao"
gay pride!!! taste the fuckin rainbow!!!  playful 
see that thing thats not clothing? make it clothing!!!
ug    i hate bein yelled at   my mind is so sensitive right now   
im trying to lure evil into my world      > smile 
you are the only exeption  love 
boy you better learn   
yummy  smile  my fortune is hershey's  laugh 
so contagious  smile 
gotta get up get up and      fight back!
<propfemale> <propfemale> boom boom
"<propfemale> lavigne, lady gaga, otep, <propfemale> michaelson    my favorite artists but each are so very different from each other lol!"
hope is the best medicine around
i want your love and i want your revenge
agh! my hair is so light and fluffy and pretty!  laugh 
fucking ridiculous!! my mom told me to go to school today and guess what?!? its just for the freshmen! ug! fml   
"unclean, filthee i can't get his scent off of me"
so bored    lol
yummy chicken noodle soup  smile 
 smile  excited for the weekend
cute but dangerous  one wrong move could be the end of things    
yuffie is a badass  smile 
imagine
"please someone save me, take me away and treat me well  be a good man with your romantic spell "
what a fucking fantastic way to start the new year  laugh   laugh   laugh  get to hear <propfemale>'s new song  laugh  oh so happy  laugh  love you <propfemale>!!
get it together now
sing with power my dear  worship with lust and strike me with pain  the aftermath left the sky purple  whisper through the wind with a quiet symphony 
stupid rumors bout <propfemale> lavigne  she dint die  stupid stupid stupid!
i'm born a super <propfemale>  you'll see  smile 
covering up the crime is only the second step  
awe wolves and bears playing together  smile 
could we fix you if you broke?
chihuahua warriors  smile  paws up
i feel the beat in my soul  the sound makes me lose control  its in my heart  its in my heart  my love is pure  my only cure 
facking hell!!!
going crazy
don't feel to good  annoyed 
had so much fun with you this weekend  laugh  i love you
i am so happy she approves of him now   smile  im so happy! i miss you!!  love 
i hate those really good nights    then something really bad happens right at the end    frowny 
should i dye my hair more blonde? anyone got opinions?  laugh 
i don't know  you tell me!
got to see mikey today  laugh  hehe
we like boys in cars    buy us drinks in bars
<propfemale> lavigne  laugh 
our eyes met but you saw right threw me  
<propmale>    my best friend
ich bin mir absolut klar  ich trag den namen monster 
haus of gaga
"and now im blind, i can not find, the heart i gave to you"
thinking of him  love 
i just wanna scream and lose control!
"someday we'll meet once again, on the rainbow bridge "
it filters through
promise i'll be kind  playful  but i won't stop until that boy is mine
shouldn't we send home the straight soldier who hates the gay soldier? -gaga
thank you all 4 birthday wishes  laugh 
vma's  laugh 
you make me feel so special  smile  the way you look into my eyes  the way you hold me  smile  i miss you
"your on your knees beggin please, stay with me! but honestly i just need to be a little crazy!  laugh "
school is boring  annoyed 
would you comfort me?
got to see my babies today   smile  so happy  and i swear i heard <propmale>'s bark  it was just like it  smile 
"she comes out at night, when the <propfemale>'s filled up and your eyes are bright, and i think i simply outta fall over board  just so you can catch me"
ima be a <propfemale>  smile 
<propfemale> is annoying lol
"you held my hand and walked me home, i know, why you gave me a kiss or its somethin like this that made me go 'oh oh'  smile "
"i am so happy  laugh  i have amazing friends i love you <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile  you guys are wonderfull! and i have a great boyfriend!  laugh  i miss you all!"
watching this stupid movie    ug! lol its worth it  laugh  <propfemale> is worth it
don't try and test me cause you'll get a reaction  another drink and i'm ready for action 
let's make a sandwich  laugh 
on the first <propfemale>      of our story   
"fall back, take a look at me and you'll see, i'm fo' real  i feel what only i can feel and if that don't appeal to you let me know and i'll go "
"you can see my heart beating  you can see it threw my chest  i'm terrified, but i'm not leaving   know that i must past this test "
 smile 
confused i am  you lied   i hate this   i see the truth  why couldn't you tell me the truth  ? thanks  
"who knows what could happen, do what you do just keep on laughin  smile "
hopeless romantic  
i finally am happy    and there it goes     frowny 
my throat is killing me today  annoyed  i need to go to the doctor
:{ i is sad and upset   
nightmares become realities
we shall not speak in silence- dalaney
"i'm cuddly bitch, deal with it!  smile "
"i am so awesome with my people skills, advice and awesome talents of what to say  laugh  i help so many people out"
freak out
"im cudly bitch, deal with it!  smile "
i'm a dinosaur  smile  rawr
"step back to yo favorite place, grab a chair  over there is the world with a brand new face     - dalaney"
you never relize how good you feel until you feel bad   
lost with words
not looking forward for tomorrow  i hate mondays
i'm freaking out
 love  thinking of you
ich vermisse dich  die kunst der verftuhrung 
#713 you were my best friend and i miss the old days  you beautiful and a crazy friend  playful 
god damn    my mom keeps making me cry    for nothing
<propfemale> lavigne  love  fan forever
you taste just like glitter mixed with rock n roll  wink 
"when the world turns grey and rainy  you bring the sun out and and make my world bright and loving      after the rain, the rainbow    love   smile "
i might cry     lol
attack of the wolves
would you comfort me?     would you cry with me?
just fucking great  annoyed 
your  phsycopathic world becomes a world of hate in the mind of our loneliness  we are in a world of fire 
baby there's no other superstar you know that i'll be  playful 
oh <propfemale> <propfemale>!  playful 
i would like to sleep    but i can't  sad 
had an amazing day  smile 
caught between two different worlds and my own
"hoe hoe hoe, under the mistletoe  cause everybody knows we will take off our clothes   wink "
awe i miss you boy  joyful 
listen! there is no fucking ice cream in your fucking future!  smile 
your amazing  love 
"in this california <propmale> bed, we're ten thousand <propmale> apart "
i'm a sinner of this system 
"all my life i been good but now, i'm thinkin what the hell!      playful "
"all my life i been good but now, i'm thinking what the hell  laugh   laugh  i love <propfemale>!"
feeling kinda weird  lol
i love the song love the way you lie part 2 but eminem sucks! i don't like that part    lol! rihana is awesome  smile   love 
i hate subtitles! i can't read when i'm trying to see things!  smile  lol
life sucks         
humiliation while sufficating
i hurt so bad! ug    having my wisdom teeth cut out sucks    annoyed 
this is my new london fire  my nightmare 
you can't go on pretending that a certain someone doesn't mean everything to you 
"i'm not feeling all that great still  but i'm happy to have <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> is my best friends  smile  and <propfirst> is amazing  laugh  i love you all"
you and your stupid kkk slumber parties!!
 smile  i is happy
 laugh  oh yeah! had chicken strips for the first time in a while sense my surgery!  laugh 
i feel like i'm growing up too fast 
i'm a <propfemale> cat and i dance dance dance and i dance dance dance dance
your soul will perish in the firepit of the underworld     playful 
my world of chaos
come on rude boy  
that was fun  smile  lol
"i wish i was afraid of suicide, long before i died"
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me [like] this status if im a good friend [message] me if you ever wanted a relationship [comment] on this if we had any great memories if you feel brave, copy this and post it on your status"
"you romantisize your world  this is one last step you take, your heart and soul  we will never be the same  let's die romantic       by dalaney"
"i wanna have that one day where everythings about me  i want to walk into the room and have people say, ""isn't she beautiful"""
goodbye lullaby  love 
keep ze monkeys away from my handz!!
does anybody wanna <propfemale> out? i'm sooo bored!
i hate it when a guy doesn't understand why a certain time a month i don't wanna hold his hand  
ich hasse dich  playful 
<propfemale> lavigne one of top 10 most googliaale women in 2010  laugh  probably cause of me lmao!
it will never be the same  all i do is live in shame
fucking worth it  laugh  and i adored it hehe
"jesus, is that you?!?"
    well?
"?if???????you??????love???????<propfemale>????????copy?????????this???????????to?????????????ur??????????????<propfemale>??"
"take me by the hand, take me some where new  "
off to bed
i can't sleep  i'm sick  and keep throwing up   sad 
challenge yourself  be a beleiver   smile  the skys the limit
i want you to tell me those three words  
you know who annoys me? <propfemale>! god! she's a gaga wanna be  lady gaga is so much better 
your so lovely when you cry  your so perfect when you lie
i hate being the one who has to do things first   i'm losing you  its your turn
unsere herzen sind zerbrechlich  love 
"don't get me wrong, i just need some time to play  your on your knees beggin please, stay with me! but honestly i just need to be a little crazy  laugh  i'm just thinkin what the hell"
dare to discover
metal gear!  playful 
"i'm rejecting my reflection, cause i hate the way it judges me"
"love is so blinding  its sad but funny, how it changes a person "
imagine
"hit cha in the back of the head, with a crowe bar  smile "
"i want you to love me, like i'm a hot guy   laugh "
half psychotic sick hypnotic
i text you because i miss you and when i don't text you i'm waiting for you to miss me  love 
she's out back counting stars
"do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt, that you can feel the blood dripping  -lady gaga"
i'm so sorry that i'm so stale
"and hell yeah, i'm the mother fucking <propfemale>!  playful "
i read the truth  your feelings cannot hide with words in plain sight  your acting  what good does that do for you?
should i dye my hair more blonde?  laugh  it'd be cool  i need opinions!!
gorgeous delirious shadow with a very repulsive picture to manipulate the frantic goddess
"i am the goddess of crafts, wisdom and war"
<propmale>    your my <propfirst> always and forever  smile 
i'm so confused    i might cry 
would you make me number one on your playllist?  smile 
we are all born superstars- lady gaga
i need a phone  sad   sad 
i can't stop  laugh  cause i'm having too much fun!
love hurts whether its right or wrong  all i want is to mess around  laugh 
lol figures
why should i care? cause you weren't there when i was scared and i was so alone    smile  <propfemale>
does anyone have an extra t mobile phone? my screen cracked and i need a different one  annoyed  lol
silicone  saline  poison  inject me 
i am depressed  sad 
"and i wanna beleive you, when you tell me that it'll be okay  yeah i try to beleive you  but i don't "
"i can't stop, cause i'm havin too much fun  playful "
eeeeeeeeek!!!!  laugh  i'm so happy!!!
our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter  -dr  <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr 
"i like you alot lot, think your really hot hot  smile  boys boys boys  we like boys in cars, buy us drinks in bars  smile "
i'm more blonde!  laugh 
i bring people good luck and i'm magically delicious  laugh  i'm your lucky charm
i'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen  playful 
my god! that pisses me off!
i just didn't want to wear clothes today for whatever reason  smile 
how can i catch up if i don't want to?
be my friend!  laugh 
