" epar <propfemale> s'ti    od uoy teb i ,ho ?<propfemale> yeht tahw wonk annaw  epyks revo reve sdnuos tseb eht ot gninetsil m'i <-- read it"
i need my eyes checked - -
aii! i hate being sick!
"i want a job! i'm ready, i'm ready, i'm ready, i'm ready!!!"
"i need an idea for my hair, it's getting to long and i have no idea what to do with it d:<"
"i found out earlier i was a stepping stone for a friend who had trust issues, not just a little stepping stone, a gigantic stepping stone  were you ever a stepping stone for someone? it's a good feeling, i don't feel as hollow anymore "
i'm on a phone!
i want the jacket    so bad
i went horseback riding    and it was flipping awesome!!! i love horsessssssss~!
i'm rather fluttery today  i feel so special 
"okay, i have a question for everyone: is suicide an option? i'm not doing it, but is it a logical option when your at the bottom of the hill and can't get back up?"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along! 4 words is harder than you think "
"have you ever had one of those days, where you (literally) run into someone at a store park and meet eyes and you fall in love instantly, just to never see them again and you can't sleep because your thinking about them? yeah    it sucks so far "
"i don't know why    but i have a slight bad feeling about something, and i can't tell because i'll come off like i'm crazy  this feeling hurts   "
"okay    whoever is gunna come to peoria and help me make my costume for this video mikey wants to make, be my guest, i need 300 bucks  laugh "
wombats are actually very vicious creatures  don't have one as a pet  laugh 
"wishing someone well on their plane trip here, hoping they survive their fear  in the mean time another must leave, but i shall keep smiling because i believe  random rhyming is rather fun, my rhyming journey has just begun!!!! lol"
"i haven't been on in awhile due to a horseback riding accident  i'm fine, i just can't walk up or down stairs, or sit down comfortably "
"i'm going to work on this, this will work out    maybe not, but i'll try  laugh "
"i'm so hardcore  i'm drinkin' izze sparkling <propfemale> from the bottle and eating sea salt and vinegar chips from the bag, and not sharing >:v"
"sometimes, i just want to let myself go and let my ""inner bitch"" free and scream ""i fucking told you so!!!!!!!!"""
"i think the most interesting conversation i had today was between me and my british friend  we were talking about fluffy penguins and ""taking it like a man"" "
"<propfemale>, just because i might be moving doesn't mean you can tell everyone that you know and having my inbox flooded with ""don't go"" messages  seriously, i dunno yet  indecision "
"""beware of the werepigs    stay off the mud    stay off the mud i say!"" - kaine cianide whilst he's asleep (no idea how why he fell asleep on skype with me)"
"i went to a shooting range today and tried out some guns  the guy said i seem more old style, the only new kind of guns that would suit me would be shotguns or sniper hunting rifles  it was so fun, but the shotguns hurt my arm  also, i'm apparently good with cars also  laugh "
"i just gave myself a task to do this month starting on the tenth  i will learn at least five languages, and learn how to say five things from each, these words will be ""hello"", ""goodbye"", ""go away"", ""i'm hungry"", and ""f*** you"" "
"i come downstairs to find my black cat covered in cheese dust  what did he do? he got into my cheeto's bag and decided he didn't want to share, later on i ate some and he attacked me for consuming them "
"i wish i could fly to wherever right now, i'd fly to somewhere that i'd enjoy, like australia "
"i haz eye problems, getting perscription lenses in maybe ten days    then braces in a few months "
