when your life for all intents and purposes is a mess all you can do is see the good that is to come and forget your troubles   a 3 day weekend filled with awesome stuff will do just fine 
i just started watching all the classic pokemon episodes from episode 1   they just don't make cartoons like this any more   we were lucky to have this kind of stuff during our childhoods 
why does the past always look better than the future?
"literally half my friends are on right now   does that mean i need to get more friends, or do my current ones just have too much free time?"
why is it that you can be calm and collected at all times except the ones you want to?  i always make such a fool of myself - -
how can parents talk for 30 mins and only say one thing over and over?
"bored on saturdays?  join me for belegarth at bicentennial park saturdays at noon, wear clothes you're willing to get dirty   belegarth is a combat sport that uses weapons made of pvc pipe and foam, they may hurt a bit but don't (often) cause serious harm   whether you're strong or weak, tall or short, etc, etc, come join us for a great time!"
don't you hate when you really need to reach someone but you just can't get a hold of them?
"senioritis is in full swing   all i can think of is summer, and it's still march!"
"anyone got xbox live?  if so add me, gamertag drunkmonk32, just include some sort of a message telling me who you are "
some days nothing seems to go right   
i like how i'm listening to music fit for incredible battles and yet researching how a <propmale> becomes a law   how does that make sense?   
"""we'll be back from the field trip by 5, no problem""    i got back at 6:45, not enough time to get ready for fright night before it began and skyler would have been mad not to already have someone in my spot   four days left and i have to miss one!  d="
my actual hard license just arrived   smile 
"laser quest overnighter from 11 smile 0pm to 6 smile 0am on december 10, price is $30 prepaid or $35 at the door   plenty of people will be there, everyone's invited, and it'll be a great time!"
"my first belegarth practice tomorrow   i'm gonna dieeee, lol"
i'm actually thinking of getting a hair style for this upcoming year but i have no idea what to get   any ideas?
"i know i'm getting really into belegarth when i go to bed earlier on a friday night than on a school night because i just want saturday to come, not for something special, but for the same practice as always "
"going on a cruise on the carnival splendor this sunday to mexico, it'll be a week long   i can't wait!"
"well, that's it   fright night is over   i won't miss the long nights and no free time, but i will miss all the great people i've met there   <propfemale>, <propfirst> (buffalo <propmale>), and everyone else who i don't have room to mention, you're awesome!  fright night ftw!"
"i really need to get to bed   but these indie sci-fi movies are just too weird to stop watching, lol "
"choir concert and laser quest tomorrow, can't wait!"
isn't it funny that no matter how tired and beat you are you still have time to mess around on facebook before you get to bed?
"an interesting night at fright night tonight   <propmale> has joined us at last, he was a charging zombie and loved it, and it looks like he's going to keep coming back!  sadly keebs and many other people (including my makeup artist, his wife) have quit fright night   this made skyler the new haunt captain of asylum, he truly was the best option and no doubt will lead us well "
what's up with all the quizzes people take having such horrible spelling and grammar?  you'd think that people would be using spell check or at least have some idea how to write 
"my schedule is   1st: economics with crews2nd: spanish 2 with kilburn3rd: concert choir with lanford (big surprise)4th: algebra 2 with eberlyafter that game design at cart"
"i gots a wii  smile    that means i now have a wii, ps3, and 360   my gaming empire is complete!"
"well i'm a part of the fright night scream team, i'm the lobotomy doctor at the very end of asylum   considering i tried out for necropolis this is a bit odd, but it seems like it will be a fun role "
"the three hour nights (weeknights) of fright night are best described at fun but tiring   the five hour (weekend) nights, however, are total paaaaain   back, feet, legs, face, everything aches   but nobody ever said this would be easy, did they?  well, there was that one guy   but no one likes him "
"awesome first night at fright night even though everything that could have gonewrong for me went wrong   let's just say i've made my room my own   via my shed blood   still, an awesome night, we made people wet themselves, and it's going to be a great season!"
"halo reach!  halo reach!  halo reach!!! neeeeeed!!!  one day!!!  so   *ahem*   halo reach, yaaaay   "
"i just spent 10 minutes trying to wash off white makeup from around my eyes before i realized it was the extra pale skin i have there because of my transition lenses, lol "
30 pound chainmail + prolonged fighting + 5 foot shield = paaaaaaaain!!!
"my shield for belegarth is finally done and it's huge   like, it's 5' by 2'   my arm is going to be sooooore "
admittedly i was more into pokemon but digimon needs some love =p
how odd it seems to be here on a thursday night with no fright night 
new year's twilight zone marathon on sci-fi ftw!  gotta love the classics   
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!  i wish you and your families a wonderful holiday   be sure to remember among the presents and feasts the true reason for the season, the birth of jesus christ   oh, and happy new year too and all that "
"belegarth is really fun, it's just incredibly tiring   i'm so sore right now, lol"
bleeaaahh   sick  sad 
"remember people, laser quest overnighter this friday from 11 smile 0pm to 6 smile 0am, $35 prepaid or $35 at the door   do what needs to be done to be able to go, it's going to be amazing!"
happy new years!  i wish everyone a good year in which they retain at least 67% of their limbs 
"don't you just hate love that odd in-between place?  where you have nothing to do and it's late so you should really get to bed, yet you keep browsing fb   you've already read everything of interest, there's nothing going on, but you're still on it   sure, you should get to bed   but   you can't   no reason not to, except, you just can't "
"i buy a used pokemon game (don't judge!) off ebay and turn it on, the profile is already named <propmale>   creepy   "
