hi!
it's almost winter break  yay!
awesome! school's out and it's almost christmas!
yay!  laugh 
awesome!
i hate going back to school after break 
hammerfall is awesome
shouldn't have this much chem homework on my birthday 
<propmale> lachance is awesome
has too much homework  sad 
playing oblivion   
nothing on earth stays forever but none of your deeds were in vain deep in our hearts you will live again you're gone to the home of the brave                                        -hammerfall
working on so notes
too much homework   
i just lost the game 
chem homework  sad 
"i want either a snowday, delay, or another mercury spill tomorrow "
i want a snowday tomorrow 
homework   
later i'm going to see the <propmale> <propmale> movie
i hate dbqs 
why are english essays so boring to write?
snowday!!!
yay! i'm done with my homework   laugh 
i hate homework  sad 
"playing oblivion, stopping every once in a while to listen to music "
formal chem labs are evil
using facebook and oblivion to procrastinate on homework 
no school again!  laugh 
spent all day being busy doing nothing 
"""we're blood bound- we aim for the sun, the luminous <propfemale> will take us high over ground, we're blood bound- collecting the stars, we hold a power that is greater than all, we're blood bound """
got some more music today   smile 
today i read most of my book for english  now i'm bored and don't feel like reading any more 
pi day
why do i have so much homework?
"playing guitar, then listening to music"
listening to music
1:22 am  just finished my health project 
tired for some reason
health project  sad 
"is tired, and has too much homework"
"i like to play oblivion, but i have chem homework "
anyone know what the english homework is? <propfemale> jeon <propfirst> downard <propfemale> <propfemale> wilkie
regents   
"doing some homework, then packing for west point  smile "
i hate homework
first time i've gone outside bare-foot in a long time 
done with that  yay  now for my <propmale> scrapbook 
i hate group projects in school   sad 
"studying for euro, then chem"
euro dbq
happy that it's friday 
"""so understand, don't waste your time always searching for those wasted years, face up   make your stand, and realize you're living in the <propfemale> years """
"is attempting to do homework, but wanting to sleep "
"""oh mother earth do you believe there is a place for us to go,come set us free again and let us fly away and give us hope"""
"really wanted a snow day, but probably not going to get one tomorrow  now homework "
track meet tomorrow  done with homework  i should get some sleep 
started driving for the first time today 
at the lake today
listening to music 
easter!
going to mcquaid tomorrow!
just got a christmas tree
studying for ap euro
track meet later today
"12i want to get to know you better  you are really cool and nice, and i like your hair "
should really try to finish apush
i wish i had a trampoline
"""you can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice,  if you choose not to decide you still have made a choice,  you can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill,  i will choose a path that's clear,  i will choose freewill""  -rush"
grrr    chem unit exam tomorrow 
is sad that spring break is over so soon 
"""all the world's indeed a stage, and we are merely players, performers and portrayers, each another's audience, outside the gilded cage"" ~rush"
done with the ib chem test   smile 
is wondering what she wants to do next  it's the first time in a long time that i haven't had lots of homework  smile   done with the ib part of ib chem  yay!
"like my status and i'll tell you:1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds2  the color you remind me of3  my first memory of you4  the animal you remind me of5  ask something i've always wondered about you6  my favorite thing about you7  give you a weird nickname8  challenge you to post this as your status"
lï??? ?ø ?ÿ?? lï?? ?hï?
got a new personal record in the 100 at track today
should start working on her euro project 
ate chicken wings today  smile 
"""surrender your soul, surrender your pride, please enter my dream, find your natural high, you’ve got nothing to fear, cause your rebirth is near"" -hammerfall"
"11i haven't really talked to you recently  we first met in 2nd grade  you are nice and care about other people "
"leave me a one word comment that best describes me, that starts with the third letter only of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this as your status, so i can write one word about you  don't just post a word and not copy; that's no fun  smile "
blue oyster cult is awesome!
got back home from the track banquet  now time for more homework   sad 
can see the light at the end of the tunnel! too bad the end of the tunnel is clogged with regents exams 
going to the lake today
the voices in my head just told me they're hearing voices     uh     that cant be good :  
is listening to music and wishes she had more liquid nitrogen to play with 
is listening to music 
grandparents are visiting  making paella tomorrow 
"""only those who attempt the absurd will achieve the impossible  i think it's in my basement    let me go upstairs and check ""  -m  c  escher"
so glad for the snowday today  i like winter 
"is playing with gak, slime, and sticky slime "
"put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry when it was under siege by death eaters in the second wizarding war  over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack  93% of people won't repost this, but will    you    be part of that magical 7% that will? repost to show your support for dumbledore's army "
"dear homework, i am so happy i will not see you again until summer is over, and i will not miss you   laugh "
germany is great  i'm at my host family's house  watching the soccer game was fun 
one last regents left
music  smile 
"if you like this status, i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge "
"finished 5 regents, only one left  smile "
is at the state track meet
going to germany tomorrow!  laugh 
hammerfall!
going to the lake for a few days
"worked at the track meet again today, then saw karate kid "
i want a snowday!!!
finally done with buffon's needle!!!
is home
conneticut
just got home from a rock concert and is tired 
"""i will waste no more timeleave my worries behindi live for this moment alone,let me tell you my friendall things come to an endforever is todayso don't delay""-stratovarius"
"what do you do with witches?burn them!and what do you burn apart from witches?wood!so, why do witches burn?because they're made of wooddoes wood sink in water?it floats!what also floats in water?a duck so, logically, if she weighs the same as a duck, she's made of wood and therefore a witch!"
was in canada today
"ten days until christmas, and five until my birthday  smile "
attempted to clean my room today  not successful 
"fight with your heart, and you're destined for <propfemale>but fight without honor, and you're destined to fallfight with your heart, and you're destined for <propfemale>but fight without soul and you will lose it all   - hammerfall"
finally finished apush!
playing with fire  laugh 
nhs induction tonight
message me a number and i'll tell you what i think of you
wore a duct tape and rubber band hat and a black cape to school today  some of the reactions were interesting 
this afternoon i dropped toothpicks on lines and ate cake-balls
"17you seemed really quiet before i knew you, but you talk a lot more with people you know  you like to sleep  you are nice and i liked having lunch with you last year "
"cross country banquet today, and lots of homework"
should i change my profile picture back to a pokemon or keep it as a cartoon character? why did they make both at the same time?
apple pie  smile 
"7you have a cat  you are nice, but i don't like your taste in music  you are very afraid of stalkers  smile  lol "
it's christmas <propfemale>!!!  laugh 
is really happy  only three days until winter break and its my birthday tomorrow 
"remember yesterdayand think about tomorrowbut you have to live today-hammerfall"
the end of the double snowday         school tomorrow
"""illuminatiyou've come to take controlyou can take my heartbeatbut you can't break my soulwe all shall be freeilluminatiyou'll never take controlyour new world orderwill lead to none at allwe all stand before you as oneheaven is for everyoneto be free from the dark""- gamma <propfirst>"
we got a dog today
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  i bet half of you won't read the instructions right"
first day of track tomorrow
pi day! this year was 370 digits
"go to your profile  the top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse 1  zombie e playful ert: <propfirst> <propmale> 2  guns and fun e playful ert: <propfirst> thompson3  survival e playful ert: <propfemale> thorpe4  driving e playful ert: <propfemale> bomy5  tactical e playful ert: natsuko su-zuki"
psych internal assessment is completely done!  smile 
now i understand how hard it is to write without the letter e
i should stop procrastinating on my homework   
