has started reading confessions of a shopaholic     i do exactly the same!!!
has gone over to the dark side  
results are out early! can't look  surprise s
is looking forward to seeing 2012 later
"loves the library - i get lost everytime i go in there  smile  and almost e playful ect to find hidden secret chambers, magical worlds, moving staircases and flying books haha"
"signed up to some clubs today- have some gaming thing on monday, poker  smile  tues, salsa dancing! the hiking club, i also put my name down for hockey club!!! i really don't know why i did that i can't play!!!oh and i'm going paintballing with the physics society  laugh "
"wine, or no wine?"
92%  surprise 
facebook - why do you have to mess things up all the while
2 hours of java hell  crying  and just one mrs crimbles coconut macaroon 
"home at last after a very long, cold and detoured train journey smile "
has just e playful erienced the delights of tuftys carboot market!! and got lord of the rings trilogy for just £5 -how good was that  smile 
tuesday night is chips and peas night nom nom nom  smile 
that was so bad    could they have played any worse  
"just booked train ticket home smile  - can't wait to see everybody and the cats!and a whole weekend with no work - hooray!!"
"i see snow  smile  at last, now a few more inches please"
oh mini eggs mmm nom ymmn!!  smile 
less than 24hrs now and it will be over! (for a few months at least) hooray!!  smile 
break is well and truly over  sad 
"looking forward to perseid meteor shower tonight, should be good and clear skies predicted  smile "
had such a good day shopping spent way way too much!! and got a new hairdo with a fringe!!   which is sort of ok
"oh maths, i wish you were a bar of chocolate, then i'd eat you and that would be the end of that"
"such a beautiful day and feeling so good i'm going to start my new years resolutions today!an afternoon of maths (which i'm actually looking forward to!!) followed by breakfast at tiffanys with a bag of seedless grapes, but first a walk in the sunshine!  smile "
start lessons tomorrow - have to be ready for 11 then work through to 12!! -it's a hard life   
warmed my socks on the radiator before putting them on this morning - such a good way to start the day smile 
just saw a man with a pumpkin on his head!! smile  starting to feel halloweeny now
"and it's all going pear shaped again, and now i have to be a sack of rocks that sinks someones boat"
"well i've found the bottom of the bottle of wine, and the answers to the maths worksheet aren't there!! hmm where shall i look now  smile "
it's so good to be back at work again and to see everybody - like old times  smile 
remember remember   
"my head hurts so much and i think im going to be sick, but im going home yay smile "
"well, what an amazingly inspiring speaker  i had no idea that the economy and politics was so interesting  definitely requires more thought smile "
imagination stop now!! please
back on campus! all trains home cancelled until they don't know when  sad 
"wonders why the java book has a picture of an inca sacrificing <propfemale> on it, although it does seem very fitting and i'm starting to think may also be preferrable -and i doubt it would be drawn out over 10 long weeks"
"happy new year to everybody, hope it's the best yet  smile "
"right that's enough walking for one week now that i have two! blisters on my feet  annoyed but, i did have such a good thought while i was out - how good would it be to live on a barge boat next year!!holiday time i would just untie the boat and float off down the river - i wonder how much it would cost    smile "
"new addiction! diggles milkshakes - malteser, mars bar, galaxy, creme egg, rolo mmm - so many to try!"
is going belly dancing!! - just hope there's room at the back  smile 
is feeling very sorry for herself after falling over and spraining her ankle so badly  crying  luckily <propfemale> <propmale> came prepared with a pair of roll up!! shoes in her bag and helped me hobble home  so today is a day of dvd's and chocolate  smile 
"edinburgh is such a beautiful city, but a bit spooky and going on a ghost tour of the vaults and dungeons late at night probably wasn't the best thing to do   "
"special request to all kids returning to school in the next few weeks  if you see someone who is struggling to make friends or being bullied because they don't have many friends or because they are shy or not as pretty or not dressed in the most ""in"" clothes, please step up  say hi or at least smile at them in the hallway  you never know what that person might be facing outside of school  your kindness might just make a big difference in someone's life!! ~ help stop the bullying by re-posting"
"rather fed up with these ""cancer awareness facebook statuses""  why? cause they do nothing to raise awareness  the ugly face of cancer isn't some joke about bras or make people think you're pregnant- it's the loss of loved ones, uncertainty, and destruction of your body in chemo  want to help? go and offer to drive someone to chemo, have a chat to someone you know who's suffering next time or just donate a quid to mcmillan  this is raising awareness!"
