yes! my caramell chocolate shortbread was a success!!
loser's rule!! =^-^=
oooh it's snowing again  smile 
"oh god just heard jedwards rendition of 'all the small things', i think i'm gonna hurl   "
i love books that make you think  laugh 
god i feel so bleugh
grrr facebook wont let me change my profile pic  playful 
i feel the intense urge to play some heavy metal music now that <propfemale>'s in oulu   
"just come back from town, lovin' the music!"
i so have to buy the book <propfemale> victoria: demon <propmale>
off babysitting now!
tribble!
"oh my gosh, theres a villain on sailor <propfemale> who has two snowmen for a bra  genious lol "
happy teachers day  laugh  to all the teachers i know!
"studying child psychology in swedish, hope i can get it!"
bow to the hibjibbler!!!!
"would love to meet someone who understands what the hell i'm on about, lol  laugh "
i love looking through pics  laugh 
yay they worked  smile 
yaaay new books are here  laugh 
yaaaaayy!! fixed me guitar!! whoop whoop!  laugh 
trying to get my creative juices flowing
"random-mode, activate!!  laugh "
total fuwa mood  laugh 
arrggggh!! stoopid touch screen phone is really frikkin' irritating!! i just want a down button!!
thinking about what to do   
gonna be a busy year next year!
i am in dire need of a belt
ugh i'll get this organisation thing right one day =|
finds it extremely difficult to do my swedish homework when the friggin' internet keeps disconnecting!!
spaghetti making time!
would love to scream reaaaaallllllly loudly but i don't wanna freak out the neighbours  laugh 
"try to make a snufkin outfit for the harvest festival party, end up looking like a medieval peasant    that could work though  laugh "
"oh my gosh, they blocked the spongebob f u n  song on youtube! why!?!?!"
"ah, well; who wants to live forever? ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! diiiiiiiivvvveeeeee!!!!!! (flash <propmale> rocks  laugh )"
sweden imorgon! kan inte vänta!!!
uggggh it's like 25 degrees in here    i need ice cream!!
bored x[
jag tittar på shrek i svenska  laugh  så bra!
google 'förslag' är så rolig
"yay, csi time!  laugh "
need to sort out a portfolio   
"timotei, timotei, timotei!!"
i really need a lunch bag   
imagination overload!!!
glad everything went well  smile  hope you feel better soon granny!!
???
back från sverige!! det var jätte rolig!!!!
ugh soooo drained     
ahhh man why do i get a sicky throat now?!!
have take that songs stuck in my head
"skolan slutat för sommaren <propfemale>, men vad ska jag göra!?"
searching through the recipe book   
ugh its soooo waaaaaaarm =[
"ah my freakin' lord, <propfirst> <propmale> as a super secret agent!! need to watch me some old stargate  laugh "
"*sigh* downstairs on me lonesome, baking shortbread and singing glee songs    what a life lol"
fun day today! kronoby kronoby kronoby!!!! grats <propfemale>!!!!
dentists tomorrow  annoyed 
time to kill some songs on singstar  laugh 
kewl found my swedish name  laugh 
ugh why did my laptop have to die?!
yay healthy teeth  laugh 
mitt nytt favorit ord: raring  laugh  the incredibles är så bra  laugh 
"trying to find out about me hodgson roots, sooo friggin difficult!!!!!!"
"as i lay in bed one evening, looking up at the stars, i thought to myself    hey, where the heck is my ceiling?!"
"just seen the latest doctor who, totally awesome  laugh "
listening to hare hare yukai =^-^=
going through my ny dvds  smile 
grr can't find my swimming cozzie!
"nya, i need inspiration!!!"
"just had my teeth scraped to infinity hehe, still trying to figure out what this toothpaste tastes like!"
it's here! my loverly new bass guitar is here!! i love it!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i realllly wanna watch some spongebob
omg i missed eurovision  so not a happy <propfemale> right now!! x(
making me some <propmale> clothing!
ugh late night television  all that's on is some weird old french film with russian subtitles and lost =[
less than two weeks till england  laugh  can't wait!!
"just made shortbread, wanna make choc chip cookies!!"
mock the week rules  laugh 
oh my gosh i'm 20 next month!  surprise 
glad midsommar <propfemale>  laugh 
dancy dancy dance dance *does a funky jig*
"have practically finished my christmas shopping, sorry to those who don't get there's till after christmas!"
"trying to learn a song in gaelic, canät figure out pronuciation though o_x"
what to do?
tack <propfemale>  laugh  and miss all you guys in england!! =^-^=
when are they going to have a <propmale>hanger where someone is quite literally hanging off of a <propmale>?
my foot huuuuuurts  sad 
engerland!!!
oh man! i am so glad i'm not in england now!
"whenever i feel blue, i start breathing again"
145 sausage rolls  laugh  now i'm christmas shopping on amazon and cutting out letters for a banner   
"am just a titchy, teeny weeny, ever so slightly irritated with my brother at the moment   "
man am so not used to using an englsih keyboard lol!
wrapping time!
"aw bless just found my school pics! crazy times, lol!!"
in an 80's feel-good mood for some reason   
laaaa laaaa laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa la lalala lalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i seriously need a dose of insanity right now   
"got new guitar strings (yay!!), but then i twisted my ankle (not so yay  ), but then i saw <propfemale> in wonderland (yay!!!) =^-^="
any got a spare proton pack? no?       didn't think so     
beachy times today  laugh 
"sat watching movies, dressed as a <propfemale>, coughing and sneezing  playful  why must i be sick on halloween?!"
i want a top hat  laugh 
"ugh, friday nights are so boring   "
gotta brush up on my face painting skills =^-^=
i'm covered in face paint lol!!
oh my gosh! possibility of new x-files movie! i sooo hope they can do it!!!
face painting today!
life really is like a rollercoaster    though i think i'm a bit queasy now  playful 
"why is it that they always, always have a dvd sale when i am completely skint!!"
i'm really starting to dislike fridays
i really want a biscuit
holidaaaaays  smile 
in a total 70's mood   
can't think of what to do!!  surprise 
beware the pimped out volvo!!!!!!   !!!!
i reaaaaaalllllly wanna go see avenue q!
i wanna buy something pretty  laugh 
off to write some random rubbish x)
nothing like a hair disaster to wake you up in the morning   
ugh my math sucks so bad   
yes! finally figured out who my ex-history teacher looks like!
"it's cool to have little sisters, they think i'm great at everything!!  laugh "
"christmas decorating, drinking glög and dancing to christmas jazz    i love christmas  laugh "
"ugh, money is so stoopid! >,<"
"just been for a walk, and the stars are out    love this time of year  laugh "
school tomorrow  laugh 
"poor <propmale>, he's not moved from under the chair since he got back from the vets"
watching the moomins  laugh  shame i can't understand finnish though   
"got the house to myself, time for a cup of tea me thinks  smile "
groovin' to some belly dancing music  laugh 
i hate division! why is it always so complicated?! stoopid maths!  playful 
six weeks till i invade england once more! *insert appropriate evil laughter here*
ugh my brain is scramblified x-x
 laugh 
vet någon något söt svenska låtar?
trying to think up gift ideas   
can't wait for children in need  laugh 
"lmao jedward on never mind the buzzcocks, so soooooo funny!!!"
ah man being a perfectionist totally sucks!
snacking whilst watching horror movies  laugh 
i need a hobby   
lmao <propfirst> wogan on the buzzcocks is a legend!!!!
ah man idioms are funny   
just had a fainting fit and i feel like crap! stoopid blood  playful 
ahhh mannn my legs are seizing up on me!  sad 
ahhh time to raid the fancy dress bag again   
i need a cup of tea   
anyone know anywhere to get a decent selection of swedish books?
watched an episdoe of csi:miami where *shockhorror!* horatio caine applied pressure to a wound!!! what will the world come to next?!
   
"kewl, my great, great, great, great, great, great grandad (i think) was a farmer in canada  laugh "
snowyness!  laugh 
they really need to bring back 70s comedy shows  smile 
uggggggh have to go back out to pick up a package in the freezing cold!
need to find a song grrr
"gettin' in the halloween mood >,<"
crazi-ness!! *funky dance*
drama's confuzzling  annoyed 
owwwieeee painful hands dx
just thinking how i wouldnt mind watching x-men    whats on tv now?!
happy new year everyone! i know i'm a bit late but i've not been on the computer till now  laugh 
"52 mini sausage rolls in the oven, heck knows how many more to go   "
reminiscing  smile 
why do they have to show you friends events?! i'm pretty sure i said no to a party i wasn't even invited to lmao!
kewlll just found a whole folder full of japanese rock on my pc!
soon off out into the icy tundra of jakobstad  smile 
" laugh  new voyager book out 21st july, cant waaaaait!!!!!"
lmao watching <propfemale> just to see the disaster  laugh 
randomness
about to further ransack my bedroom in order to find the one ring   
snackrifice!
why are there always sales when i have no money!?
ah the fun you can have looking up 'dance off' x)
yay just found the new lets dance  laugh ! *my dads rolling his eyes at me*
giggles  laugh 
hating youtube right now  annoyed 
"the northern lights are really pretty  smile norrsken är så vacker!"
ahhhh my hands hurt! stoopid rashes!!  playful 
gosh it's warm outside!
fuwa fuwa time!!! *rocks out*
can anyone speak <propfemale> gaelic? i don't get the pronunciation!
"just finished my birthday shop, so many people born in march!"
"just watched despicable me, freakim' awesome film!!"
"?????????????????????????????????????? before you ask its a song lyric  laugh "
ugh i keep forgetting verb forms  annoyed  brain meltdown!
rockin' out to the who  laugh 
waah wish i hadn't left my swedish dictionary in school  sad 
"<propfemale> pappa har bara hittat en bra websida för svensk böcker, runeberg org  så kul!"
"attempting sausage rolls, hope they work!"
en rolig dag hos <propfemale>  laugh 
"god jul, hyvää joulua and a <propfemale> freakin' christmas!!"
keep clicking the wrong buttons!
come home to see the lovely brand spanking new telly!! yay!!! movie time!!
i should become a sci-fi immersion teacher  smile 
why is it that i always speak swedish to people who don't understand swedish? and why is there always a teacher nearby when someone asks me to translate a really simple word that i've forgotten!?
ahhh studera studera studera!
i think there's a temporal sub space rift-thingymajigy following me around   
jag drömma förmycket  laugh 
yay någon har hittat <propfemale> plånbok! men det är på polis stationen och jag vet inte om det är nykarleby eller jakobstad  annoyed  vet någon var polis stationen i nykarleby finns??
"soooo tired, going to hibernate now see you in the new year!"
-27 man i am gonna be frozen blue today!
i wanna dance but there's no room    and i can't dance dx
ahhh miscommunication in three languages   wonderful lol
can't believe it's april already!
"oh my gosh sooooo tired! but it was a great night, definitely worth it!!"
boooooooooooooored!
it's all snowy outside  smile 
ugh i hate forms  annoyed 
"okiez, from monday morning till after my swedish exam i will talk only swedish! so to any of the english lot i'll speak to you in a week  laugh "
grr can't find where i put my music too
it's way too quiet here
trying to come up with <propmale> project ideas  smile 
wah just broke my favourite head band  sad 
can't wait for my amigurumi crochet book to get here  laugh 
ugh feeling rather icky  sad 
