i'm back at smcc in room 423 in the nrh
i lost my cell phone it is a black and silver samsung verizon cell phone  if everyone that goes to smcc can keep an eye out for it i would be grateful
getting back into the flow of college
my sister just called me a gekk    come up witha a def 
there is beauty in everything it is simply up to us to find it
is very disapointed in the people of maine    yes on 1    what a sad day this is
found my cell phone    but it was steped on and i cant dial #'s and can't get to my voice mail
"a quote that i found ""you are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth    let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness; for even as he loves the arrow that flies,  so he loves also the bow that is stable "" kahlil gibran"
why am i always the goddamn friend not the boyfriend!!!
it sheltered me from nothing but the weather i called it home for a moment of my life this place i see just doesn't look familiar i wonder if it looks the same inside -staind corner
sick and tired of homework
"i’m going off for turkey day in a little bit, and i’m not sure if i will have internet access  but anyway have a good turkey day everyone!!"
ugh have to go to work   
back at smcc
one of my best friends has told me to change my status     this is it lol
i'm sick and tired of being single!!! is there any woman out there that is looking for a guy who will treat them right??
"going home for break soon, have a good holiday everyone!"
snowday!!!!!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   
back at smcc!!!
"all the lanterns were shuttered halfway so that a cool twilight suffused the air, lending an etherreal feel to the event "
boreing week end  
don't you love when you try to respond to a wall post and you put it as your statis    lol
"click ""like"" if i have ever  made u smile  smile  set this as ur status and see how many people uve made  smile  smile "
i'm off for spring break soon at 12 i probably won't have internet access so have a good week everyone!
"so i just got a letter from the irs, and first thought through my head is  wow i may owe them like fifty dollars or something because i didn't make much this year  so i open it and it turns out that i'm getting another almost five hundred dollars because of a mistake on my tax return, all i can say is thanks irs"
my computer works!!!
"im in the dorms for sure this summer, which is good"
unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth 
in my new apartment as of now!!!
copy    this into your  status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd    marry you  3:  talkative  4: sarcastic  5: lovable  6: moody  7: good    person  8:  spoiled  9: mouthy  10: random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy     14:  amazing  15: beautiful  16: cute  17: generous
"click ""like"" if i have  ever made you smile in  your life  set this as your status and see how  many people you have made  smile "
rarg!!!!!
i got a job at the mecernin center (i know my spelling sucks)
gas powered scotters are awesome!!!!
sliding on tar=bad
"great    i just messed up trimming my beard, its going to be short for a while   "
"second law of final examsin your toughest final, the most distractingly attractive student in class will sit next to you for the first time "
"is saying that calling someone from on top of mount everist with a satilite phone not epic, i just got the look like im crazy for saying it would be(i was bored and being random)"
does anyone have a stright talk phone charger i can use??
"whatched cop out last night with my girlfriend, <propfirst> <propfemale>, and his girlfriend, it was awesome  there was also a character in it that reminded me of <propmale> yocum (the parkour guy is the one i'm talking about)"
the <propmale> was bitten
"well i feel smart    i let myself get distracted while i waswalking on the rocks at the smcc lighthouse and fell; i'm all right a lightlytwisted ankle and a bruised muscle  fun   "
my cell phone is out of mins  so if you need to get ahold of me email me here or im me
"my birthday is coming up on the 23rd and i would like to get to together with people from the college, so if you want to what would be a good time for everyone???"
"thank you to all of you who said happy birthday and helped me celebrate it, because of you all it was a good one?"
"my birthday is thursday, and so i would like to have a get together but it doesn't have to be thursday, what is a good day time for people (i didn't get many responses to my first post so i thought i would try again)?"
"i am posting this on my new phone, same number though"
out looking for another apartment    ether the one upstairs from me or another     i love bad roommates with victim mortality's   ?
at the movies with my girlfriend!
does anyone know if you have to pay taxes for a work study or not?
"epic: when you are in one room and your friends are in another, but instead of getting up to say something to them you look and see if they are on facebook so you can i m  them"
"so looks like i'm not going to be back at smcc for next semester, i love the fact that they can suspend you for completion rate   "
<propfemale> in wonderland was amazing!!
