4 am    waffles
sick
got the job!
graduation 2day!!
"wishing everyone a very <propfemale> christmas, and a happy new year!"
got the tree up- looks pretty good!!
<propfemale>
tired of the flu!
i loved an ipod riding a motorcycle because i'm sexy and i do what i want!
10 inches!!
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone, who is a wanker!  wankers affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for these arseholes!!! but we can raise awareness        93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour"
hot and steamy!
"go to urbandictionary com,type in your first name,copy and paste this as your status,and put the first entry for your name under comments "
 
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater, give her sperm she will make a baby, give her a house she will give you a home, give her groceries she will give you a meal, give her a smile she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit    pass this along if you agree"
"ok i admit i'm a bitch  smile  unfortunately 97% of facebook woman users wont re-post this ""i make mistakes, i'm out of control and @ times hard to handle, but if you can't handle me @ my worst then you sure as hell dont deserve me @ my best!! if you are a bitch then post this on your status! i dare you !!"
rip <propmale> wonny woo- awesome cat!
thanx for the b-day wishes!  lastnight was fun!
gramma b- rest in peace 
"i would like my fb friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!"
thanx 4 all the b-day wishes!!!!xoxo
"if your mom is a hard-working woman, your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or is just the best mom ever  if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in your life   but you only get one mom"
pineapple
"5 deadly terms used by a woman  (1) fine-this is the word women use to end an argugument when they know they are right&you need to shut up (2) nothing -means something & u need to be worried (3) go ahead- this is a dare not permission do not do it  (4) whatever- is a womans way of saying f**k you  (5) thats ok- she is thinking long & hard on how & when you will pay for your mistake  if you agree repost"
"a good mother thinks about her children day and night, even when they are grown  a good mother loves her children in a way that they will never understand  a mom will be there for her children when no one else will  a mom would take a bullet, stand in front of a train, and ask god to take her instead of her child  if you have a child children that you love as much as i love mine, post this"
i loved an ipod riding a motorcycle cause the voices told me to!
is celebrating aiden's 6th birthday   my little man is growing up too fast for me 
freedom!!
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms   i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven "
"aiden has had a good birthday, mommy still can't believe he is 5!!"
"god saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you & whispered ""come with me""  with tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away  although we love you dearly,we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating,hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us,he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas ?"
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness      now"
is cleaning house!
finally    the sun!!!
my feet and my tongue hurt    i'm tired of walking on eggshells and biting my tongue 
"once you made the decision to end our friendship, you also ended the right to know what goes on in my life  so quit asking people, it's no longer your concern "
180 degree skid with the volvo!
"please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking for acceptance and equal rights  promote love & acceptance! not hate ?"
"this week, we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carriedbut never met, or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the  majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a    taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all the little angels?"
internet is back!!
"wishes heaven had a phone, so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday & days before that, too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories & a picture in a frame  ? ?a part of me went with you dad   one day we will be together again,  repost this if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth ?"
"beautiful daughters week  if you have a beautiful daughter daughters that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your wall  your daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime! i have been blessed with a beautiful daughter    "
*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•? put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter in the world ?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•?
"happy new year all!  be safe, but have fun fun fun!!"
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness      93% of people won't re-post this  they need a punch in the face too    smile "
"a canadian soldier is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family, while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for our freedom  re-post this if, you are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops! ?"
*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•? •*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•?             put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter in the world ?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨* •¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•* ¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•? •*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?
"promise to my children: i will stalk u, freak out on u, lecture u, drive u crazy, be ur worst nightmare, embarrass u in front of ur friends, hunt u down like a bloodhound, one time or another in ur lives because    i love you!!!!! when u understand that, i will then know u are responsible adults  you will never ever find someone who loves, cares and worries about you more than your mom! ?repost if you are a mom  smile "
sanity is entirely based on perspective   
 
"i've carried a child within my body  i've slept with babies on my chest  i have kissed boo boos, mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror    i see a mom, and there is no greater    honor or blessing  make this your status if you're proud to be a mom!!!"
sprite   
flu   
"sweet girls come from the south, barbies come from ca, but canadian girls have fire and ice in our blood  we can drive in snow and mud, handle the cold, beat the heat, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook and drink with the boys! we can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion   you bet your ass your gonna hear it!!! re-post this if your an canadian girl!!"
