did anyone tape pentatonic on tour? youtube please!!
has returned in one piece    false
is listening to batman underwear     smile 
has 31 hours 
is beginning to get nervous
"is off to the guillotine  you can try texting me if you want to visit, otherwise call my mama (269-1601)  wish me luck!"
is home from st  <propfirst>'s!
loooves thunderstorms
| god damnit   shouldn't have taken that o o
is stir crazy
bellarotica! my house tonight! come when you're free  smile  u kno my number
thinks nerve regeneration sucks 
"just fyi, i only want to be wanted by you "
thanks for the fun  smile  you know who you are
good luck baby girl  smile 
"is restless, stir crazy, anxious   someone kidnap me please "
is bored   help me out here
is really trying to be patient 
i want some fooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is in crisis mode
is officially a loser 
cant get sick   or else  or else what? exactly 
needs a vacation    or armageddon 
| gasp   am i finally free?
officially contracted the porcine illness  sorry guys 
"applications, tuition and dorm rooms   oh my"
hopefully will be back by tomorrow  stupid hamthrax 
yes hypocrisy is a form of cowardice  so yes   you are a coward 
| howdy there neighbor
is pathetic   if you see me put me out of my misery
pet peeve #2: being too sick to sleep 
loves weed    s
pet peeve #4: hypocrisy 
es <propmale> lado de la playa de laguna 
is sick of boys   how bout a man toy?
needs a new life vest
has recently been told she is irrelevant   nice 
pet peeve #1: when the person you want to talk to signs off  > sad 
pet peeve #5: paying phony professionals 
pet peeve #6: insensitivity
| because red is best 
"is really not all that much better, this is the marathon flu "
i am available to tolerate you in your <propfemale> years 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is not my lover
thinks the three of you should drop out of college 
dayum jude    way to brighten my night  wink 
is watching the <propfemale> bride 
pet peeve #3: 8 month long winters > sad !!!
thinks the big apple is delicious  wink 
is finishing the movie started saturday night   alone   and it happens to be the exorcist 
senior pictures up  make sure you tell me which is your least favorite  playful 
dr dre headphones    hell yea!!!!!
never again  ugh 
"withdrawal symptoms may include   dizziness, anxiety, sweats, electric nerve endings and hallucinations    yup "
that don't impress me much <propfemale>
   shouldn't have knocked   
mmmmm karamel sutra
is finally proud of her smile
hates this part right here
's brother is sleepwalking  he just asked me where the stairs were 
misses <propfemale>
"i'm in motherflippin' love    with <propfirst> mayer"
home  lame 
saw obama today  smile 
"sinus infection   ear infection   pneumonia   you name it, i've got it "
thank god for pharmaceuticals
has strep  being sick away from home is definitely my favorite e playful erience thus far 
near to you   
wishes she could just illegally download movies music like the rest of humanity
he bends his breath around my name   
will officially be continuing her unofficial music education 
is happy
since when has the deletion of paper toss signified the end of a relationship?
"""how can you believe in love in a city where people jerk off on you in the subway??""--sex and the city"
"spending new years at the vet with my cat  yeah, i'm pathetic "
road trip!!!!!!!
is touched by the most incredible birthday present ever 
just met <propmale> westwick and <propfemale> szohr at lollapalooza!!!!!!! too bad they were running away from me   
back in madtown  missin home 
sick   again  my immune system must be on vacation 
she thinks shes :$ @;$ jesus!!
is a gift wrapping master 
is bored on a plane  no snakes 
hello 1999  thought i'd finally escaped you 
hates punctuated solitude 
is <propfirst> possible
"three sleepless nights and counting  please, just kill me now "
hopes they serve something other than beer in hell  like coffee 
god damnit i miss you already   
misses over the rainbow
seems to take this road more often than not 
"i'll find you in the morning sun and when the night is new i'll be looking at the <propfemale>, but i'll be seeing you "
is the happiest she's been in awhile  smile  maybe the sun will stick around 
apparently my phone is on strike   calls only no texting!
is in the mood to give everyone an uncensored piece of her mind 
"<propmale> parrish is gay  female weeds fans, sorry for your loss "
hell yeah badgers!!!!!
wishes she hated her family like normal 18 year old girls 
why is it that being hooked up to an iv invariably makes you feel worse?
loves her new macbook more than oreos   high praise
just had oatmeal for a midnight snack   god i miss my mother shopping for me
despite her better judgement loves chillin with her mama  smile 
kaleidoscope heart is out!!!!!!!
hates logic  and morals  and sweet potatoes 
is unpacked but not organized  welcome to college 
really misses her family  how sad 
mad for madtown
"is having trouble installing her routersuggestions?"
chicago with my two favorite people  smile 
my pillow just burst into flames because it was to close to my lamp  no biggie 
"well, this is certainly a first "
is in rochester for the weekend 
back in rochester
<propfemale> bareilles   marry me?
is reallllly sick
just googled her dad    holy crap
"listening to vivaldi whilst doing homework makes me feel smarter  so does using the word ""whilst """
is definitely a total momma's girl 
"i do wish we could chat longer, but    i'm having an old friend for dinner "
"apparently, fellow facebook enthusiasts, we can now ""like"" ""running down the stairs on xmas and then realizing you're a jew""    oddly specific things people without lives think about"
is disappointed at best 
is missin her <propfemale> girls! good luck this weekend  smile 
i love <propfirst> muszynski     love 
"""if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck its probably a skank "" - <propmale> zais"
hookah alone is my pint of ice cream
one of the most adventurous things left us is to go to sleep  for no one can lay a hand on our dreams  - e v  <propmale>
snow  smile 
feels nearly lame enough to post what she's actually thinking in her facebook status    but not quite
wondering was he really there   was he standing in my room?
misses her dad  and mom  and that weird kid who makes me laugh at nothing 
best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!! eat shit osu!!!!!!
probs getting my gallbladder removed   awesome 
shoes are clearly the best therapy  insurance should cover my manolos 
is in a constant state of <propfemale> vu  not as fun as it sounds children 
sang a few notes for the first time since losing her voice a week ago   and subsequently decided she'd rather be blind than deaf  love you <propfemale> michaelson 
go badgers!!!! eat shit tcu 
netflix instant watch works on the iphone 4   nice 
"back in crotchester, it has not changed "
loves boulder 
i love my goddamn family 
already almost finished with christmas shopping!
