just joined i'm late as hell but feeling good  playful 
just chillin
"chillin at home , not gonna be able to go anywhere with that snow storm from today but i luv it love "
i need a new camera soon trying to think of which one i should get
just chillin tired as hell gonna stay in and relax
is very happy but kinda bored i'll be off and on here ily everyone 
if wishes were fishes the world would be an ocean  and i would drown trying to make them come true omg i feel like swimming   <--random huh?  playful 
is so damn tired  but got my hair done once again love  i may go to sleep so  yeah bbl love 
"glad school is over for now, havent been on here in a minute  laugh   "
damn i just now saw my updates  laugh  thanks so much you guys rock! ?
"had a good day, just chillin now <propmale> at a few places, went to my dad's grave  odd how people drive like they on the highway there too for no reason to o o"
life is good i'm just taking it one step at a time  love 
v my phone died i can't answer ur call  yet u still calllin  and still callin  and it's still ringing  o<propfemale> so battery   wtf stop callin my phone dead can u see?! > > so i'll call u tom   u know what i don't like u!   laugh d but seriously it's dead v no lie plz stop callin <propfemale>?  smile  <propfemale> early christmas!
your the worst best friend ever  v:how? boy: what's my first name? what's my last name? he need to get slapped 4 real  laugh dd
<propfemale> lmao @ your random comments and no  i don't find your drama amusing i find it hilarious   laugh dd
happy new yeaarr   yeah um eh uhh i'm late sorry i had a long night    soo yeah  smile  mm mm mm mm what's up y'all?
"it takes courage to be cowardly    right?  laugh "
i'll reply to my messages tomorrow so if they're read don't worry i'll get to them  smile  i'm ready for thanksgiving already!  playful 
"watch me all night, i'm movin' to the light because i understand that we all need love and i'm not afraid i feel the love, but i don't feel that way -somebody knows what that's about      playful  i feel so sorry for them "
i got my hair done on monday  it's like super curly i feel like a poodle  hopefully i'll put a pic up soon for everyone to see  yes it's finally different no lie 
today's my birthday! thanks for the b-day wishes love 33
"thanks for telling me about the chickens <propfemale>, i feel important now  laugh "
getting out 2 hours ealy from school  laugh  real press love 
"iiin the cafeteria     bored thee fukk out mii mind hehe  smile  passed that damn government hsa ;;; woot woot  smile        wondering watt teww do thiss weekend ???     &&& shout out tew slim <propmale> and his little friend !!"
"i got into a car accident on my school bus like an hour ago  so i'm home now   at least i can feel my legs, so random  surprise "
<propfemale> your a life savor thank you! so just gotta finish the download then i'll start and end this powerpoint   i hate it now eek 
"ugh if you buy a pc it should come with microsoft office tools at least > > so yeah still trying to get my half of the project to work, sadly "
"just came back from the hair salon, i seriously need a camera for christmas but anywho i'm dressed up like a <propfemale> now  smile  (ya i had no other choice mmm   )"
> > i'm a cancer and i'm sticking to it love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope you all are having fun  love 333
"home skillet biscuit for life; ride or die  smile  we real dumb, lil snickers    but we cool  v we need a reunion, all of us  i don't wanna be buckwild i don't go shoes to be throwin like dat   "
"just finished christmas shopping, sooo tired but it's worth it  smile  <propfemale>'s secret is my best friend now love   laugh "
"on the phone with ulrika, ugh i never know what to say on here     so, how's life guysss? lmfao where's my shout out lala>? ooh good times  laugh ddd"
"some people are just gone too soon, r i p <propmale> cuffy  annoyed "
i can't be the only one bored here   right? woooo let's chat  smile 
dally + mgk= love love   laugh  i'll be sure to meet him one day  playful 
"i can't view my messages right now, so i'll get to them tomorrow  smile "
"seen a lot of crazy sad things today, ugh the world is getting crazy isn't it? mm shame  but i got my hair done so yay!  laugh "
ohhh that was offensive > >
well  gotta find a way to get to my modeling interview  in pennsylvania  isn't that just great  pennsylvania! > >
"osama bin laden is dead, this is bad but it trumps the uk wedding for sure! i hope all the families who lost loved ones from 9 11 have some closer and peace now "
good news: i'll be competing in miss teen usa beauty pageant this october yay! bad news: hm   i'm not going to prom  unless i win and wear my pageant dress to prom  now is that tacky or smart? (yes i'm cheap idc  laugh )
i'll go out tomorrow for bday but today i'mma chill  smile  enjoy life  eat my damn food up lmfao where is the cake and icecream yes! not ashamed to want that still i love you guys all of u more than cake love 
"i'm so damn tired, let's hope another earthquake dosen't happen hopes everybody okay  smile "
"can't do anything without this new fb stuff poppin up in my face, sorry if i'm being slow 2 reply thank you all so much 4 the photo likes comments  gotta send 1 in to the pageant so even slower replies, not ignoring just working love "
"why do i feel as though i look like a child in my default or maybe it's the mini version of it hmm (not ashamed to say it i wore the silvery top from last year in it lol, i didn't feel like digging in my closet 4 something   )"
don't you hate it when random ppl you don't add you it's like: o o<--my face when i see it 
"just put these nails on but i'm gonna take them off later, not use 2 typing w  them plus  it looks cheap as hell lol what was i thinkin   i love all of you, so ya  smile "
"those miss usa girls don't stay on their official fb pages 4 long, if i get this i'd be on there but ""like"" myself would be weird lol hmm < <"
"wooo  the miss usa pageant seminar was amazing! met some cool girls and <propfemale> herself! she was so pretty like a barbie   well they all looked like barbies mostly  laugh  i feel great now, time to practice dances & walks  love "
i have to scan my whole <propfemale> for <propfemale>ant review but i don't even know where to begin   so many changes on here o o ugh
everything is a story now? what   
"time to start the scan, removing select past items from <propfemale>, just business love "
cowboys won love 333
