just sitting doing nothing being the man i always intend to be
we just got back from st louis watching a cardinals game we won!! 4-1 we i also went to six flags yesterday my body wont stop going back and forth because of the wave pool!!! notice i am talking in capitals!!!!!
"just being mellow back from ignite chicago great time hanging out with some girls at my church, great time!!!!!!"
i feel like i always do sexy and mellow
ok people of the vineyard campus go to my wall photos or on the wall (they should be there if not caused by an over populated wall chat message   stream)<---mouthful     seuktyuiwe  anyway its your choice the new face of revolution!!!  the first one i posted is called: revolution (no duhh huh?) the second:revolution ii the third and latest design: revolution³ ill come out with revolution ¡!¡! sometime just wait
oh yeah to all my friends and amigos (if your mexican   that was lame) on friday night october something or other (or some bull**** day like this one) on my xbox i got the red ring of death   ayuidgf*fqyuetuqyige^&*@!g&^!t*^&ntg!*(&^#th^&*(r!t928t16utn412784t7924615284    now you have seen my frustration i is dun so gbi       
lol i love my username url  tee <propfemale> facebook com sirgiggles  laugh  ahahhahahahahahahhahaha bow to the awesome sirgiggles the xxvii the great twice removed    well everything is true except the xxvii thing   
wooooo happy birthday mom and aunt <propfemale>!!!! also mystic shes 84 years old!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday!!!!!
okay facebook friends if you like music and everyone does follow me on lala com heres my url lala com #member 14843@184126 and if your like me a rocker to da roflcopter you shoul listen to coheed and cambria!!!!!!
joined the group of not joining a group group
<propfemale> <propfemale> mars telsa hades <propfirst> baron electric station train!!!!!!!
feelin' fly on the g-upside absofrickinlutely  awoooooooooo!!!
parents shouldnt have twitter like my status if you agree everyone think about it do you really want them to have a twitter? nooooooooooo
does <propfemale> varney still have a facebook?
i need conversation someone text me!!!
baptism   
baptism   
baptism   
copy paste to your wall if you want to be rated only positive remarks no douchebaggery 1 )cute 2 )romantic 3 )good guy 4 )raunchy 5 )headturner 6 )beautiful
haircut  wink 
there should be a netowork of billionaires that build air turbines and guess what its called    billion-air
yeah there are more fish in the sea but she was the catch of the day
hmmm okay should i go to that show choir preformance tomorrow or not? im a guy triggered by popular demand sooooo
everyone please pray for me i need a reconnect with god im lost
should i wear a pink shirt with a vneck brown sweater over it tomorrow?
"i think, some people need more time in the world to think through that the enviornment we live in is not falling apart its all media what do you see?  be you   "
its hard to forgive someone that broke your heart even if it was on accident
for me its gonna take time
is now single
everyone pray for no school
aaaannnnnnd it works
i miss her already
"okay hinduism and christianity are very different but we are made by god and that shows that we are sacred namaste means the god in me see the god in you,think"
jfjjfjfjfjjjfjfjjfjfjfjfjjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjjfjfjfjfjffjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfj icksnay on the ottenray jfjfjfjfjfjfjjfjfjfjfjjjfjfjfjfjfjjfjjjfjfjfjfj
coming back from the domeks house    on to quincyyyyyy oh yeah dhs girls i still miss you and if you have my number text me    i get bored!!!
my xbox is fun --for breonna
"little boobs are tittles and big boobs are titonsters quote <propmale> dunham"
is falling in love   again
first soccer practice was filled with mud (way to point out the obvious) wet grass but it was fun everyone else was tired i was just confused
forever 21 with my sister    this might be a while  so whos up for a wall thread?
"soccer cleets: 19 99$<propfemale> guards: 9 99$soccer socks: 5 50$showering down after soccer practice    priceless"
i love emergen c
went to indiana beach freakin love rollercoasters now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the summer boredom begins!!!!!!!!!
likes tight sweat jackets
for time and the world do not stand still change is the law of life and those in the past or present are certain to miss the future -jfk
sorry for what i said just dont try and troll me
and beanies that too
also   i have 3 tootsie pops   
i will now watch <propfirst> powers goldmember on youtube!
if any dhs girls are reading this i misss yooouuuuuuu
going home  surprise 
well    new profile picture after waiting a few months to go back to graffiti grotto
"my gramma is here -_- not even 20 minutes in shes making us clean 1 <propfirst> 2:11-12   amen"
"no no no mini-me we do not gnaw on our <propfemale> eejust love him stroke himif yoou have seen <propfirst> powers: the spy who shagged me youll remember this"
"bon fire its really fun over here a fire with crickets and schoolmates dude highschool is cool  laugh  no -_-<propfirst> d "
and to all a good night
"nas & <propmale> marley - <propfemale>search it up!!!!"
whaddup my tripz i think my texting is back dont text me a ton though
"saw twilight: eclipse yesterday safe to say    it wasnt that bad "
guess whos middle name is <propfirst>!!!!!!!!
done with church hopefully strike is on tommorow also the game 
"lol that one episode of family guy where they launch a missle into quagmires house, he points at the missle and says to answer your question its something like"
"saw toy story 3 today almost cried at the near end    as crazy as it seemsif you know the story you would agree with me  surprise "
took an iq test and got 153
nvm about the <propfirst>
"soccer gamejv tied ~~ varsity is still playing second hald 28:52 seconds left"
made it to level 34 on dead ops!
"ok you all know my mom cat she is back in the hospital and i have a feeling that seeing her might come to an end shortly so please if you read this pray for my mom she is in very bad condition please this man is now on his knees begging, begging for you guys to help!!!"
our cousins are some crazy people    and dont bend down to kiss
"schedule: sad hronological hours   periods world history 1-2 :: covey   9th homeroom :: mahaney    human life science :: hafnerpe :: orvis   french 1 :: schofiel   geometry 1-2 :: <propfirst>    intro to <propmale> :: rackowfr eng found :: mahaneya :: lunch"
"this girl shes always on my mind shes not an obsession she is my love, the only problem is shes taken and i need her back  no matter what"
taking the plan test boring -_-
soccer practice today calves are super stiff
cant stop thinking about black ops
"okay heres the deal all of you who saw my post about boobs should first know i didnt say that <propmale> dunham did if i think something is funny ill say it, im sorry"
game tonight wish us luck at 4 smile 0
this is hard
church and unusual punishment is a hot topic of the day
6 more days until the end of our soccer season   sad 
join my group also guys its on my profile <propfemale> mr covey is a trip dhs welcome
what is dirt earth made from
bought a 64 oz of gatorade  laugh 
that    stupid cell phone only fits 160 characters
tgif
is in a relationship
our snow fort was a fail fort
thank all of you guys for wishing me a happy birthday    i love you all
my mom has no sense of right and wromg punishment any family that trys to prove me wrong keep out of my quarrels
all dhs girls msg me your number if you havent yet    please
i told my mom to throw an orange at me so i could eat one and too bad she cant because she has double vision lol
almost to <propmale> so pumped to see nate and <propfirst> get ready to cheeellllllllll
hope yall like the new profile pic i dont usually put new ones on until it looks radically different so    enjoy
okay question time    dhs girls only should i go to midwest classic?
my grandma saysk toast to the weirdest family in the world
i hate it when you look at the clock and you look away and wonder what time it is and have to look again
sounds like someones breaking in!!!!
"i love my dad he got me a 3 in one game set from call of duty call of duty 2, 3, and waw well i already have waw but i could sell it but i will keep it"
im soooooooooooooo frikkin stressed im might as well pick off flower petals and say she loves me she loves me not!
all im thinking of is snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow ice snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow sleet snow snow snow snow power outtage snow
does <propfirst> hannan have a facebook?
mom please set my relationship status to single send me a private message back
ascension comes out at 24 surprise 0 hours tonight soooooooo excited
shes stuck in my frikkin head shes such a beautiful girl
