making quizzes is confusing
flying purple dog! lol!
no one loves me on face book   sad 
boo!
"wahhhhhhhh!!!!! rip <propfirst> cordner, commonly known as my grandad  i am deeply upset and i need consolation!"
"hrmmmmmmmm        i must be addicted to linkin park, i mean seriousky, i have 39 of their songs, and i listen to it most of the time    "
"there is nothing much on my mind, thankyou very much "
bother
"goddamit, that was supposed to be a haiku "
it's easier to run escape all the dead truths and find myself here
"we had a heart dissection in science on friday, and it really upset me, because  had this vivid image of a heart stopping, and that reminded me of my grandad  i ran out of the room, crying my eyes out and sobbing loudly "
i ams eatings a real big sammywitch  it is full of nummy things! mmmmmmm
my brain
hooray  finally finished year 10 stage challenge  to <propfemale> and evr1 else: sorry  thats it 
"if you ask me how i feel, i usually say 'i dunno' but today, i'm really not sure  it's not like i was meditating at lunch again  but it's just wierd  emotions are almost overrated unless they are needed  all i feel right now is love and well, i can't e playful lain it  it's clear in my head, but not in my words  nothing is really affecting me right now   "
where did you go?
"when was the last time you appreciated someone you love? well, you'd better start  you never know when they might go away forever"
"if u people want me to add you on those wussy games like farmville and cafeworld, you'd better just accept my vampire wars invitation because i can't do anything until i have a bigger clan! i'll come at you with my friggin' vampiric claws if you're not careful!"
"it is new years <propfemale> and i am sitting in the study, eating my mcdonalds and getting ready to go back to my room to watch naruto  best new years <propfemale> ever!"
i'm always getting caught in the crossfire   
"it really hurts whn your friends don't tell you about their birthday parties and then you get told on the night and then your other friends are going and i wasnt even told  i feel like crying  the perpetrator is <propfemale> wilde, who could at least have told me that she could only invite so many people   sad "
gah! christmas cards hard!
"found a troll in the dungeons, troooooooooooll  thought you ought to know  ps <propfemale> is so awesome  this is not a facebook hijack  love from leeelleeeee  ex oh ex oh  <propfemale> is cool  prost "
is it me or am i a facebook noob?
why is the world so bloody unjust????
lillikaya is my real name  isn't that strange      
hello  i am really going insane     
"i got sunburnt  on my shoulders, and my back and every time i move or sit down i want to scream because my back rubs against the chair or my bed  ow"
i just learnt how to do a <propmale> scale on an electric guitar without moving my hand  don't i just rock?
i was watching naruto collection 13 and the guy who plays sagi also voices ichigo  woo!
ieyui nobomenu  renmiri  yojuyogo  hasatekanae  kutamae
"okay, maybe i've changed my mind "
i hate year eleven already  it is going to be a very slow year 
i love vaelntines day! it is so cute!
"i'm never alone, as long as i have love in my heart and some sort of smile on my face"
i hate searching for weapon pieces  officially 
sigh  my ipod just went spastic!
"i swear i am addicted to final fantasy viii  i'm looking up item locations for the final weapons and have been playing for over 30 hours in the last two days, from when i get up to going to sleep-it's crazy but i'm loving it because squall is level 89! no wonder one of my <propmale> names is squallette  yay!"
"thanks <propfemale>, you're such a kind big sister "
"bangers and mash for tea, woop "
ieyui nobomenu  renmiri  yojuyogo  hasatekanae  kutamae
"love is blind until it slaps you in the face with a large species of fish, or in my case, an awkward turtle"
"somewhere   there's a place for us  somewhere a place for us, peace and quiet and open air, wait for us somewhere "
"but the past is the past    it's over, done with "
succumb to my hunger for the cerebral cortex!
"i want to share my songs with the world  3 songs ready for youtube!"
"my daddy is from paddington  he caught the train a lot, from the station "
"curses, to those who are unwell you passed on the infection! i am not enjoying the symptoms, because i cannot sing, i cannot cough without pain throughout my chest, and i will miss out on athletics day because of it dammit i hate bacteria"
 surprise -oa-oa!
"chest infection  every time i cough, i retch  isn't life so wonderful?"
"feels   delirious  my breath is shortmy throat is like sandpaper and the headache in my temples just won't stop "
just heard the amazing news  well done onslow!!! i am very proud of every girl who now has no voice whatsoever from chanting 
whoever gave me this cold is not a very nice person 
"<propfemale> nose, it feels like sandpapers "
poor christchurch  it's not going to be nice news once it's all been cleared up 
"i've been watching the news for 3 hours now, the devastation in christchurch is immense "
"people are being very nonchalant about the earthquake in christchurch  the last one was bigger but there weren't any casualties  this time, people are dead  2 buses were crushed by falling buildings, the cbd was heavily damaged, buildings have been razed to the ground  we should still be optimistic about those who may have survived, but right now, it's not something to joke about "
"for the first time in about two years, i got up at 7 smile 0"
"waking the neighbourhood up by singing <propfemale> + the machine  ""the staars the mooon  they have all been blown out!"""
"i just noticed that i have an extra graphics calculator  wtf  if any of my mates are missing one and shared one with me, tell me "
"earthquake in house that has almost no solid foundations d:"
"i think wellington might be next for a large earthquake, morbid as it sounds the plates are shifting, and so are we "
kicking an owl off a football field is lower than low 
i just saw mr spence in town!  playful 
=i never showed affection to anything but your ego = gotta love parkway drive 
note: do not read 'it' by <propfirst> <propmale> before sleeping 
"peace is but a shadow of death, desperate to forget it's painful past  though we hope for promising years after shedding a thousand tears, yesterday's sorrow constantly nears  and while the <propfemale> still shines blue, by <propfemale> it will turn to <propfemale> <propfemale>  -kuja, ffix"
"is walking  around the house, dancing to metal  having a lot of fun "
mum is home! and she bought me stones!  laugh 
"got some new nail polish, guess what colour!"
"got some new nail polish, guess what colour!"
~we'd jump the life to come~  laugh 
"you know, eating half of the afghans in the cupboard doesn't get you any favour with your mother, it doesn't get any with an  anti-cannibalism society either "
"""i'm ugly"" like this if you think i'm not  post as your status and see what you get!"
"what's better: a village full of moogles or a chocobo that finds things and can upgrade itself?"
writing out scales for orchestra   laugh 
oh   my head   high ab two octaves above middle c   on trumpet   ow   too many high notes   
"like this, and i'll tell you something i like about you!"
escape the fate are coming here?!?! why was i not told????!!!!
"like this if you would actually care if i died tomorrow, post this as your status and see who cares about you"
"i've got a sore om- ombi- ombish- ombisc- oh, give up  my face hurts, okay?"
blueberry    
trepak = double tonguing = d:<
"the soap i was an extra in is on tv, paradise cafõ  not the episode i was in, but i still feel kinda good about it   laugh "
portfolio   portfolio   portfolio    portfolioooo     d:<
"if you know, or if you can tell me, how do i get through mt gulug in ffix?"
"is intending to go to armageddon dressed as a soul reaper, possibly yachiru!  laugh "
"had the most amazing trumpet, drama and physics lessons  pas de deux, crazy improvisation exercises and torque make my day uh-mazing "
"it's been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy and you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are!"
someday the dream will end  love 
so tyt yhc rec byndhan yna vekrdehk yht huf so tyt ryc kuha uid 
my fine is $220 60
i just got sent a trojan virus by someone whose name i'm not gonna mention 
ar-ma-ged-don! excitement x
"embouchure, you get sore too quickly   annoyed "
just put a crack in my phone   oops 
"spent about an hour in freezing seawater   and enjoyed it!"
"hey, look, a virus on facebook! it's facebook photoshop  heehee don't fall into it's virussy clutches, children "
"day 04 - a song that makes you saddark <propmale>- <propfemale> horse "
today just keeps getting better    laugh 
 laugh 
"i like this: m1v(i)1 + m2v(i)2 = m1v(f)1 + m2v(f)2  man, p = mv is cool "
"i just saw mr harrington outside bk, in my shinigami costume  argh "
chocobo
that awkward moment when you forget to sing the g#
tea 
i will be singing in easter assembly    laugh 
argh 
 love 
sliiiiiiiiipknoooooooot
>3<
silver gum
"type ur name: lillikaya streettype with ur eyes closed: jlillikatta streettype with ur nose: lillikaya streettype with ur elbow: oliololikklasyas dstyrterert"
nevermind 
i must abscond from this abysmal limpid animation 
"train, train take us away, take us away, far away  to the future we will go, where it leads, no one knows!"
"today a guy came up to me and said: ""i like your hat"" we then conversed and exchanged names and stories about buses, guitars, and numerous other things  it was pretty cool, actually   smile "
i just found a picture of pikachu and heracross and bulbasaur that <propfemale> <propfirst> from when we were small   smile  it is possibly the cutest thing i've ever seen 
composition composition composition   
levelling up fun 
escape the fate     goddamnit i want to see them live 
i need need need to see etf live
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
"facebook hack, thanks guys "
empires is mine! futureperfect is mine!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"watching the stars, huge balls of gas, millions of <propmale> awayand who are we? observers of the universe, our existence barely affecting it at all   "
new song new song
"single (or not) put this on your status and see what you get (inboxed  )black: i want a relationshipgreen: i'm falling for youpurple: i miss youpink: i love youyellow: you're amazingblue: you're hotgray: we need to talk moreorange: be my texting <propmale>? red: i like you  "
after this the rest is all   
essay essay essay
put this as your status if your brave  for the next 24 hours i cant lie  inbox me any questions and il reply back truthfully but you cant bring it up or use it against me
<propfemale>!
"there's a tree by a river there's a hole in the ground   tell me if you know this song!^^"
"mummy! i love my mum, she's a pirate (the rum drinking type)"
praise be to yevon!
"rapidashweavilerampardosempoleoncrobatluxray"
paramecium!
battle of the bands!
 smile 
just about put my hand in my coffee   playful 
 laugh 
 laugh  yeah! yeah! yeah!
my phone had a spaz   annoyed 
"learning beatles songs, suggestions?"
angels by within temptation you're a sonofabitch
 annoyed  my chest still hurts 
night all  smile 
it's today mccleod 
trumpet time 
son of a gengar!
drama
jaffa cakes!
i keep losing things 
go and see rent!  laugh 
choir camp
"just finished reading through my drama script  hrm "
"""roar let me hear your soul"""
i live at the edge of the universe like everybody else =
i left my trumpet at school  d:< not happy 
i am going to start learning to play the french horn! very hopefully soon!
there were balloons in my bathtub this morning  playful  mum always did have some interesting ideas about decorating for birthdays 
"today i got given a huge bunch of balloons, it was the highlight of my day! awkwardly carrying 7 huge balloons through the corridors of wegc   "
new music <propmale> smith and dresden dolls and coldplay   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
pocky!
"disturbed, bfmv, slipknot, stone sour     i love you sometimes, c4 "
"man, i have so much coldplay now  laugh  (4 albums!!!!)"
"this is what you are e playful ected to do, wear and say  you fit this category, therefore you must stay within it's boundaries "
"new game, pokemon <propfemale>!  laugh "
muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudkiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip
"come to west side story, the best thing since sliced bread we have smoke machines! and an amazing orchestra! and mr <propmale> conducting! and an amazing cast! we shall rock the each performance with great vigour! and we have bags of lollies at halftime!"
"i'm not doing very last-minute bio revision, no, not at all "
"one minute i held the keynext the walls were closed on meand i discovered that my castles stand upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand"
"i am sick  not fair "
"west side story! but my mic wasn't on   annoyed "
"top 6 favorite bands1  vnv nation 2  escape the fate3  evanescence4  coldplay5  parkway drive6  bullet for my <propfirst>post, yeah?"
"internet died, sorry jayden  (sorry dinosaur)"
"no, facebook, you're an une playful ected error "
just made my way right through hey there <propfemale> without stopping!  laugh 
uneventful 
"well, stuff you fb"
<propmale> smith  love 
the awkward moment when you don't count your chocobos 
"can play the first line of stairway to heaven, it's a start!!"
"i'm <propmale> potter, <propmale> <propmale> potter    oooh <propmale> potter ooh ooh <propmale> potter!"
=why do you stoop so low? am i the last to know?= bfmv
"sometimes i forget, but then i remember "
"when you sit outside the east wing playing musical chinese whispers, your life is good "
"ppd: post potter depression  bring on the therapists!"
"i really don't like having to catch early buses, but it is a necessary evil  means i get to walk around lambton quay taking pictures with my phone "
now has a trophy to put on her bookcase!
"<propmale>, i'm in westfield!"
"""    dra veahtc vuiht y fyo du sanka fedr uin sylrehy!"" translation: not good!"
son  of  a  gengar  i am not going to tolerate this new chat dealy-thing 
"i just looked at my keyboard and thought there was a spider there, when it was clearly a tangled up hair tie  -_-"
"i was tired, spelling mistakes are common when i am "
"if you asked me out i'd?[]think about it []reject []accept [] laugh []i don’t know [x]smileif i saw you right now?[] hug you[] talk to you[] slap you[] jump on you[] kiss youyou should:[] text me[] talk to me more[] come see me[] put this as your statusyou’re ____:[] cute  smile [] hot[] amazing[] pretty[] alright[] sexy[] wow!"
synesthesia!
just <propfirst> an a two octaves above middle c with ease  smile 
opinions are for onions who want to be in the coffee section of the supermarket  playful 
"up in kelburn with olly, and it's snowing!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"i had a wonderful day! baking, black books and snow with olly, then at my tap lesson i learnt a whole dance in 20 minutes! and i still remember it! i also got asked to sing at the demonstration concert for a singing competition i did   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
"me: ""oh, i feel a sneeze coming on! nose: ""you gonna sneeze    hehehe""*achoo*nose: ""i was kidding, i thought i'd just give you a nosebleed ""me: -_-"
"to get to sleep, i don't count sheep, i count mareep instead "
spiders  with fluff  and computer screens  and myself  not good 
"please put this on your status if you know someone who is a wanker, or maybe a complete and utter twat! or maybe a two faced bastard, or someone who needs a good hard punch in the face! or a <propmale> selfish 'me me me' drama <propfemale>! these idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for these knobheads, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, so lets see who the 7% with balls are!"
just realising how much i missed my uniform  love 
i have drama at coll   playful 
playing the intermezzo from cavalleria rusticana because i'm a boss 
 laugh   laugh  reached a top c and it wasnt squeaky!
nosebleeds make english more interesting 
i'm a lizard 
"""we may have ruined  all to reach here as quickly as possible""it's national book week  grab the nearest book to you  go to <propfemale> 56  copy the 5th sentence as your status  don't mention the book, re-paste these rules "
when you've got 70 bars of rests and you lose count   
i must listen to love never dies too much because i have the heaven by the sea reprise stuck in my head and i can quote almost all of the lyrics   
"say you're a serial killer  here are the rules:go to your profile & look at your friends on the left side1st one turns you in: <propfemale>  surprise 2nd one knows but doesn't tell anyone: <propfemale>!3rd one is your partner in crime: jayden (every time  playful )4th one is your first victim: johann (sorry!)5th one tries (may succeed) to kill you: heddlebots6th one is the police officer that arrested you: <propfemale>  sad 7th one is your lawyer: <propfirst>    -_-"
still not done  roar i hate physics write-ups 
carrying a french horn and a trumpet home is hard work!
procrastination via playing french horn  laugh 
"~although i may call you a sunfish, it doesn't mean you're an aquatic creature who isn't bright like a star ~ (<propfemale>)"
"feels kinda cool listening to the war of the worlds sound track (the one from the 80s) and drawing lots and lots of dots  the fact i can quote lots of war of the worlds and i haven't listened to it for about 2 years, feels gooood  ulllllllllllllaaaaaa!"
"the awkward moment when you go searching around your room for your ipod because you think it's playing but the song is in your head and you're tired and you keep thinking you see spiders in your peripheral vision  then just staring into space and thinking ""what the hell, i thought my ipod was on abut it isn't and i need to sleep but why is my computer making that noise black thing in my face it's not a spider thank the lord what was that?! oh, it was my phone """
it's snowing in newlands  laugh   laugh 
"it's snowing, and all white outside, and i just got given a gigantic bar of toblerone, it feels like christmas!  laugh "
"my tv keeps flickering, and so do my lights! i had better save my game before there is a power cut   "
"less rain, more snow please "
"the year i got was: 1996age: 1relationship: if you call keeping my parents up all night a relationship, yes best friend: my <propmale>  playful location: wellington like this and i'll give you a year "
exams are over!  laugh 
"oh, the shame    i am only just reading his dark materials "
my childhood just ended    i can see the need for the obsession with <propmale> potter now 
"my cat keeps jumping on me, and ripping into my legs with her claws in the process  solution? i threw a screwed up piece of paper into the other room  my cat likes to <propmale> balls of paper "
why am i wearing a dress   ?
sometimes i see myself as a hardened cynic  then i realise i'm listening to abba   playful 
"""on this day in 2010""    jeez, i was a complete angst machine!"
"hey, look! i have two performances for my sinfonietta on the week we begin our drama performance! joy "
the awkward moment when you get on the bus and can't fit down the aisle because your hips are too big 
spent the last three hours reading in the sun!   love 
i'm having a day 
when lamb of god is so good that the loading bar on youtube doesn't even move and the video still plays perfectly 
"""into the light of the dark black night""  love  the beatles"
"dancing around my bedroom to ""boys of summer"" by the ataris  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
has a drama rehearsal down at coll    at lunch time  fml!
"okay, i am genuinely getting sick of this nose, stop bleeding  right  now "
"i just ruffled my cat's fur  with my face "
"""i don't like your plan, it sucks "" - yuna she's very different in ffx-2!"
i just finished ffx-2!
"i couldn't get more bored    like for a like  i'm only going to do as many as i can be bothered with, so nyeh "
i'm 8 weeks and craving chocolate mints!
shine on you crazy <propfemale>   love 
mind bomb  laugh   laugh 
"ball tonight! i'm all gussied up, ready to make use of my nice new shoes and dress!   laugh "
i finished his dark materials    laugh 
shed a tear listening to god save the <propfemale>  my loyalty to the mother country runs deep 
"just heard ""make it stop (september's children)"" by rise against for the first time on a nz radio station   love "
nothing is more depressing than looking at your ncea results online and realising you really don't have many credits and you've got 25 days left of lessons 
"that snorlax you just called fat? yeah, it's eating rare candies by the dozen for you to accept it  that gastly you just called ugly? it's been trying to learn a new move to replace mean look  that slowpoke you just tripped? he has a learning disability that makes him legally retarded  see that hitmonchan with the scars? he fought in vietnam for your freedom today  put this as your status if you're against pokèbullying  help save a pokèmon a trip to the pokècentre "
i has lots of music to learn for bloody broadway  playful 
the weeping angel you called ugly? she can't even look at herself in the mirror  see that unemotional cyberman? he used to be one of us  the ood that you make fun of? they get treated as slaves everyday  the lady that you called crazy? she knows all of time and space  see the weird man with the bowtie and the fez? he's the loneliest man in the universe  re-post this if you're against bullying in the time-space continuum   smile 
roar 
"my cat thinks it's a great idea to use me as thoroughfare to get to my dad, using her long sharp claws "
just ate a <propfemale> flavoured jolly rancher  mind = blown 
"i came home to find final fantasy vii sitting on my playstation  i proceeded to run around my bedroom squealing "
"i found a new vnv nation album on itunes  in the u s  store, it is $8 99  in the n z  store, it is $21 99  the exchange rate isn't that bad  >3<"
trumpet or french horn?
"i look like a boy today, and i don't really care  anyone who does can take it up with my assistant ""i don't give a shit"""
-__-
i am listening to puff (the magic dragon) on a '45 from 1964   laugh 
grr 
"i walked down to coll    to see if i had rehearsal  only to be greeted by miss <propfirst>, and no other students "
"""<propfemale>, <propfemale>! nothing can beat the music of hundreds of voices screaming in unison!""  -kefka, ffvi"
"hehehehe, funniest lunchtime ever!  laugh "
in mcdonalds - the the (the beaten generation) starts playing  life is complete 
there is a spider under the bucket 
"good morning world! time to start the day with crisps and coca-cola    yes, i will wash my teeth when i get home "
i'm okay now!
post a note i posted one
has enjoyed her evening   laugh 
going to paramore with <propfemale>! yay!!!!!!!!
revision!!!
argh! shopping with my mother! save me!
i'm leaving this city for the skies above!
"my name '<propfemale>' means <propfemale> in finnish, and the 'kaya' means rock in turkish, whilst 'kaja' (which i am going to legally change) means food in finnish  -3- google translate is fun, huh "
more procrastination   at least the harder subjects to study for will be over soon 
"composition evening was massively fail for me, but it was still fun "
"mail me anything you've ever wanted to say to me, it'll stay between just me and you  make this your status and see what you get!"
"i do not know what to with my big sisul  she's turned into a cactus butt  she is a cactus butt, <propfemale> street is!"
i'm better now  i have music  i have the beatles' please please me
how is it that i'm always inspired by rain?
omg  we made it into the national finale  omfg!!!!!!!
i hate writing focus questions!!!! argh!
"go home, go home, go home to <propfemale> <propfirst>    it's stuck in my head"
"it took me fifteen minutes to kill ultimecia, just because she has different forms "
"-_- i no longer adore disney, after having seen numerous videos of subliminal messaging  a corrupt society is easy to control goddamnit"
is absolutely high on ice cream and singing head shoulders knees and toes in chinese 
om nom nom! danishes! i love you auckland countdown 
"don't you just love it when you write a really good lyric, and manage to put some chords with it? i just wrote another one to add to '<propfemale>'s half-assed ukulele songs'  laugh "
noli lacrimare lucet <propfirst> etiam   smile 
"drain the pressure from the swelling, this sensation is overwhelming  give me all a kiss a goodnight and everything will be alright, tell me that i won't feel a thing   and give me novacaine "
omfg  i get to sing fortuna imperatix mundi from <propfemale> burana!
"hrm    i need a snack   *rummages in cupboard* oooh, almonds! ~munch munch munch~"
crossing her fingers  
swear i just saw smoke coming out of my sweater   surprise 
feels like crap  i'm not going in to school today
blarg: why today is evil is now being taken out of my mind 
"i don't want to set the world on fire, i just want to start a flame in your heart  i  love  fallout 3"
"even though i wanna stay mad, even though i wanna get angry   smile "
"ow  shutting curtains is dangerous, i tripped and fell on my knee and scraped my <propfemale>"
"soul eater: good music, good procrastination "
i hate <propfemale> weapon  that bastard is going down!!!!      once i can work out a strategy that will actually be useful instead of my 'renzokuken lion heart-whack the enemy with a gunblade' strategy 
we got into the national finale!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *starts dancing on the table*
waiting for my phone to buzz with a message  the anticipation is killing me  =p
"i had an awesome day: i got to see roszanna <propfemale> johnstone at lunchtime, i learnt how to say you smell good in french (<propfemale> sens bien!) i managed to do my turning steps without blacking out and falling over, i watched doctor who and <propfemale> velvin asked me to help her with ideas for her composition   laugh  i hope tomorrow is good too!"
"i want my croconaw back, i miss it's large, slightly evil-looking face i want my mareep back too i just want heartgold back "
"i love you, <propfemale> g "
i am looking for people to band together with  preferably people who can play instruments better than i can  (drums bass electric guitar etc)
"i hate it when you're so hungry that it feels like someone is crushing your chest  dammit, when is dinner?"
"my nose! owwie! <propfemale>'s head just had to collide with it "
"how can i help you, kupo?"
birthday birthday birthday i turn fifteen in less than five minutes 
" laugh  i just got my present from my dad and <propfemale> early      laugh  final fantasy viii soundtrack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now my life is complete!!!!!! plus a $50 itunes voucher, which i'm pretty chuffed about "
"i might be smiling, but you'll have to look much deeper to see what's really going on  and yes, dad, i have been taking them   smile "
ha ha! it is past midnight and i have bleach and minties  not to mention a busy cellphone  life is good!
"i miss ffxbut damn it was easy "
i am trying very hard not to spontaneously combust at the horrific 'comedy' that whatever obsequious creature made into the radiradirah television programme 
"je suis une chienne, comment voulez-vous me voulez? de derrière, ou sur mes genoux? je suis une salope, s'il vous plaît me règle maintenant  je serai vos joies  cette merde ne vas te faire encule en place "
"???????????????????????????????"
random act of kindness day! woo!
"i have concluded that <propfirst> pattinson's eyebrows look like squashed, fuzzy parallelograms "
"hrm, should i dress up as jesus for christmas?"
"i have taken my revenge on a spider, it ruined my afternoon, now it dies!"
"next time you try to come back i won't be here  i'll ignore it all, everything you say "
"finally, i get squall's lionheart after three years of playing ffviii  i cried!"
apparently some lady is going to sit in on my tap lesson  eek!
"lilliputian- my name may be in the word, but not in the meaning "
"-roar  there, i said it  don't ask for it again "
lilli+guitar+msn+facebook= busy child!
sono spiacente 
"*twitch, twitch* <propfemale> just facebook hacked me  again  over the shoulder hacking! grahh!"
"my washing machine plays ""the trout""  laugh "
gah! f*ck! just rammed my little toe into on bedroom door whilst going back to the lounge  and i think i've sprained it  owwie!
is going into school today! yay for solo assessment!
"is angry, sad and wishing she was smart and it was still may "
fallout new vegas  i want it so bad 
"no, team galactic  i am going to win "
can't wait for lunchtime so she can go on sibelius!
"give me some fucking novacaine already, green day  i can't take this feeling anymore  and no, i'm not just quoting lyrics  i need a fucking hug!"
can play the farthest <propfemale> on her guitar
writing songs- i'm a bit like a machine at the moment 
tune in turn off drop out drop in switch off switch on and e playful lode- i love across the universe
"spent a lurvely afternoon with liam!  smile  i am a most happy girl!"
i  love  imperatives
"i  love  kool fruits, the best sugary snack to rot one's teeth with "
"closing my eyesthis could change everythingfuck "
christchurch   holy shit  i know people who live there 
having fun busking on lambton quay    waiting for the lunch rush so we'll get more money     laugh 
that rotten son of a shoopuff!
"my cat just lent up on my chair, patted in with her paw and meowed at me   smile "
you know you're a cordner when your uncle is wearing a viking hat and saying 'lets go pillage the village'
"if you 'like' this status i will post something on your wall i like about  you  make this your status if you can't "
hair the colour of glowing streetlights-the rain creates a halo  sit and watch the stars go out as darkness moves closer  in the black we reveal what keeps us whole and unbroken-and turn our souls towards what light remains in our hearts   
i just beat ultima weapon  in ffviii  it took me    a less than two minutes 
"kaze ga yoseta   goddamnit! evil japanese lyrics, you are a bitch to learn!"
<propfemale> winn was awesome: big thanks to all you east girls out there who made it happen! special big thanks to mrs miller for being so awesomely cool and    just being so damn awesomely cool! (i'm running out of words    i've been up since 5 smile 0) thanks all!!!
"if you think there's something wrong with me, like this status and comment on what you think it is "
swear i'm not a facebook addict     laugh 
"son if you care to find me, look to the western sky!"
"i'm in isand bay, stalking jayden mudge, et je <propfemale>nge du ris et je bois du cafe a <propfemale> copine <propfemale> lambert's <propfemale>ison  c'est genial!! j'aime <propfemale> chat de <propfemale>, c'est tres <propfemale> <propfemale>is    tres fache!!"
roar
say what you mean: lies will get you nowhere
"combichrist, me love combichrist    (fell alseep to f*ck that sh*t last night)"
nunquam desistere 
"haha, town today with jayden, <propmale> and <propfemale>  my feet hurt majorly but i had the best time   laugh "
urgh  feeling fat for eating too many wedges     urgh 
i like it on the desk!
i'm too worried about school to sleep  time for final fantasy viii therapy!
the look on kid's face when he realises the creepy clown monster could fit through the doorway - so priceless! (i  love  soul eater)
happy smile happy smile
can finally play my immortal on the guitar 
studying by myself at school   because my drama group didn't turn up  sucks to be me!
"i'm being crushed at zeal, and listening to music about ninjas   laugh "
hahaha    adding in french to songs in fun   laugh 
"i was worried, goddamnit!"
"oh shit, it's the spectral keeper  3 <propfemale> later  dude, that was too easy "
drama exam oh shit!
voi che sapete   
pardonnez-moi mademoiselle?
"ow, my fingers, they are burning from guitar playing!"
mroar derealisation is not cool mroar
"just finished avatar, volume three of book three 'fire'  so much for study! onto naruto shippuden, volume three   man, procrastination is fun "
my ponyta evolved! at level 40! woop!
" laugh  ""<propfirst>"" by escape the fate is certainly a change from ""<propfemale> debut siecle"" by paxi"
"mroaaar!!!!!      yeah, i'm bored "
"i found out something i never thought would be possible, saw my old friends maddy and <propmale> (not together) and had choir  i'm having a pretty awesome day  oh and i heard mr  sewart say ""chur"""
rid of him-i feel so much better!
"squall's dead very compelling theory!"
chyanne thinks i'm a fatty  i agree 
rarrrr robot unicorn attack
feels ill and disgusting and is hoping like hell that she will be well enough to go to the big sing 
i almost fell through a glass table    silly <propfemale> 
"should it all come crashing down, around, yeah  would you be there should i stumble and fall, and pick up the pieces  for, forget about the shit that we've been through   i wanna stay here forever and always "
didn't realise l 490 had creepy war-like chanting at the end of it  shudder 
"maybe i know somewhere deep in my soul, that love never lasts  and we've got to find other ways to make it alone   but keep a straight face  and i've always lived like this, keeping a comfortable distance  and up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness  because none of it was ever worth the risk  "
cozy cake shop chips-the best way to a good afternoon 
depression is not a sign of weakness  it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  post this as your status if you know someone who has had depression or if you have had it  most people won't keep this as their status for more than an hour     
"'just hold your chocobos, and wait!' -wakka, ffx   laugh "
"of course <propfirst> is terrified, lady bracknell is scary"
august and september  omg  the the have blown my mind   
i just finished writing a summary for 'the importance of being <propmale>' it's a <propfemale> long   
" laugh  thanks to everyone who posted 'happy birthday' on my wall  i love you all! and even if you forgot, i don't mind, i forgive you! my form class forgot   until i told <propfemale> and they remembered  thanks 118a, for the awesome support, even if it only lasted for a few minutes   laugh  thanks again!"
"hello, you fantastic salad sandwiches! how about making my day, and indulging me in some amusing , intelligent and good conversation?"
solos tomorrow! i am nervous
"i've got a tight grip on reality, but i can't let go of what's in front of me here  i know you'll leave me in the morning when you wake up, leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream "
finally i am on facebook on a fast computer-thak you!!!!
i luuuuuurve you roszanna <propfemale> johnstone
is feeling bad for being mean   and stupid
"why, oh why am i listening to meteora?"
"i feel awesome: i can play lots of beatles songs on my ukelele (is that spelt wrong?) plus     i can play i'm yours, the proper version, you are my sunshine, across the universe and a beautiful lie! my fingers hurt    "
"kaze ga yoseta kotoba ni, oyoida kokoro  kumo ga hakobu ashita ni, hazunda koe "
"not many people comment on my posts    i suppose i had it coming being such a moody beeatch  bugger "
"couldn't decide what to listen to, so i gave up and shuffled my ipod  first song was uncertain smile by the the   smile  musical hunger satisfied   laugh "
wishes her friend would keep talking to her 
has a social life today 
how many years since you found yourself staring at an endless sky? unaware of yourself who you are and where you're going  only living only breathing   
"if you 'like' this status, i will write something i like about you on my wall  make this your status if you can't contain how awesome you are "
"the gleevent was less than i e playful ected, except for <propfemale>  and not just because she's my sister  also <propfirst> was brill "
argh! i have two assignments and i'm busy every single day from here to the end of the holidays because of tap and people still want me to do things with them  it is madness i tell you!
"even though i am unwell, i have the determination to get better to go to the big sing  be prepared, viral bacterial (i'm unsure which) infection! i will get you with my panadol and sleep patterns!"
"has a bag of salsa doritos, orange tic tacs, crystallised pineapple and coca-cola   smile "
i am finally getting my hair cut  yus!!!
"if you 'like' this status, i will write something i like about you on my wall  make this your status if you can't "
"i cannot sing!!! my voice has become kaput! noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't practice either of my pieces for solos!!!!! on the bright side, i can play on my ukelele  laugh "
"yes i'm lonely wanna die, yes i'm lonely wanna die, if i ain't dead already, well you know the reason why  -<propfemale> blues, the beatles"
"as if sitting here watching anime and eating applesauce wasn't enough, i also have ffx!"
had a fabulouso monday with wigglefish lulnuk platypuspotato and a amazingly chillaxed tuesday with <propfemale> lambert amd today with dad and <propfemale>  yay for socialising!
"you like things that are bad for me  i'm in a volatile, angry, dangerous mood  don't push me "
"tap is exhausting    evil, evil, amalgations!!!"
yay!- i downloaded lots of relaxing classical music   laugh  now have something to fall asleep to!
will whoever blocked my facebook messages please unblock them? i am exceedingly annoyed i cannot message my friends 
"she's not a girl, who misses much  do-do-dodododo oh yeah   she's well acquainted with the touch of a <propfemale> hand like a lizard on a window pane, the man in the crowd with the multicoloured mirrors on his hobnailed boots; lying with his eyes while his hands are busy working overtime, the soap impression of his wife which he donated to the national trust    i love the beatles  smile "
"god, today has been fail "
damn you <propfemale>  i can't shop to save myself and you give of a cotton on voucher!
heehee  listening to the end theme of ffviii    i love that final cutscene  it's so sweet and the music just makes it so much more satisfying!
is sunburnt 
water in my shoes  ew 
"copy this to your status and see what people want from you  a hug, a relationship, another <propmale>, a good laugh, an apology, a date, a kiss  inbox only!"
i have no shame! i dance in supermarkets!
toy story 3- so mind-blowing i almost cried   laugh 
walking to chombichrist= good fun but really sore legs!
mraor
i am unhappy  i am stressed  grrr
"for me, <propfemale>'s little shindig didn't turn out too badly   laugh  i nade some new friends!"
"tic tacs, a big v, two up and go energise and a cookie  i love fix   laugh "
found a pair of jeans she thought she had misplaced that go with basically everything she owns  booya!
"note to self- each time you finish a game, don't bawl your eyes out "
"maths is fun when you have facebook mobile, an ipod and <propfemale> lambert beside you!"
heehee  pokemon <propfemale>  hehehe
 smile 
bio tomorrow! excitement!
"fallout 3, when will you be less terrifying so i don't have panic attacks whenever a feral dog attacks me?"
"i want to decorate my ukulele  what should i do to it? his name is kk, <propmale> kinneas  he's red  but i want to make him beautiful!"
i have lost most feeling in my right foot    argh
"after tagging those tagmybuddy pictures, i have come to realise how well i don't know my friends  it's quite sad to think i do not have enough close friends to be able to tag them perfectly  and i'm slowly drifting from my current group of buddies  i wasn't invited   and i'm afraid that will keep happening "
let's hope tomorrow is better than today   smile 
research time tomorrow! it's amazing how i'm not actually procrastinating my science and drama research assignments  i'm even looking up the books i need so i can get them almost straight away  then i'll be working hard!  laugh 
"to those who know what i'm talking about; i'm over him, and i'm taking a break now    that's all you need to know unless you wish to enquire further "
"waitin' on my sundae at mcdonalds, feeling like a cool chick since i'm going to dip my chips in it "
je pleure
gone fishin'
"""ford, i think i'm a sofa "" ""i know the feeling"" ""argh!!!"" i love hitchhikers guide to the galaxy   laugh "
sound the trumpets! i got excellence on my first composition! huzzah!!!
"""i'm sorry for twisting your dna like a kitten with a ball of yarn """
fish custard
solo performance is over! hallelujah!
"fuck, i hate it when my actions that have nothing but good intentions backfire on me  fml!"
i'm going crazy here 
"like, dislike, first impression, confession "
"cat face, he's got the face of a cat, he's got the body of a cat and the face of a cat, cat face!"
i eat medicham for breakfast!
"arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  this will be my last tap exam, according to my mother   crying "
who is pumped for solos? me!
100 crunches   50 push-ups    one minute leg raise    100 side crunches  my motivation? escape the fate  smile 
"bonjour tout <propfemale> monde  je ne veux dire pas  j'ai mal au coeur et je sens mal  heureusement, je ferai chez moi á sept heures moins vingt "
i wanna talk to somebody but my mates are out of texts and i don't want to be imposing to anyone who is online  ugh 
has had two weeks to do her homework   and decided that she should play final fantasy ten instead of doing homework today  there's always tomorrow!
"i am considering songs for solos, and i'm sooooo stuck: who thinks i can sing green finch and linnet bird?i'm also doing annoyed uteki da nebring me to life but i need more songs   "
i have apple juice that tastes like <propfemale> syrup 
 smile  heeheehee 
who feels fml? i fell fml  just what i needed  i have four-five assessments next week and you make me feel fml  thanks  i'll go cry in my room now
"j'espere <propfemale> sens bien, ou je devrai    tu manges!"
almonds almonds almonds
happy cheesecake day!
"i'm over feeling upset about nino  why stay that way? i don't care anymore  i'm stuck between the people who dislike him and his friends  so, i'm taking my own approach  i apologise to you, i reacted badly and i won't do it again  so i won't <propfemale> towards either infatuation or hate towards nino, i will only be his friend  it was good while it lasted, but it's over "
"lying on the couch  next thing i know, there's a spider crawling across my chest  lets just say, i did a lot of screaming "
"something  smile  every etf fan should know what i'm talking about "
science homework is never better than fallout 3
"is indescribable-yeah! i love you, <propfemale> lambert"
"my tap teacher told me to be ""sexy"", and to think ""i'm so attractive"" when doing my amalgamation  hell yeah"
"mrawr, fun fun i am at roszanna <propfemale> johnstone's house eating her food and watching her tv  oh and hacking her facebook    in a friendly way "
i have never been very fond of <propfemale>'s parties  that is exactly why i am hiding in my room watching glee 
facebook chat is infuriating: one of my convo's isn't scrolling and one is going past the top of my <propfemale>  -_-
hello night  once again i enter your deep embrace 
i need someone to talk to  i can't cope 
k-fry!
"like, roar, people  who thinks that solo performances are a little too close for comfort?"
is soaked to the skin    i'm not having what you'd call a 'wonderful afternoon'
"crash crash, boom; let it all burn, this hurricane is chasing us all underground"
"bbbbored  beyond  belief "
"writing songs is such good therapy  ci think i new it from the startf7 that you would work your way into my heartgi had an inkling i couldn't denyca had a feeling and i didn''t know whycso began to get to know youf7you blew my mind and out the door it flewgso i'm mind blown and my heart took it's placeci hope my brain is in outer space~"
"woo hoo!  just got this is war, all the lost souls and the white album!  laugh "
i'm always tempted to start tap dancing on the bus!
"good lord, save me now "
"quite a while ago, i was walking to robotics, and saw a dark cloaked figure across the road from <propfirst> <propfemale> and i  i looked for about ten seconds, then turned away and asked <propfirst> if she'd seen anything  she said she hadn't, and i dismissed the apparition  about two weeks later, i was walking into the spot where my friends sit, and i feel a cape flowing out behind me "
 annoyed 
"making a song list- each song represents one of my friends  if you have any suggestions, for yourself or others, post them here!"
"es tont ein voller harfenklangden lieb' und sehnsucht schwellen,er dringt zum herzen tief und bangund labt das auge quelleno rinnet, tranen, nur herab,o schlage herz, mit beben!es sanken lieb' und gluck ins grabverloren ist das leben choir-is controlling my life!  laugh "
"roszanna <propfemale> johnstone, if your nickname is whale, what is mine? elephant????  laugh "
spider on my arm! they're out to get me 
"i wish i could go mad like stein  it would be fun, dissecting everyone   laugh "
"now i can't let go of this dream i can't breathe but i feel   good enough,i feel good enough for you~evanescence-good enough~"
making a hat    this is where my hand-sewing skills come in handy!
heehee! having lots of fun at <propfirst>'s house! found out i can quote the fox movie <propfemale>   laugh 
argh! i got home just as bad romance finished on glee  nooooooo!!
grr
i feel like shit   
mroar  smile 
home again! yus
i want a chocobo!
worst sleep of my life  it's so hot in our backpacker room it took me two hours to get to sleep 
i give up on homework for today  my brain is fried from trying to think of focus questions and getting my head 'round my drama play's plot  now it's time to beat <propmale> up in bevelle in ffx!
night-time brings out the strangest things in people!
boo!
"is learning the guitar for e kiwi e for choir  it's harder than it looks, but at least the strumming stays the same  here are some strange chords in there!"
 laugh 
d: to @_@ to  laugh 
"i'm so happy i don't get my nutrients by means of extra-cellular digestion  it would be messy, and rather disgusting "
colours of rain- vnv nation  smile 
"""never give up, never surrender!"" -fantina (hearthome gym)"
"i am nice and warm  i'm going to love this summer!"
"the world is crude, impolite and disrespectful  i just got 'fuck you east girls' yelled at me  how dare they!"
" smile  my feet hurtbut i'm happy "
home!
fuck it  i do not care anymore  i'm so sick of these games 
=|
excellence for level one music!  laugh 
"~it's been a long, long, long time  how could i ever have lost you? when i loved you?~ long, long, long - the beatles"
the music block smells like some guy came in and sprayed heavy aftershave everywhere!
"nationals, here we come!  laugh  i'm super excited  not so excited about the work i'll have to catch up on though!"
"like a vice slowly getting tighter, i'm crushing harder and harder on you "
i feel like a bloody narwhal has swum it's way into my stomach and started dancing to rave music  i'm so nervous about auckland
had a fab day today    climbing up walls isn't my favourite hobby but it was good!
there is just too much to deal with right now 
"hehehe! no exams today, time to get in some quality reading time, and maybe a little bit of study!"
"wish me luck! mr worthing, here i come!"
 smile 
i just got beloved by vnv nation-my life is complete
i have made my decision 
"one day down  many to go,"
today is a good day for red liquorice 
is going to see paramore!!!!! hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored  bored  bored 
"does anyone want to join chyanne, teigan and i on a fitness crusade? it shall be very empowering to be in control of one's eating habits and body!"
i love it when the only choice for afternoon tea is curry   smile 
exams are over! yus!!!
"    then i see your face, i know i'm finally yours, i find everything i thought i'd lost before  you call my name, i come to you in pieces   so you can make me whole "
like this status and ill write this   dear _______; i _____ you   you have a nice______  i think you are_____________ youmake me _______  you should _______ someday i will ______ you + me =________ if i saw you now i'd scream out __________ i would build a _______ just for you if i could sing you any song it would be _________  from:___________________
"mr meares: ""<propfemale>!""  <propfemale>: *looks up from phone* mr meares: ""naughty   "" <propfemale>:  laugh "
i'm happy now     smile 
you wouldn't know love if it crushed your fucking chest  enough said 
"i'm sickly    and my dad serves up me up some chicken soup, thanks daddy!"
i have hiccups from trying to cough up phlegm  it's gross and i still can't get the phlegm out of my throat   sad 
rocket!
"electric guitar, will be mine, christmas   laugh "
hello  
"i want to tap dance but i'm in a waiting room and i want to tap dance  goddamnit i want to tap dance "
"i just put my first cover up on youtube eek!"
i'm so bored 
"one more exam! french!!!  ugh, save me!"
"in a bar, drinking coke, wondering when it will be time to go home   annoyed "
do not get the dislike button it is a phishing scam! it will get all your contacts and send you viruses! i repeat: do not get the dislike button
it is very hard to not tap dance on a bus when you're listening to your favourite dance song   wink 
"was reading and now cannot sleep  thanks a lot fragile eternity  bloody faery books, always get me too sucked in to be able to sleep afterwards"
"tea, you must cool down before i can consume you  so get colder damn you!"
j'espòre rõussir mes examens   sad 
we found a cat on the waterfront
my totodile evolved and now it's not cute   sad 
tralalalalalalalalalala!
"errr  french writing  assessment tomorrow, solo performance in two weeks, music works assessment to finish, two dances to learn, physics  this term is going to be  fuuuuun "
"fml, my stupid guitar had to go and pop it's g string while i was tuning it!"
is actually thinking of recording some of her little ditties that she's written onto a disk    laugh 
pizza  you are torture 
oh shit  time to get on the plane again   sad 
"don't you just loooove it when you comment on a status and the person who was previously replying, doesn't reply? ohhhh good times    not "
can play <propfirst> by escape the fate     on her ukulele 
"facebook mobile, thou <propmale> my saviour "
"bronze award-thanks to everyone in cantala, and especially to mr <propmale>, you worked so incredibly hard! love you girls! xox"
i think many people in this world deserve to be hit with a rather large hammer
<propfemale> lights after midnight    smile 
luck is on my side tonight! my bus was at the station late so i managed to catch it in time!  laugh 
"there must be something moderately wrong with me, i just put meteora, minutes to midnight and hybrid theory back on my ipod "
woke up an hour late   annoyed 
fail maths 100 coming my way
like the brightest <propfemale> you shine   <propfirst> baby   you make me feel so alive i got purpose once again! =escape the fate=   laugh 
"the hallowed lands so far behind, as fleeting dreams still linger  like distant voices through the rain like grains of sand cast from my hands"
can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep still buzzing still buzzing still buzzing paramore paramore paramore   
"i am tired  and happy, and feeling good "
"i killed <propmale> flux!woop!"
"i'm a simple cow, living a simple life  but sometimes i feel e playful loited  ireland will never be free until i can marry my brother  gotta love black books!  love "
fun french homework!  laugh 
has spent about 3 4 of the last two days on her nintendo ds    playing pokemon <propfemale>  hehehehe
half of what i say is meaningless 
i have chocolate liquorice!
mail me something you have always wanted to tell me    no matter what it is =p  copy and paint this and see what you get!
football to head= not so impressed 
"just tune in, turn off, drop out, drop in, switch off, switch on and e playful lode!"
tu me manques    sad 
i think i'm a murderer  i just ate <propfirst>'s head 
guess who is singing 'somewhere' from west side story for her solo assessment    me!  laugh 
"woah, i'm unbeatable! pokemon, advance battle! woah, i'm undefeatable! from the stars to the ancient past they think they'll win but they'll never last!  love "
i don't think i'll ever be good in barsi  annoyed 
 laugh  i am ready for amazing present making!!!!
roar!  laugh 
i  love  <propfemale> manson  @_@
"type your name: lillikayatype it with your elbow: lil;,l;ikla7y6atype it with your nose surprise ilolikayafun!"
is wearing lycra   wink 
my fingers won't stop throbbing   
my contacts gave returned miraculously!
good morning world! why what a lovely day the sky has given us  more rain 
"""the precepts must be obeyed!"" ""like i care!""  laugh "
rawr
excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited for paramore
"he is gone, and yet i do not weep  tomorrow looks brighter already "
is shattered 
f my itunes that sonofagun it deleted all my f-ing basshunter
"omg, it took over 10 revives so i could beat flint's infernape  i landed two hits in total "
my fingers betray me  trying to play fragments of memories is hard for an extremely novice piano player 
is disenchanted 
"my dad, <propmale> street is a weird man he's a total cactus butt!"
is almost a year twelve  -_-
"""hold on, i'm trying to think!"" - mr <propmale>"
"3 black mages albums    all mine!!! i'm leaving this city for the skies above!"
"i'm feeling nervous, trying to be so perfect   because i know you're worth it, youre worth it "
"my footsteps <propfemale> down the hallstheir hallowed remains empty as i tears soften the ground that falls away into nothingi must stay constant like the movement of time or the past will crash into the futureif i close my eyesi can feel eternitycaressing my face and wiping my eyesendless possibilities flow into my fingertipspull the threadsand manipulate fate"
"omg  all my contacts have been erased  message me with your number, people "
i never thought my mother would be able to <propfemale> my grandfather alone 
"train, train, take us away take us away, far away to the future, we will go where it leads, no one knows!"
"tap exam, wish me luck "
*um *
i think i'm sunburnt  my arm is pink  oops 
i'm pretty sure covering myself in fluorescent pink sharpie isn't terribly healthy 
"compared to sin, we humans are mere mud puppies   laugh  i'm a mud puppy!"
"my baby has come home!  bring on the finger calluses!!!! (by baby, i mean my guitar  his name is <propfirst> and by no means does it relate to mr barclay  it's a walden and '<propmale>' has been overused )"
bewildered and in disbelief 
aard'vark n  s african ant bear 
not pleased 
"capo is mine for usage  hehehe  p!nk, <propfirst> swift, iron and wine     laugh  i can play lots more songs now!!!!  laugh "
"i was there again today  the place that was ours and ours alone  the memories came pouring back into my head, bittersweet nostalgia to make me think of you "
fru fyhdc du maynh <propmale> bhed fedr so?
sigh 
j'ai bien fait dans mon examen de danse à claquettes!
"knows all of the lyrics to naruto ondoi have a sad life "
"oh where oh where has my sanity gone, oh where oh where can it be? oh, right you took it away from me "
it's not going to be cold! *goes outside* oh shoot! where's my scarf?
wants to destroy something  right fucking now
apollo 13 mission control was awesome  i send huge thanks to <propfemale> laine-smith for a ticket!!  laugh  i was propulsion!  laugh 
heeheeheeheeheehee
"pike river mine, the lives of those lost summed up on the evening news  eerie silence accompanying each of their names as  they are read out  the narrator choked when he got to the youngest miner, only 17 years old i hope their souls travel safely to the other side "
last day of maths for year eleven  score!
<propfemale> is a lizard woman 
"i've been to hollywood, i've been to redwood, i've crossed the ocean for a heart of gold   love  <propmale> young"
"just a little poem i wrote about cantala    we can flycarried on wings of songsoaring over land and sealeaving nothing more but awewhen we flywe move with graceenthralling our audienceand loving nothing morewe are cantalaand we shall ariseto win our heart's worthwe are cantalaand we share our magicwith all denizens of the earth "
"and there do i see my father  my son  my life  and there do i see nature  pokemon  the world "
has new clothes!  laugh 
alone on new year's <propfemale> 
"i have waited two hours in the sun today with no shade!i have sunburn!"
has sand in her hair   laugh 
cous cous!
just watched atlantis! and is now watching the black cauldron!
"physics  chem   guess who is going to change her subjects back to things she can stomach? me "
the bus has not yet come and is late  not cool!
likes the heat aspects of physics!
songs i could learn? guitar voice  please recommend some!
"e naymmo ryda jey binevelu  cdibet kmobr "
i'm not adorable!
"if you think i'm hot pretty like my status, if you're my friend put a ' smile ' (smiley face you silly people-mainly mudge), if you love me put a ?, poke me if you want to kiss me, if you want my number post ' wink ' on my wall, if you would go out with me inbox me, and if you are as brave as me, put this as your status and see what you get!"
"let me be empty, oh and weightless and maybe i'll find some peace tonight "
"code geass is very good  i wish lelouch would just harden up and drink a cup of concrete though  taking refrain, what an idiot "
"there is confirmation! i am sunburnt!"
physicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysics    what am i doing next year? physics!  laugh 
maths  tomorrow  and i can't sleep  -_-
suprishibg 
a music player just fell on my head    ow 
"i thought we could be good friends, yet you beat and abuse me  i ignore it but i know you're just bad for me in the end  i weep, for my heart was nothing less than true all this time "
just managed to hit - and hold the final note in no good deed from wicked 
i had a dream where i was bffls with orochimaru and wielded a zangetsu   laugh 
"happy  this word describes my present emotion  i'm so happy"
you won't leave my head but you won't ever enter my sight 
"i am a person, that is all i am "
fizzy good make feel nice
ftw
dances for two hours then has mcdonalds for tea   laugh 
i  love  <propfemale> <propmale>  just putting that out there  =p
"excalibur, excalibur  "
still debating whether i should do physics or not 
don't you just hate it when you get your hopes up and they get shot down in flames right in front of you?
"lip gloss and blacki  love  you"
the the- this is the day  where i look like i just walked out of one of their music videos 
"at a bus stopsinging in japanesecould life get any weirder?"
i just saw a happiny carrying a quagsire!  wink 
"whoever said i was good at tap was lying:i got a c- 53 100-_-"
happy new year 
fml  i studied hard for my maths exam  now it looks like i can't go to it 
"i wanna be in the zalwicks company, so i can be in 'i wish i were a chocobo'  gotta love ffix "
"it's really funny, because in naruto the guy who looks like <propmale> potter is the assistant to the guy who looks lord voldemort "
i wanted to wear my hidden sound village headband to my exam today but i thought my hidden leaf buddies would be jealous of me   sad 
dad always makes a scene in the supermarket
school's out!
"i must say, the guillotine part 3 tops parts one and two "
"bored and i have no playstation "
tea = good for nerves 
"i missed pokemon the movie: arceus and the <propfirst> of life not pleased "
"i'm loving my advent calendar  it even has a story on the back!"
i need you so much closer
"nervous, kupo!"
tragedy  another day lies broken and lost  a shattered life cuts the pulse of acceptance  and all i want is to be more than this  and all i want is to be anything but this 
a moogle just called me a bastard! hahaha!
"ashley: best song ever  listening to it full bull on my ipod  fuck yeah!"
this is harder than i thought  bugger 
"ffx, remiem <propfemale>  shiva just did 60235 damage on her overdrive   laugh  i am very pleased "
"writing songs at 12 smile 7 am best time to be creative "
"crying in english isn't nice, especially first period english "
   can't believe it!
"when you're listening to the the and the war of the worlds soundtrack, you know you weren't born in the right <propfemale> "
it's never futile   
"paramecium, paramecium,  even better than a unicorn "
"my physics teacher's name is fergal harrington  he's <propfemale> "
"the riddle by <propmale> kershaw  brilliant song "
"just uploaded some vids     <propfemale> phillips, <propfemale> zaia i'm sorry if you don't like them, they're not coming down "
"""sad is happy for deep people"" - <propfemale> sparrow, dr who series 3 "
"i roll down the window and then begin to breathe inthe darkest country roadand the strong scent of evergreen from the passenger seat as you are driving me home"
we have to find a better way 
"finally, i have papermoon by <propfirst> heavenly6! my life is almost complete!"
fro sicd e ryja yfvim tnaysc?
"my noodles hate me  they burnt me, then fell on the ground "
"i'm learning <propmale> bhed! e muja vehym vyhdyco dah! pid e siccat dna tacdnildeuh cbrana eh bevelle, cu e ryt du cdynd ykyeh "
"just because i tap dance in the supermarket to the black mages ""force your way"" doesn't mean i'm not cool "
brain mush!
"""lazy bum"""
"oh, oh! know where you belong, the lights are dark and the waves keep coming on, when you belong the, lighthouse light is on   smile i love the bizarre tales  love "
"is happy, but completely and utterly bewildered "
"silly tidus, being a silly dream of the fayth "
moodle  i hate you  you don't work on my computer 
is looking forward to school because waking up at 6 smile 0 on a sunday is just sad 
i hate hate hate infatuation 
