the end of my first semester at asu is almost over and it seems promising  at least i'll be able to breathe during the winter break 
fröhliche weihnachten und glückliche feiertagen!
"well, its official  the end of the semester is here and i couldn't be more glad to have a well deserved winter break  all that is left is to get the final grades and hope for the best this next coming semester  good night everyone!"
"is anxiously waiting for the final grades to be posted on blackboard  it feels like the longest time i've ever waited for my letter grades  hopefully, i did alright, but i need to know before i go insane "
"schlägt seinen kopf am tisch, weil er viele schwere hausaufgabe hat  ich will einanderen ferien "
is finally done with midterms and ready for spring break 
just saw avatarand was very impressed  the 3d visuals felt like a good bonus to the e playful erience  the story reminded me of dune and a little bit of <propfemale> wars  i would definitely recomend seeing it 
"is living an eventful life serving the kingdom  first, helped remodel pastor <propfirst>'s house  next, had an adventurous hiking trip  finally, helped out a bunch of guys move out to another house during a monsoon  awesome  smile "
"well, my team lost the super bowl, but instead of becoming hardened and resentful, i'm going do what pastor <propfirst> smith suggested: praise god even when i lose and be thankful for spending time with friends and family today  it was definitely a good game "
i love god because he first loved me 
"a definition for insanity: performing the same act over and over again e playful ecting to obtain different results after every attempt we must be insane to assume that people suffering from insanity know anything about probability when they perform an act repeatedly!"
"is off on vacation in florida until tuesday august 10  first, going to a wedding, then e playful loring disney world!"
"organic chemistry and christianity have something in common: just like a mechanism, the bible guides you along with jesus as your catalyst to the production of perfection  you just don’t want to find yourself in a syn confirmation with him because there’s too much steric tension in that confirmation and you will eventually break the bond between the two of you "
"is finally back from his vacation! i thank all of you who wished me a happy birthday, prayed for my safe trip, and gave me plenty of notifications to look at when i got back! you guys are all awesome! b>)"
"? when the walls close in around melet your <propfemale> light the darkness of my nightwhen the suffering's all that i seemay i walk with you by faith and not by sight ?"
"19-24, steelers all the way baby! let's go for 7 super bowl championship wins!"
glória in excélsis deo et in <propfemale> pax homínibus bonae voluntátis
"""the gospel is not only the most important message in all of history; it is the only essential message in all of history "" - <propfirst> bridges"
i love god because he gives me labors to faithfully perform for his <propfemale> 
"awesome hike today especially with friends like <propmale> shields, <propfirst> duell, <propmale> crawford, elora diaz, <propmale> washington, and <propfirst> bostwick to make it all the more entertaining  we even made it back to play football in the rain! it's days like these where you can appreciate how many activities you contributed to and finished "
just clearing some last minute assignments and strategically planning how to lead men to the lord in the restless land of california  i can't wait to see what's in store for us on the horizon at sdsu!
