im like in love w  my new profile pic- thx jacob!!! smile  smile 
has anime fever- i love it!
watchin the vma's
i'm bored!
ahhhhhhh!!!!- everyone stop bailing on me!
dammit- couldnt get skinny jeans- im pissed now
lol!!!- last night was so fun- went skating and got skinny jeans!- thx <propfemale> and <propfirst>  smile 
staying up tonight w  church-blechhh- but hangin w  <propfemale> at the same time  smile 
is swamped
where is everyone?!!  sad 
tired- bored
haha- happy halloween everyone!!!  smile 
anyone goin to the mall?
ummmmm      is sunlight supposed to burn?
let this show that i do not agree <propfemale>- jk  smile 
is with the awesomest person in the entire freakin' world <propfemale> <propfirst> campbell
just finish<propmale> drivers <propmale>- cant wait for tomorrow  smile 
(in song)  i like traffic lights i like traffic lights i like traffic lights but only when they're green  i like traffic lights i like traffic lights i like traffic lights but not when they're red
"if you had practically no social life, what would you do to not be bored?"
school tomorrow- tired excited nervous
blahhhh
i feel sooooooooo f-ing loved!!!!!- thanks everyone!!!!!  smile )))
hello i am deion and i like to eat feet they r my favorite food ever!!!!!!!
thx everyone for the happy b-days
people of the earth- i am reptar!!- hear me roar!!!!!!!!!
haha- yesterday was so fun!!- im like radiating happiness now  smile 
ok- to all those people out there who like somebody but will never let them know that- unless you have a really good reason for that then you should just tell them  take the leap because thats what life is all about- risks- who cares if they dont like you back- it doesnt mean nobody will ever like you
when all around you crumbles- what can you do but laugh- thinking how you always knew it would happen- hahahahahahaha
how about everyone just piss off- if u have to ask if that means you then yes it does
dont you even start to think that just because youre ignoring me means that you wont have to deal with me again- because u are quite wrong
i need to make $150 in one day and i dont have a job t t
saying goodbye to facebook- if ur a real friend of mine youll have my number so we can stay in contact- well goodbye world
sigh
haha guilty http annoyed  chatter com a ccj0e?ref=nf
it'd be nice if i had at least one friend that didnt turn their back on me   
my phone is being gayyy!!!
is it me or are all of the guys on this website just looking to get some? http annoyed  chatter com a cbrii?ref=nf
