is now ready to drive in europe   
it's really hard to drive somewhere   if you dont know where it is   
mama mia   here i go again   
dont be offended by <propfirst> analisis   think of it as personality dyalisis
keep dancing through life
almost hit a squirrel yesterday   
now has two    people on her hit list   neither of them the one she was after before   
"why do they think up stories that link my name with yours?   why do the neigbors gossip all day behind their doors?    -""people will say we're in love"" from oaklahoma"
's dad and brother just got more fireworks   beware   
is at hastings!!
needs a copy of the permission form for saturday   in a different format   
is litteraly covered in paint from head to toe   
wow   english(pirate)   lol   it's really fun   try it
jumped in the river and threw rocks at people  smile 
"s house is really dark, because her family's covering all the windows with newspaper   "
really wants to write a book   anyone have any ideas?
is hot and sweaty   yum!
i like pie
nothing matters but knowing nothing matters
was cleaning out her bookbag last night and found her lunch from the last day of school   ewww   
: what's a good age to start dating    answer below   
4 4  3 4  4 4  2 4  3 4  4 4  2 4  4 4    ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
: what do you think is the proper age to start dating?   anyone have an answer?
hands touch   eyes meet   sudden silence   sudden heat   hearts leap in a giddy whirl   he could be that boy   but i'm not that girl   
needs a hug   
   it's a dead penguin waterbottle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wonders wether it was worth driving to yakima, for that hamburger   "
really wants to go drive somewhere   
is cold
has a job!
no!!
is hungry
no?
   what did you put in that glass of milk!!!    what milk?
dead puppies?
"if something only exists in your reality, does it truly exist?"
hunting for the human female huh?
adorable?   seems to me like small children are being hurt   
how can you be emo in a round room?
humpty-dumpty + blender = egg salad
you can't be lost if you don't care where you are 
my pants are purple  smile 
i'm putting it off till whenember   
boredom   dead puppies   scarves   bubble gum   red paint   brothers   tv    crayons   ça va   computer   taming of the shrew   niles and cc   glitter   biking   sandpaper    basement   trombone   burt's bees   ice cream   food   music   snow   le livre   ap bio   dvds   book writing   art   exercise   work   play   headphones   markers    percussion   facebook   and to all a goodnight   merry christmas everyone!  smile 
has changed the languge on her facebook from pirate to french   
<propfemale> christmas to all   and to all a good night 
can't think of anything to put as a status   imagine that   
don't make me defenestrate you   
no comment   comment ça va?    va   vacation   what i'm on!
ça va?
dark blue
"""bounce the baby, bounce the baby"""
"wants to know    where do you find parts for a garbage can, music stand, and cardboard box ensemble?"
can sing her abc's in french!!!
i think i'll try defying gravity   
"i've heard it said that people come into our lives for a reason, bringing something we must learn, and we are lead to those who help us most to grow - if we let them - and we help them in return   "
chicken!!!!
the color yellow!!
men were given a brain and sex organs   too bad they only have enough blood to use one   
"there are bridges you crossed, you didn't know you crossed untill you crossed"
? ?
thank you and good night         -darth-gloria-janie-ocd-mouse-the-fuzzy-sailor-in-denial-steve-elmo-vera-the-first 
"kiss me too fiercly, hold me too tight   that better <propfemale>?"
islap
     -    - -- ---   -   - -   - -     -     - -     -                --  ---     -      -    -       - -- ---   -  -        -  - -   -    
   and that's how i determined that penguins are the root of all evil  the government is thinking of instituting a mass penguin sterilization to be carried out by professional hobos with <propmale> spoons   they are currently meeting mild opposition from the peta and from a few large (300ft tall) penguins advancing towards the white house  (part 1)
   but i assume it involves a pod of blue whales   
   <propfemale> get out of the cheeseburger
"don't wish, don't start, wishing only wounds the heart   "
"crying in the hopes of getting a pity response from the female penguins has also been discussed as one of the government's backup plans  in other news, a shortage of cheese, which is suspected to be a result of a population boom of cows in california, could cause <propmale>, an intergalactic space baby caused by the events of 2001: a space oddessy, to rampage and cause the next great apocalypse  (part 3)"
feels like a ninja  smile 
is only able to eat hypo-allergenic grass   
needs 100 packages of instand pudding   
 smile  hehehe   
"""i feel like i have died and gone to heaven""    ""i have that dream too, but you go in the opposite direction""   "
"there's no need to see if someone can breath, if you're digging their grave "
"always love, hate will get you every time   "
? the internet is for     ?
?   each time you smile   it will only last a while   ?
<propfirst>! that's gross!
? give us your money   all that you got   come on fork it over   or some puppets will get shot ?
"? there's a fine, fine line    ?"
"i know, put my earmuffs on the cookie   "
the game is like my mind   i tend to lose it alot   
sanity is knowing that you are insane   
"some questions to ponder              if you're not supposed to drink and drive, then why do bars have parking lots?             if pro is the opposite of con, then is progress the opposite of congress?           if a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?      how do you know when invisible ink pens run out of ink?    "
how's life?
can read a little kids book in french that her mom found
"human-penguin hybrids are parading around pennsylvania avenue saying ""sterilize that [the large penguins]!"" the government has not released any statement on their official stategy on how to combat this opposition, but i assume it involves a pod of blue whales to appease the penguins, tactical nukes, and lots of screaming and running to their mothers  (part 2)"
"""want to talk about something less complicated than love?"" ""sounds good"" ""how about quantum physics?   """
who here would date <propfirst> delamare if he had a sex change? any takers?
"reasons <propfirst> delamare is a girl:1) he wears more makeup than i2) he can cook3) if he wants something, he bats his eyelashes at meif you can think of more reasons, feel free to add them below "
do canadians make you feel awkward?
oh the chickanity -<propfirst> delamare
"up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then press up & down"
   ok   now everyone just take a deep breath    
question of the day: do you like your parents?
"thanks everyone, for all the birthday wishes  smile "
apparently i smell like barbecue?
i guess i'm a <propfemale> with a hint of grape someday too   
how sad    only 104%    
i got the highest grade on the test in calc   almost kinda sad considering i'm a running start student   
anyone know how to make a graphing calculator give answers in fractions instead of decimals?
classical music is yoga for the soul - <propfemale> sanvictores
"we're more careful than that   lol, quote of the day    "
he eloped with the conversation and made it a preganant pause 
"""do you have a brother?"" ""i like to play tennis""  smile  makes me smile    "
augh!
"ok   so    i was taking tickets at the <propfirst> brass concert, and out of habit, i now asked everyone who walked throught the door ""can i see your ticket?""   one of these times i asked the man walking throught the door the same question i had asked dozens of times  i got to ""can i see your ticke-oh never mind"" it was one of the guys from the band "
"ow, ez ye-ooa san, is e?    ahhh   i can't do a cockney accent   "
"""where'd you learn that?"" ""health class"""
he has risen!
what time do we have to be at the school tonight?
i  love  rain 
   fail    
the prodigal cat returns 
sucidal orange!
"washed the communion cups from the good friday service, and her hands are no longer green   sad   "
anthropophaginian   word of the week   
<propfirst>'s a finite coat hanger?
"the stone that sits on the very top of the mountain's mighty face, does he think he's more important than the stones that form the base?"
"qoute of the day ""<propfemale> get out of the dye, you are not an easter egg""-my brother    aka: my hands are now bright green   "
"type your name: <propfemale> brgaertype your name with your elbow: elizxasbertgyh bnrtsagerftype your name with your nose: <propfemale> bragertype your name with your eyes closed: e,,ksxa wth zeaferput this as your status and dont erase your mistakes"
does anyone want to lerarn to play guitar? my friend <propfemale> liann chen is giving lessons 
my eyes are numb 
am i the only one who likes the mango salsa from costco?
"only my friends, after one says we should go on a road trip to see wicked, ask who's driving    "
wow   this is why i am a bad person   
woah! is this the 70's?
"""joy to the world the doggy's dead, we dissected his head, don't worry 'bout the body, we taught it some karate, and beat it to a pulp, we beat it to a pulp, joy to the world the doggy's dead"" - <propmale>"
<propfemale>!
"hi, i'd like to return my boyfriend   "
"the jazz trip - no thud   28 56   only a large   he's not gay, he's british   no internet   sad friends   legos   running up a hill   breakfast   jumping in front of a bus   good bands   amazing vocalist and pianist   long trip   tiredness   2 smile 0   "
i'm gonna be a cowboy! ptew ptew ptew!!
"i was talking to someone, and it made me think about what love is   so what is everyone's definition of love?, please comment with your response "
"(dom and i are studying)my mom: i'm an enzyne, i'm going to eat you!me: enzymes don't eat you my mom: then what do they do?me: they are catalysts of the body:my mom:    so they do help you eat    me: yes, but they don't eat you!(mom leaves, <propfirst> walks in)<propfirst>: actually, the lysosomes contain hydrolytic enzymes which break down parts of the cellme: mooooom!! enzymes eat you!!!"
"227- you are a great person, and you are fun to be around  you act kinda like a kid at heart, and you always have some bug or spider or snake or scorpion to show people  you always sing alto, which i think is pretty amazing  you really seem to care for the the youth you work with, and we all care for you  thank you for being yourself "
"today i learned that if you clench your thumb in your fist, you get rid of your gag relex     weird     "
here lies everything  the world i wanted at my feet 
"dear marching baritone,i play trombone for a reason sincerly, <propfemale>"
"if a turtle looses his shell is he naked or homeless?   neither, he's dead "
does anybody have a where's <propmale> book?
30hr famine     check    
the meaning of life has inflated 
mamihlapinatapai is my word for today  that is all 
"never talk about acorn squash and colleges at the same time, or you will get them confused, and then you will be confused "
il fait froid
01001110011011110111010000100000011100100110010101100001011011000110110001111001
at the beach  smile 
"""there, i threw the clip at you "" ""that's like holding a grenade, and throwing the pin at someone"" ""well   handguns don't blow up on you!"""
"the river's cold, just fyi "
"today i talked with my friend, and we talked about what others thought about us, and we were wondering how other people would describe us, so go ahead, describe me   "
"j'aime <propfemale> francais!   mais    my dad has decided to translate for me, and he can't speak french     annoyed     it's getting interesting   "
"melted her sock  annoyed  whoops, lol  smile "
get your mind out of the gutter  there's not enough room here for the both of us!
"i convinced my brother to lick an anvil, and he got his tounge stuck   oops   "
"question of the day, brought to you by myself and <propfemale> shibley - what does it mean to you to have a boyfriend girlfriend? any ideas or opinions?"
people keep posting their various scores from finals this past week  well guess what?! i didn't have finals this past week! ha!
"watching ""a chorus line"""
is sick 
"""babies    shaken, not stirred"" o o"
"""parents don't have sex, they just find their kids under cabbage leaves"""
thank you mr  icy hot   
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice  (-<propfirst> spinner)"
"""you're nuts!"" ""no, i'm condiments, i've been promoted!"""
"just noticed my bf says stuff like my mom   or maybe my mom says stuff like my bf, it's really weird   "
got a gift card for itunes   any suggestions for what i should get?
"""yay yay the <propmale>'s dead, which <propmale>? the <propmale> that's dead "" -<propmale>"
"quotes and realizations of the day: ""all it takes is all you got"" ""i don't understand it, if wile e  coyote had all that money for gadgets, why didn't he just order a pizza?""     and realization of the day, i only wear makeup when my boyfriend wears makeup  in fact   he's probably worn it more often "
is thinking of selling shoes that she colored    there is a picture of one of them in her picture   check it out and then   would you buy a pair   and how much should they be sold for?
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname 
8th graders are kindergarteners with attitude -dad
how do i get on rhs email?
"""i need to call my physicist!"""
"ok, i'll do this number thing i guess    message me a number then   "
"me- <propfemale>? angel?daniel-what is it with you and angles?m-they're rathar obtuse aren't they?d-sometimes  but they're oten right m-but they do tend to get a lot of acute cases of things  and go on tangents d-then they have to sine all sorts of medical papers m-and have a relative cosine d- i think the second signiture is just complimentary "
"912- havn't seen you in 3 years, so i don't know you that well, but you have a nice smile  smile "
"""a policeman pulls you over because you didn't stop at the stop sign  you claim ""hey, slowing down and stopping   there's no real difference "" so he takes out his baton, and starts hitting you with it  ""do you want me to slow down or stop?"" "" -anonymous source "
   my brother's robotics team made it to state   
"""why didn't the lions eat you?"" ""i told them i was a politician, and was going to lower taxes   even a lion couldn't swollow that"" - red skelton"
sometimes my bf is an idiot 
my cat is being put to sleep 
