<propfemale> is not my friend
couldn't be more excited
is curious what else to do today
is curious why people assume things 
thinks he should look into a night job to be productive since i can't sleep
needs to get going but has no <propfemale>
is bored out of his mind wishing he was in stilly or doing something right now!
is enjoying the last boulevard wheat beer thanks <propfirst>  thought this were gone yay me 
had a totally awesome today today!
is up way to early
is frustrated found out today he isn't leaving till week of the 17th but is getting a transmission for the camaro today 
doesn't want to go to work
is very disappointed that more people didn't show up for kyles party
is curious how many people care that i'm leaving soon
is off to try to get a transmission again today  hopefully i'll have more luck with it being ready 
had an awesome time last night thanks for everyone that could make and the people who tried thanks 
is curious if i'll get any decent amount of sleep tonight?
does not want to go to work
had a blast this weekend
is curious if i'll get a job soon
is heading back to claremore yay!  sarcasm
thinks blue nazi needs redbull badly!
is for sure leaving out the on the night of the 20th or that next morning early yay!
is just a little bit happier 
wants to stab facebook chat in the face!
is in stillwater then i'll be gone for awhile if you want to hangout you have 48 hours 
wishes he was tired  never should have laid down earlier damn it 
blue nazi needs to go to bed badly
just drove the camaro after putting a transmission in fucking woot!
needs to learn to sleep more
hmm what to do?
fuck my cell phone company
wonders why they give the guy with sleep issues the opening shift
time for sleep  wondering what is goin to happen tomorrow?
"tfln sad 720): turns out discover card thinks that if you spend $450 at four different liquor stores in one evening that the card ""must have been stolen"" fucking awesome!"
thanks guys i'm having to charge my phone now
feels like doing something but has no one to do anything with  sad 
is going to waste this nice <propfemale> day at work this blows
is debating on what to do tonight i'm feeling antsy 
is so tired of rain
things got a little better
might be going to see friends tonight text me for details
believes he has a stalker  great!
woot 3am here i come
wish i was tired opening is going to suck tomorrow 
red tiki man needs enegry badly
is having a productive day
had an interesting time in stilly
i'm in stilly text me if you want to hangout
does want to work today 
hates waking up early some times
loves working split shifts
wishes things were easier to get done 
is out like a fat kid in dodgeball 
its too cold damn it
someone shot me
being sick on thanksgiving totally blows 
wishes i wasn't up with stomach pain
heading out of town for a week so if you need to get ahold of me then text me  i won't answer phone calls
off to go play around with the car wish me luck hopefully i want get pulled over anytime soon 
s enjoying the last boulevard wheat beer thanks <propfirst>  thought this were gone yay me 
first week of work done with time to drink beer yay! i won't be on facebook much but if you need to get ahold of me or just want to entertain me most of you know my phone number texts only  later 
i forgot how much fun it is to fly
sorry guys i won't be coming home as soon as i thought  the job i've been waiting on has me going to <propfemale> tomorrow 
oh yay! to be bored again woot!
just tried geo caching its awesome
blue nazi to go to bed badly
i wish i had a hammer to hit myself i the head to be that stupid 
is home time to fix my car 
5 days
bout to play some call of duty you should too 
is about to start is twelve hour long trek wish me luck and entertain me please
misses everyone
heading home tomorrow round 11 am i will need entertainment for the ride home  so please feel free text me
2 days
not how i wanted to spend my day hopped up on meds
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!"
on my way to <propfirst> 
"well hello <propmale>, didn't e playful ect to see you so soon "
"well just heard that there is a highway advisory stating wind blowing snow, bad visibility conditions  we're about to get into some shit! wooh!"
about to get into the worst shit on the last leg
starting work tomorrow  don't text me between 8-5
"so went out last night and the boss is saying i almost got him ""kilt"" "
is enjoy a nice relaxing scenic views washington has to offer 
"tired as hell, i feel like an old man keep going to sleep at nineish "
headed back home with <propfirst> toole  woot! unfortunately three day drive 
well it's st  <propfemale>'s day trouble here i come!
did i mention whiny kids in public is really annoying 
<propfemale>
steak for dinner i think so 
<propfirst> <propfirst>'s!!!
went geocaching today had a lot of fun till we found a snake not even 10th from the cache  i'm done screw that!
i feel like a bum when i work
its going to be a good day
all you can eat ribs! oh yea!
bored tonight someone should entertain me
hmm i seem to be up really early compared to what i did last night
really tired of being overly nice to people and getting fuck over for it 
bored
dead nazi's hells yea
feelin good
hmm what to do tonight?
today's forecast <propfemale> with a <propmale> of streaking
sweet this fat kid learned why i'm so skinny  cause i love spicy food 
rock out with your cock out
pile built  final preparations tomorrow 
oh hi! mr  jager bottle how i've missed you!
on the bus headed to the airport 
so apparently <propmale> parking maids don't know how to read a tag and don't even know the right violation to put on the ticket either  idiots all of them 
found a job woot!
so camaro transmission is screwed headed to a dealership 
loves his parents alot  this is an interesting start to my weekend
is bored that is all
had a blast in stillwater miss you guys
hates snow really hates snow
"only exception  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh qtnesnxqmq&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
sitting at the hotel waiting to start the install  held up by paper work not cool 
is tired of facebook fucking with his bookmarks!
flying home now
today is going to be a great day!
about to hit the road 26 hour drive ahead of me  woot not
no more snow woot
waiting on my plane so i can fly home
what else to do tonight
fucking fuck today i don't get paid enough for this bullshit!
working for awhile so don't text me till after 5 monday-saturday  i'll update you guys when i'll be back home
about to watch vampires suck!
on my way to san <propfirst>  text me at nght if you need me
some shoot me and i need a beer!
going through my stuff wondering what i should keep  also there is a couch and red chair i have if anybody wants it 
how hard is it to board a fucking plane really?
finally in n c  going to have a fun couple of days ahead 
i'm in new mexico and there is snow on the ground! it's freaking 12 degrees!
back is screaming  i need a massage 
time to go hangout with <propfirst> and <propfemale> yay!
about to head to n c  for a week i'll be working please don't text 
can anything else go wrong today!
flies out tomorrow  yay!
thanks everyone who wished me happy birthday  headed out now wish me luck 
"hmm stay at home or go out tonight and see what trouble i can get into, decision decision "
i know supposedly it's going to snow a bunch but people there is no need to panic  go to walmart and buy yourself bankrupt for food  just cause you're too stupid to know how to drive in slick streets 
"woohoo! new orleans, how do you like me now?"
on the bus to head to the airport  i'll be working for the next 2-3 weeks  text me after five please 
headed home a dat early yay!
i get to spend the night by myself again cause <propfemale> has to work  oh yay!
hello california furthest west i've ever gone
back at home to enjoy my weekend
colorado is not happy to see me  tornado watches and bad thunderstorms  hello colorado!!!
what's to know how you can live downtown and not have 12 mps internet available 
fuck today this will probably suck
wants the dealership to get back to me already 
"""oh god now i got brain spatter all over me """
really hates fucking teenagers 
3 days till intermet woot!
got some geo caching in today  it was fun
internet finally up and running 
thank you retards you ruined my christmas 
"if they don't fix what's wrong with halo:reach multiplayer with this update  i'm fucking trading in for halo 3 where they don't fucked up weapons, melee, and favoritism for elites "
it's just another day people 
first night in new orleans  this is going to be good night 
is bored and sore  i here by charge my friends to keep me entertained today 
just watched the worst fucking end i've ever seen 
can't wait for this job to be over
about to kick my bosses ass in black ops
in arizona getting closer to home 
i'll be in <propmale> by tomorrow  hmm wonder what kinda trouble i can get into?
i feel like having a jäger night!
alright drive home will be long  good scenery on the way e playful ect pics 
out at sharkys if you want to come shoot some pool come on out 
nothing ever goes right
going out tonight this could be interesting 
go osu! keep me entertained win!
ok correction i'm bruised pretty bad  hurts to lift my left arm 
off work now what to do what to do?
going to stilly today
"""if it takes a thousand years """
wish my ankle didn't hurt
happy thanksgiving everybody
today blows
hmm what to do tonight?
just now off work  thank you retards for ruining my sunday along with my christmas  im going to hurt people 
is bored and needs entertainment
wonders why i never got this app before
update look for me to be home roughly a week or less before christmas
screw today i'm going to hurt who ever made these beds
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xjm2qv34su4&feature=youtube_gdata_player
"""tell me when it's over wake me when i'm sober  scars are too hard to hide  should have know better """
texas
i will be free after dinner  i know it's christmas <propfemale> but if you want to hangout with my let me know
well it looking like i might be home for christmas by like the skin of my teeth 
today was a good day  i'm tired but we're done  woot!
well we have put in easily at least 40 hours in three days  headed home tomorrow woohoo!
who ever wished for this snow  i'm going to punt you to alaska 
"last night was awesome, tonight was fun  up tomorrow get stuff ready hell i might even have the to work out "
on my way to <propfirst> then to <propmale> 
having fun playing cards with the nieces 
has had a good christmas so far
ok news update  i head out tomorrow instead of friday  those of you who i didn't hangout with there is next time 
alright people if for some reason you here on the news crazy man went off the deep end  i settle your fears and warn you now its me 
is apparently a trouble maker 
rocking out with my cock out tonight!
yay! worst day of the year coming up tomorrow 
think i might have found a new toy for myself 
