"is going to be in thanet this weekend, give me a shout!"
happy eid for yesterday  smile 
"can't believe she forgot how boring lectures are and how easy the first term is, plus at 21 is officially a coffin dodger!"
had a good day at work today despite having to deal with loads of angry customers  smile 
"can't believe shipona's single, what a maneater!lol  playful "
"saw the most gorgeous baby degu up for adoption in pets at home, all on his lonesome"
"is excited, but need to scrape some pennies together for a snowboard! aaargh!!"
"has just discovered an awesome song black magic by the magic wands, shame all their other stuff is pants!"
is fed up with reading law journals  sad 
is 22 tomorrow!
has absolutely amazing friends! love u all to pieces  smile  (p s  coming back to thanet on saturday!)
has just broken her printer!  sad 
definetly has the best bf in the world!
happy birthday to <propfirst> and <propfemale>  smile 
is getting a nandos  laugh 
"is unsure what to do, go shorter or grow my hair long? help?!"
snow trip or new laptop??
wishes she was back home in thanet where the snow is  no snow in bournemouth  sad 
is going out to buy 2 rage against the machine cd's even tho already have the album!!  smile 
hehehe jedward survived the sing off!! thank you <propmale> cowell!!  laugh 
is coming home tomorrow night  smile  rip <propfemale> murphy x
is hoping to recover before <propmale> arcs   please!!
is ecstatic that rage are the xmas no  1!!!
is back home  smile 
"and <propfirst> are off to <propmale> arcs  smile  happy new year, good luck keeping your resolutions!x"
"is back home safely after a 22hr coach trip! <propmale> arcs was awesome, finally learnt to carve properly!!"
is pretty sure the chem test was a fail   maybe should have done some revision  sad 
is proud of shipona for doing so well in her gcse's  smile  xxx
never knew i could hate ladybirds <propfemale> much!!!
loves her lil sisters and bro very muchly  laugh  xxxx
"is tired after the portland field trip, thank goodness <propfirst>'s cooking  smile "
is starting the assignment   
is finally doing the academic practice tasks  sad 
is looking forward to going home on fri night and partying with the girls for the first time in years!!  laugh 
"is not sure about the new haircut, may need to invest in a wig!"
had an awesome night with the girls  happy <propfirst>'s day  smile 
"isn't gonna bother trying to get the earth systems assignment done for tomorrow, still reading!!!  sad "
thinks <propfirst> is a renius!!!!
thinks <propfirst> tulloch has got to be the funniest <propfirst> in history!!  laugh 
according to <propfirst> is <propfemale> clever that its like talking to rainman   lol
"is still on 500 words, gonna be up til 5am doing this stupid assignment  sad "
is finished with maps!! now statistics   
"is going to learn to surf in croyde tomorrow, and am very scared!!!"
"alone all weekend now, anyone free in bournemouth in the evenings to keep me company?"
is coming home tomorrow but gutted my family isn't back til saturday  sad 
"happy birthday emzie, now ur old and haggard like me!  laugh "
conservative liberal coalition?? complete oxymoron!!
happy birthday shipona  smile  xxx
wish that i could split into two and finally get everything organised!!
"""make tea not war""- quote of the day from a tea shop in swanage  smile "
can't believe my family are gonna be stuck in egypt til the 1st of may!!! lucky buggers!!
"thanks for dinner last night, abi killen  and <propfirst> reeves , loved articulate!!   laugh  xx"
"is bored, is anyone around in thanet?"
is like the cat that got the cream  laugh 
"should really do the uni work!! damn degus, facebook and <propfirst> simmonds for being sooo awesome!!  playful "
is definitely the luckiest girl in the world to have <propfirst> simmonds as her boyfriend! love you!!!!
"ok, don't have a phone atm as mine won't charge so i'm not ignoring you i promise!"
wishes people would stop trying to convert me!! i don't believe in god  end of!!!
is anyone around in thanet? text me!!
back to the 9-5's  smile 
"had an awesome night last night, thanks wreckheads and massive ha ha in your face!! <propfirst> reeves for failing to ruin me!  playful "
back in thanet  smile 
back in bournemouth where the sun is shining but there's loads of work to do!!  sad 
we definately have <propfemale> geography at 5 today! <propmale> has confirmed it xx
has listened to an unhealthy amount of the smiths today   law revision is seriously depressing  sad 
1st year done! hope everyone has an amazing summer  smile 
surfing was awesome but i'm now sore and in a bad mood coz of lazy scroungers!!! get a job and if u have one pull your weight!!!
has the best friends in the world!! can't wait for next weekend!  laugh 
is shitting bricks about the earth's systems exam!!
back in bournemouth and shattered! was great catching up with everyone!  smile 
can't believe a muscle spasm could cause so much pain  sad 
"had a brilliant time with <propfemale> freeborn and <propfirst> hooper last night, thanks for the roast!  laugh "
working 15 days in a row is gonna suck big time!!  sad 
"2 down, 1 to go til freedom!!"
that field trip just reaffirmed that i don't ever want to be an ecologist!
 love  urban outfitters  laugh 
"is packing <propfirst>'s things for wales, feel like i'm a mum already!!lol"
"got given a large bottle of scotch and 2 cans of <propfemale> ale by a customer today, shame i'm not a 80yr old man"
nye sorted! looking forward to seeing everyone in chilli white  laugh 
"is going to be selling posh wine all summer, what an awesome job  smile "
"is actually a bit nervous about getting my exam results, though knowing how rubbish the post in bournemouth is might have over a week of waiting!!"
"needs to get a haircut in ramsgate, any recommendatiosn please?"
will never attempt to dye my hair at home ever again now just have bizarre purpley orangey red streaks in my hair  sad 
some people are an epic fail at life!! haha  playful 
"finally have all the presents bought and wrapped, cards written and more new shoes for me!  laugh  back in thanet tomorrow, can't wait!!  laugh   laugh "
"thank you for all the birthday messages and to everyone who came out last night, had a brilliant night!! much love xxx"
happy 16th birthday to my brother mo for yesterday!! (sorry its late!) love you!!
"needs a new laptop but haven't got a clue what's good, any suggestions?"
don't you love it when you une playful ectedly get paid?  laugh 
on our way home  smile  see you thanetians soon xxx
can't wait to go home on friday!!!
"children with disabilities are not sick or gross  they only want what we want, to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for one hour  it is special education week and this is in honour of all children made in a unique way "
back in thanet monday!!  laugh 
how do people decide when their anniversary is? first date or from when it gets serious?
"had an awesome weekend thanks to <propfemale> sullivan , <propfemale> oxborrow , emma-jayne hamlington and <propfirst> kidd  but its made me wish i was 19 again  sad "
derren brown scares me   
"so let me get this ""straight"" - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really   ?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!!!"
<propfemale> christmas!! hope <propfemale> has brought everyone something lovely  smile  can't believe this is <propfirst> simmonds  and my 4th xmas together already!! love you loads xxxx
thinks <propfirst> simmonds  should stop giving his new ratchet spanners more attention than me!  playful  xxx
"thinks i've just wasted 2 hours of my life watching twilight, what's the hype about???!"
hates the student loans company with passion!!!
i like it by the front door  wink 
"body has finally given in to the cold, damn ill people giving me their germs!!"
new series of peep show on tonight  laugh 
is anyone doing anything for halloween this year?
want my eyebrows back  sad 
"why is the online timetable system so rubbish!! mine is now completely blank, does anyone know when we have lectures tomorrow?? please!!"
bournemouth finally has snow!! yay  laugh 
have my costume for thursday  laugh 
"has had to brave the heavy rain just to look at some bacteria, yay!"
"less than 2 weeks til xmas, can't wait to go home!!  laugh "
"my phone is now completely dead, so need a new one for less than £100, as i'm clueless anyone have any suggestions? thanks  wink "
"been a real kid today, snowball fight in the park, built a snowman and now hot chocolate!  laugh "
wondering how i can get enough motivation to read about limpets?? bloody ecology!!!
"and <propfirst> finally have a new pc, just got to get used to it now  laugh "
"snowball fight meyrick park, 11 smile 0 today!!"
has managed to finally talk <propfirst> out of dressing up as a red onion on thursday  laugh 
back in bournemouth  smile 
has realised that painting is hard!!
is glad my lil bro is finally home  laugh 
thinks its retarded that people with 4x4s can't drive in a little bit of snow!! what's the point??!
"finally x-factor are releasing a decent xmas single, 'mon the biffy!!"
"last night's misfits was amazing, not back til next year now, sad times!!  sad "
 love  ikea! now to re-decorate  smile 
