sexy new laptop   yay 
is chillin' 
"""many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain  but you have already borne the pain  what you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain ""   -bartholomew"
thank god that woman finally left the friggin' house!!!
"at nyu and playing sporkel!!!!  yup, college is gonna be fun    wink "
prom is in # hours and still not ready        aahhh!
"i know it's kinda late, but i gotz a new phone, so i needz yo <propfirst>!  can i have your number?  can i have iiiittt?!?!? lol"
graduation!!  wink 
wants to play some more tennis 
is on the prowl 
anyone wanna watch ice age 3 with me tomorrow?
stupid <propmale> potter movie kept me up till 1 smile 0 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6 smile 0am       but it was good so i guess it was worth it   smile 
"is in the city hanging out in a sweet lounge watching people pass below, fighting the temptation to become one of the crowd "
prom madness!
is hooked on bones   wink 
orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels 
gonna be in the city about a week to work at new life church in elmhurst for the little kiddies!   smile   yay!
is having things finalized    
is in weinstein! holla!   laugh 
to the city for the weekend!   laugh 
<propfirst> iglesias!!!   laugh 
done with work   for now
is stuck
lollipop!
head cold and it's raining     not helping     *sniffle
"awesome party  and yes, it exceeded my e playful ectations    wink "
2 weeks left
still don't have my list of textbooks   stupid bellmore mail    takes forever to get here!  xo
oh the craziness of prom   
waffles
micharl c  <propfirst>= awesomest show i've ever seen
is officially settled in weinstein hall   rm 428  purple monkeys!!!!
"tired  eyes are burning but my soul keeps yearning, for more than just a whispered good night "
had a 5 hour nap and is now procrastinating in writing her essay that's due tomorrow    laugh   whatever   i gotz myself some smexy posterz!!!!!
boogabooogaboggaaa!
"finally has the internet working after 3 days without it   - -""  withdrawal was harsh     lol"
like in high school i'm doing <propfemale> hw in the early mornin'   and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb   lol
"messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season   fml!!!!!!  stupid hw     -_-"""
i like fire   smile 
just keep the ball rolling
just finished rewatching v for vendetta and it rocked my sox
casino night was awesome   i won a snuggie!!!!!!!  lmao
going to the premier of <propmale> potter with me awesome cousins in the city!  yay!  sry <propfirst>     
beach ball tonight!!!!!!!    laugh 
"has a paper due at 5 pm, yet here i am on fb   typical"
"had a great night out with friends, ate awesome food, and watched stand up comedians on youtube   fun   and now i'm tired   g'night everybody "
justs wants to sleep but have to study and write 2 very large paragraphs    *yawns*
loling at new <propfemale> spoofs    laugh 
still writing that essay    
stupid camera giving me hell!  agh!
"went apple picking during hte weekend with family   but now, i must return to reality and work my ass off on <propmale> day   yay   "
"trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater      shiny, i like shiny!"
having fun in the am   i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours   good night peoples and wish me luck!
fire drillll!!!
nyu portaits: voices of a people was amazing!!!   laugh 
goin' out tonight!   laugh 
"never going home during the weekday ever again!  waking up at 6 smile 0am is a memory i'd rather keep in the past, thank you   *yawn*"
raining sucks!  stupid wetness      
"5 <propfemale> essay    ready, set, go!!!!!!"
"stupid laptop making ""whir"" sounds   maybe hitting will make it better?  *laptop dies*      damn    "
gotz new shoes   hooray!   joyful 
there has to be a better way to solve this else i die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage 
trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled      
paper or plastic
moop!
"had it all set up for the weekend   now it's all ruined   hopefully, a trip to the met, visit to a spa, and qua<propfemale>ty time in <propfemale> will smooth out the wrinkles in this disatrous turn of events   meh   "
"freeedddoommm!! well, that is for now   "
"finished one essay   another four-paged essay to go   but first, a 3 hour nap   smile "
joy and freedom in the love of god!
didn't sleep 'til 6 am   can't feel <propfemale> toes   
the first snow in nyc!!!!!!!!!!  afijeljaldsfjasd   laugh 
"to the dickwads who sat in the table next to me: yeah, insulting me in korean behind my back thinking that i wouldn't understand     go back into the recess of the fucking cess pool you fucking crawled out of, you dumb fucks!  love, <propfemale>"
"in kimmel jamming, drinking free coffee, and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow!  gonna die from brain overload "
didn't sleep    tired     probably gonna walk into traffic half-asleep  and the best part   i'm not done with that friggin' essay yet!
"watched hot fuzz, then proceeded to watch comedy central, and finally, chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching reno 911!"
"out of my mind with fustration and fatigue   oh, the life of a college student!"
waiting for vacation time to roll around     
i think this week of college just might kill me
"nat  science final in a couple of hours      more study or sleep?  argh, stupid test!!!"
more partying at <propfemale>'s sweet 16!!!!!!!!!!!!  can't wait!
is wondering if she should even be here and if nyu was just a bad idea;  a very e playful ensive bad idea    
to the gallery!!!!!
booga booga booga!  lol love courage!
just chillin'
is going shopping for college stuff!  wooo!!!
hoping those leaving a safe trip and a lurvly thanksgiving break   only a couple more hours to go!!!   laugh 
trying to write final papers in library    not working!  argh!!!
heading on home!!!!  yea bitches!!!  let the winter games begin!  (after i finish my conwest final papers      ugh!)
ugh    tired   hw    essay    reading   blurghhl
retreat in a couple of hours    nervous   meh!
hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours!!!!
"snow, snow!  i love it so!!!!   laugh   but getting to class is gonna be interesting    "
"""if at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything ""    -<propmale> lyon"
it's so cold outside!!!  hot cocoa anyone?   laugh 
rofl how i'm using physics regents table to do college physics hw   oh the irony 
so tired                                    it might snow tonight 
"had a great time with friends, met some new peoples, and e playful erienced one hell of a night!!!!"
randomness reigns supreme!
"the snow, the snow!  ahh the snow!!  oh if only if i were a few years younger     i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow!"
"lovin' ""neighbors know my name""- <propmale> songz and lovin the thumpin of my heart and feet pounding on the dance floor!  been too long baby!"
school's closed biatch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"owie     wisdom tooth pulled out, in pain, and class tomorrow   did i mention that i look like as if a horse kicked me in the face?"
ballroom dancing and a bottle of wine
8am class on friday!!!
home for the weekend after a five hour trip to the met carrying 15 pounds of laptop and books   tired   meerrrrr
doing nothing is an accomplishment in its own right    unfortunately 
where is the snow you've promised me weatherman???!??!?!!??
monday night subway theatre!
midterms anyone?  tt^tt
"the lifetime that you spend, will not be returned, to be lived over again  further on, further on children, further on, further down the line "
is anxious     very anxious to the point that she can't stop sighing in worry   that and not sleep  hehheheh 
oh dear god! the sheer amount of pple jammed in the lirr trains this morning    let's just say i really really appreciate cars now and am ever more determined to get my driver's license 
stupid rain     feeling so sleepy     mrm  
we just gotz a puppy!!!!!
"never talking to parents about my plans ever again  better off sneaking out the window, breaking both my legs, and crawling of to have an actual life outside of college and home "
moop - -
"thank everybody for the awesome birthday wishes!!!!  i is gonna have some cake tonight, baby!   laugh "
new pin:21cc laugh 75
damn u internet!!!!! aaarghh
ooooii    marble cheesecake with chocolate truffles    so full!!!!!
today is gorgeous!!!!!!!! happiness +1    wink 
regrets not having goals for the future   maybe then she would have been more passionate and acted on rather than thought about 
ugh this weather is killing me 
last examfinished
"*sigh* sometimes my family just sickens me  freakin drama right before the new year  - -"" woopdeedoo"
finally given the freedom to go out and have a life outside of just school and home   if only i could forever break these (temporarily) loosened chains     
finally got internet working again  stupid crackberry!  playful 
is stuffed on a good dinner and a thick slice of apple torte   now if i can only get my hands on a cup of coffee i'd be set 
saw 15 doggies today!  laugh 
what a day to wake up to: cloudy skies and rain first thing on monday morning 
remi <propfemale> is so cool!
moop!
omg sony finally called back after months of calling and uber frustration  hopefully i'll get a call from the technician in 3-4 days and finally get my poor laptop fixed!!!!!!!
so tired  but still have 2 classes to go! ugh!
this time baby i'll be bulletproof
ugh  feeling tired but have work   must stay conscious for a few more hours!
omfg phone is finally working again and it is assured that at&t wont be pulling none of that servicecutting bullcrap again!!! woohoo!
eat ice cream with a fork     s'been a long day 
"i wish you could see me now i wish i could show you how i'm not who i was i used to be mad at you a little on the hurt side too but i'm not who i was i found my way around to forgiving you some time ago but i never got to tell you so"
good morning world  have you any surprises for moi today?  wink 
ugh will the madness never end and the lies ever cease?!
don't care what the scoreboard says  korea's got one badass goalie
had the best time with <propfemale> nicholson and <propfirst> hanson with even greater food and awesome cupcakes  now i shall pass out in a food coma  night y'all!  love 
so tired! need a nap zzzzzzzzz   
"""he punched my shark!"""
aaaahhhh!!!! fucking at& cutting off <propfemale> service for no reason! > sad 
phew! week is almost over  yet still more work to come   
ugh    so tired   webster hall last night and woke up at 6:45am to get on the 8 surprise 9 lirr train  and my feet officially hate me for strapping on some stilettos  can't feel <propfemale> toes! x3
"you know what pples at at&t hq? y'all can fuck your insolent, scurrilous, churlish, impertinent, and imbecilic asses like the lying cunts-skanks-whores-fags-bitches that you are   please and thank you!  wink "
happy new year!!!!! now for some new year shenanigans!
the work of god's love never ceases to amaze
omg haven't played for so long
omgjustshutthefuckupalready!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey anyone know if green hornet is a good movie?
haha my puppy has the hiccups!   laugh 
goin camping to white mountain!!!!!! bomchikawoawwow!
"dear god, thanks for the snow but isn't it a bit much? at least me boots came in handy for once  annoyed "
"been feeling ""meh"" all week  prob cause i haven't left the house since sunday and been doing nothing but chores and watch episodes of avatar for the millionth time  *yawn* oh and sleep   lots of sleep   meh"
moop! waiting for math class to end!
bellmore street fair tomorrow!  come on over and say hi!   laugh 
today is gorgeous!!!!!!!! happiness +1    wink 
looking outside i can see people literally turning into snowmen as they plow through the snow
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it repost "
"i was slowly texting my life away as i didn't notice the pungent smell of gas in the air, so focused i was on my conversation  next thing you know i'll walk straight into oncoming traffic   playful "
is anxious for tomorrow 
had a pretty good first day of school after break  now only two weeks more!
ugh having the worst headache right now   seem to be getting alot of headaches in general lately   bleh
oh man was listening to gorillaz until my mp3 player ran out of juice  too awesome to handle i guess  now what am i gonna listen to?
omg we made it!!!!!  laugh  now    shoveling
meryy christmas y'all!!!!!  love 
"dear parental units, thanks for teaching me what a useless, selfish, idiotic piece of worthless shit that i am  i shall go forth and disown my useless self by throwing out my useless shit out the window and into the dumpster  oh while i'm at it i might as well tell the whole world what a fucktard i am  that'll save you several minutes of your precious time that you should never waste on useless me  sincerely, me"
reading manga and books so much fun!
burnt <propfemale> tongue on soup  owie 
"left boston for new york at around 11am  still on the road back home to <propfemale> and this snow ain't helping the process  please pray for a safe ride home  and after we survive this, let's get together for a massive snowball fight  smile "
ugh wondering whether or not to take my uncle's advice seriously and go to a new year's party 'stead of sitting bored with family       
just realized i'll be going to a retreat for four days and i haven't even packed 
"omg snow! at least two inches of icy goodness e playful ected in <propfemale> where i'm at   oh wait, imma be slipping on that snow on lirr platforms tomorrow   "
just one class and then i'm free    to drown in hw for the weekend  yay 
at penn station waiting for the 8 surprise 8 train and pple passing by in cowboy hats and gear    confused
"finally got the fan fixed    but now the technician tells me that my screen is way and i have to call sony support          again!!!  god after three and a half months i was gonna be done with this crap, but alas, fate deems otherwise   please pray that this problem will be fixed much sooner than the last and that i will not lose my sanity in the process   whew!"
"god, you send me all these signs and yet i still choose to ignore you  what can be done to change this stagnant, sinful heart?"
ack! contacts   drying   out! going blind!
"partied so hard i couldn't stand properly, and my knees threatened to buckle as i waited for the train back to friend's dorm at uhall   thank god i made it without falling flat on my ass "
ugh need to buy text books tomorrow     stupid $135 nyu exclusive edition book!
too much brainstorming for an assignment for class  need to sleep   night
"long day, confused about schedule changes, worried about the future, feeling left behind, wondering if this jumbled, scrumpled, chaotic life is truly mine "
"cold and <propfemale> today, <propfemale> and low 50's tomorrow  just be summer already!"
hating class advanced college essay more and more as the semester progresses   will there ever be a cure for sucky courses?
to the ball!!!!!!!
"weekend, weekend, waiting for the weekend~! *skips across lirr platform but trips from uneven weight distribution from carrying 50lbs worth of textbooks papers crap*    laugh "
gotz new shoes!
it's gonna be an eventful weekend!
omg just started watching glee for the first time and i am in love with <propfemale>!
exhausted! and so much more to do!
mmmm green tea mochi ice cream    joyful 
bloopadeeboop    waiting for class to start    doodaaadee    is very bored  annoyed 
can't wait for tonight! did-din with friends at <propmale> brenner's!  wink 
"just watched ""summer wars"" movie   it was awesome   go see it   now   and tell me what you think   wink "
oooo it's raining   another day full of yawning and overall tiredness   oh well 
"is feeling bleh   and the two essays i have to write for tomorrow's classes are not helping     and so is procratination     god give me the wisdom and strength to fight my stupidity  - -"""
"is happy   tired, but happy   (insert smiley face)"
first observation at jfk hs   can't believe it's been two years   and nothing has changed 
"has so many people to meet, places to go, things to eat in this month alone   not to mention friends to catch up with   and things are getting settled with my financial aid and classes are good    i just truly feel blessed, and thank the lord for helping me see those past years when i could not past see the darkness of my heart "
"sssssoooooo tired! went out to eat with my cuz grace, then went to momofuko milk bar for dessert but changed the wait was an hour long, ate a marvelous mocha cake at the black hound (which i plan to return to), and ended the night with my second viewing of ""the <propmale>'s speech""n which was fantasmic and made me wanna talk with a british accent   *yawn* it was a fun day   good night!"
"2 more days! well, that includes a midterm, cumulative exam, and several assignments to do before the break so i won't have to do it during   *takes deep breath* just one thing at a time, one at time "
anyone else procrastinating on facebook instead of studying writing papers?  ugh    stuck!
eating a baked potato with parmesan cheese in the middle of the night   maybe help to inspire the words for my paper and get me motivated to study harder *nom nom nom nom*   > smile 
one midterm tomorrow and it'll be all over!!!  must study hard!  mawr!  > smile 
"most unproductive and boring spring break ever      did i mention the essays that are still waiting for me in the back of my notebook?  did i also mention the stackload of other assignments lurking behind my bookcase?  ugh  and spring cleaning be on the list as well     eh, at least i get to party this weekend   woohoo!"
"just finished watching resident evil: afterlife   and i am fairly satisfied, to say the least   what can be better than mutated undead that can eat through concrete?  however, the end scene makes me shudder at the thought of yet another resident evil movie   did i mention the abuse of slo-mo?"
"loved the movie <propfirst>   it is outright hilarious and yet heartwarming at the same time   oh <propmale> pegg, you never fail to humor me so    love "
"aw poop!  spring break be over!!!!  and the weather is just starting to get nice     ehh, at least the commute will be more fun in the sun   now to prep for school      *fumbles with papers and stacks books in bag*"
still a bit sleepy   want more coffee    or a bed   *yawn*  class in 30 minutes     zzzzzzz
blueberry  wink 
you know that feeling you get when you're so tired that your eyes start burning?  yeah      it is not fun 
napped for 5-6 hours and still tired   is something wrong with me?  *yawns*
