still trying
"guys may flirt all day, but b4 they go to bed, they think about the 1 they care for most"
my lecturer passed me knowledge   and the flu
man i slept like a pig   no work or school today woot!
"effort is nothing, but at least u tried"
taking the road i believe in
this feeling   idk how to describe sia
dam feeling too giddy to go for training today   whole day in bed
some1 help me take a photo of my tattoo leh
pm me if u guys are interested in joining evolve mma gym
feels so good just to be able to stay at home for one whole day
"duckie told me today:  you tie yourself to a pole, of course you run in circles lah! you release yourself and you will see how far you can run liao!"
i never knew girls can be so evil lol
"my workplace has been playing the piano version of the titanic theme song over and over      makes me feel like jumping into the atlantic ocean"
any1 else going to the butter factory to party?  laugh 
lol fb actually approved my new name
how to reject some1 politely
welcome to temptation island lol
move on?   or hold on?
the hell 2 girls were just checking me out at my workplace o o
i was dancing in the shower when i slipped and fell on my butt  after which i invented the injured butt dance
lol for better or worse
"muay thai coach : ""relax! relax!!"" me : ""someone pass me a barrel of beer to relax me"""
proud member of the fallen angels guild
"if there's no right or wrong answer, why am i still being graded?"
decided to skip work today
i hope my prof gets laid before he grades my exam papers   
i'm going to slack and stay at home all week b4 the shit hits the fan starting next week  laugh 
"it's like catching lightning, the chances of finding someone like u - hsm 3"
"muay thai, boxing, hip-hop, allods online, drawing, music, anime, running, reading, an enjoyable job, hanging out with friends, a girl that cares for me   i love my life!"
i've turned into a girl!! lol
"did you know? the bukit timah nature reserve in singapore contains more species of trees than the entire north american continent "
omg   i got an a- for my japanese food module!
"if there is a hell, it would put u on an never-ending bus and mrt ride while enduring diarrhea"
"i spent $300+ shopping, and 80% of that wasn't even for me"
no strings attached
im made up of 80% coffee and 20% bullshit
i ? hip-hop
"allods online battle log: your elf templar has dealt 22k dmg (critical) on rat      rat has died*epic win*"
"i really didn't know how to answer u when u asked me just now if i was over her"
"""i rather do nothing and be happy than do something i don't love at all""- joy"
looking forward to partying after exams   hm an sms   (fm:mindef) you are remind<propmale> to attend your training from 13 12 2010 07 smile 0 to 18 12 2010 23:59 at jurong camp ii      thank you i've just been ****<propmale>
"girl: eh, do i look fat in this?me: [sings song verse] cos u're amazing, just the way u are~girl: hor, means i look fat lar! idiotme:    i give up   "
"got awakened at 7am in the morning by a phone call by my gf   me: ""hello?"" (sleepy voice)gf: ""i'm outside ur house right now with breakfast""me: ""ok   wait wha   ?!""stunned    and very touched      tho after breakfast i went back to sleep lol"
the last 4 digits of my phone number won 1st prize in 4-d   wtf
"""nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending""   where will our road lead?"
"for every argument there is always a counter argument       so it's always better to talk things through and make peace"
lol my gf is staring at me while i type this
i just found out the party member i always play with is a girl who lives in tampines   what a small world (o o)
"i know your typeyou're daddy's little girljust take a bitelet me shake up your world'cause just one night couldn't be so wrongi'm gonna make you lose control cobra starship - good girls go bad"
i have never seen a girl's room with so many soft toys before
"don't love me, cos i won't love u back"
"camped at home today to finish all my individual assignments    finally done! sense of accomplishment: <propmale>"
do i look so much like a playboy? lol im so misunderstood
i hate morning shifts
totally cant sleep
"banned from drinking    now it's only water, coffee and 100-plus for me d:"
"for a world-class university, nus internet connection really sucks"
3 female co-workers and me   
omg my mum got me a bed sheet and pillow cases with little hearts
tonight's yog badminton is super exciting!
"""we fight cos we woz born to fight  and win ""- orks, warhammer 40,000"
no money to eat lunch sia
vorst urdin
sometimes i think im dumb
"i'm thinking maybe, i can't have relationships, 'cause lately their not making any sense  and baby, you're the one thing on my mind and that can change any time~"
"savor the coffee, not the cups the happiest people don't have the best of everythingthey just make the best of everything "
"life's simple, you make choices and you don't look back"
hope i get hired
sometimes i think   it really isn't worth all the trouble
anything which may e playful lode at any moment is clearly a girl
"""there is always one woman to save you from another and as that woman saves you she makes ready to destroy"" - <propfirst> bukowski"
the more i study sociology the more i think modern society is ******* screwed up
there are certain things u can only learn through losing
the bed is calling
sweated alot during training    came home    took a shower    5 seconds later sweat again    i blame global warming
"u know u've been to the bar too many times when u go to a coffee shop and ask the uncle for kopi-""on the rocks"""
i can see the ending
this is this and that is that
"i havent been smoking for a long while now, but these days i've been coughing like shit"
woohoo exams are over!
i'll be the perfect guy for u baby
perfect man
irony
"i jus proved the theory that u dont hafta study to get decent grades   all bs woohoo!"
"sorry <propfemale>, i've been a very bad boy this year"
came home earlier just to watch ninja warrior
"smile more, worry less"
"""the power is yours!"" - captain planet"
i jus came home and now i hafta go out again
woke up at 3am and can't go back to sleep
today i only see 2 kinds of people: those that are emo and those that are blissed
"overslept for work, then realized it wasn't such a big deal and went back to sleep"
so many distractions
drawing lets my imagination run free
"whichever bastard withdrew 1k from my gf's acct, i hope u rot in hell"
i actually enjoyed this reservice
i got psycho-ed to buy roses
gf going overseas for 3 days        i smell freedom!
gonna treat myself to a massage this x'mas!
i just found out i have 13% body fat
rainy weather + bed = sleeping heaven
need someone to comfort me
the 96 bus driver jus gave all of us a free bus ride  respect
ultimate frisbee is dam fun!
"money can't buy everything, but u can't do shit without money lol"
"i can be patient, but don't test my limits"
watched 2 pretty awesome movies today
omg an article i wrote on my health blog got translated into 5 different languages on a site
i jus become a lil more evil each day
singapore's weather is like a girl on pms
i've been such an idiot
"interviews, interviews, interviews"
"sorry, but u aren't worth the effort"
i'm taking the magic school bus!
samsung galaxy tab or ipad
lol its weird how u feel sleepy when u're awake and awake when u're trying to sleep
off to penang for 4 days
"you don't get on by being original, bright or strong  you get on by being a subtle crook     - master cromwell"
"'why do people marry?''so there can be children ''horses don't marry  but there are foals '"
3 interviews tomorrow within 5 hours
"a girl sang rihanna's ""take a bow"" just for me  really sweet"
"first u push me away, now u want me close  hot and cold, sooner or later i'll crack "
i watch the noose more than the news
i need a challenge
gintama is coming back soon!
finding a job is like finding a girlfriend lol
