just finalised my flights to washington dc on sept 11th    think i'll stop watching aircrash investigations now  sad 
"some right nasty gremlin has bewen at my music files - enya!  wtf right in the middle between cream and the kinks up pops bloody enya   nearly fell into a coma before i could hit the ""next"" button!"
"yawning like a man with a flip top head   early start tomorrow, night y'all"
"time for a ""friends"" purge methinks - when you get added then the same person says ""i don't know you, delete me"" you know there will be others there that fall below the ""friend"" threshold"
"the first cut was the deepest   if you can read this you were not in the 197 that have gone and will need to put up with me a little longer   except you <propmale>, you can f*** off  wink "
"that's the 5s of my friends list completed, 222 people that had added me and never spoken a damned word to me    gone! no room for sentimen tor ego  more days behind me than in front so no hangers on  anyone feels strongly about including me in their own cull   i'll not lose any sleep"
"flixter not letting me post my totally impartial review of apollo18 so i'll just say it here    ""a great big smelly pile of poo!""  what can i say, i'm a wordsmith   it's a gift  wink "
next stop washington dc for 5 days    flying on    11th sept!
washington was awesome - got a lot of good work done but only had 3 hours of free time so went into the city - asked at the hotel about getting a ticket for the washington monument - no problem it's free    it's also closed because of structural damage (be nice if they'd shared that before my $50 cab fare!) so could go look but only from the bottom! did go through to the <propmale> memorial though - i knew he was a tall man but that tall  wink 
"i need help (you can shut it before you start <propmale>!) friday night, no drink and i'm online looking at chemometics text books for work - shoot me now!"
"well done ireland, phenomenal victory - now scotland you're ranked above ireland so repeat the feat on 1 10 against the auld enemy  smile "
"please people stop posting this obvious fake about fb charging - get a grip on reality! and ffs stop posting that bloody enormous status that fills an entire <propfemale>  it was mildy interesting the first time but after 30 repeats of the same damned thing it got really unfunny quickly  the new fb was a pain in the arse on day one but admit it   you're used to it now, you were all just reacting to a change in your comfort zone"
the unsubscribe option will be getting used liberally - getting really fed up with all these status updates that should really be notes  you know that new option that allows you to pick your audience? well if your status is going to be a 5000character essay use that option - i don't want to see it! and if you're upset by that delete me and we'll both get on with our lives 
"for anyone wanting a laugh, check out ebay item - 180726587776 copy and paste number into search box and read the reason for sale           lmfao      pure class         "
"on firefox? there's a great add-on called ""better facebook"" that turns off a lot of the new function (especially that annoying scrolling activity thingy""  ok it adds a few new options but they are acually useful, for example a dislike option "
"virgin mobile - just been <propmale> by their own lies  in august i paid off and canceled my contract - they continued sending bills, i disputed them, they now claim i called them on 5 10 10 to reactivate the account - now that's a good trick since i was in icu wired up to all the machines that go '<propfemale>' if i moved a finger! virgin mobile- you've been caught!"
after watching 2 dire games today i litterally took my eyes off the germany game for 5 minutes to make coffee and missed 2 goals! oh well another beer will compensate  smile 
"in honor of conner jones, age 7, who is losing the battle to cf today   i'm changing my profile to ""red"" his favorite color   to let him know he's not alone   to let him know our hearts are breaking too   to let him know he is loved by people that never met him   that he is our hero  prayers of strength to mom <propfemale> l jones , dad <propmale>, brothers <propmale> and <propmale>yn "
"   and finally, on a brighter note   france are oot!  england next?  this statement was brought to you by jingoists r us, for all your xenophobic needs  wink "
"restless, can't sleep, unable to settle   then i remembered the date - sad memories - said a final goodbye to <propfemale> exactly a year ago  good friend gone but never forgotten!"
left the car on it's own for 4 weeks now it's spat the dummy and refuses to start!  yes the battery is charged and yes there's fuel in it and no i'm not allowed to drive it yet but just as well i checked on it 
oh that was a classic first half - specially the second goal hahahahaha    - now where's that salt i need to rub in  wink ))
lol new series of extreme makeover with <propmale> peenington - making over a sottish town   wonder if he's seen the scheme  wink 
i feel oppressed and have this strange feeling of being watched
"apparently its 80's week  everyone has to change their profile pic to one taken back in the 1980's  be a good laugh to see how many of us have changed    for the worse    or the better  change your pic and repost!!"
night y'all xxx
my thoughts and prayers go to all the family and friends of the victims of <propmale> bird today  sad 
ffs that is painful telly - please release my ears and shut tf up
well done bbc - invite the country to take your personality test then have a crap server that cant handle the traffic 
"just paid the last 3 bills due payment so i'm finishing 2010 the way i started it    skint! and so begins 2011 - at least there is one constant in life   smile   happy new year everyone - i hope the new year is full of happiness, health and good fortune for all of you "
salt pipe - anyone use or used one? opinions please on their effect or otherwise on asthma
"""oh, say can you see by the <propfemale>'s early lightwhat so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?whose broad stripes and bright stars thru the perilous fight,o'er the ramparts we    ""   oops is this the wrong anthem? oh well   tonight i'm proud to be american  wink "
"oh you really haven't a clue fb - new security settings  recommendations - let everyone have access to all your information and all your photos - i think not! may as well call it paedobook!"
"managed to catch ""the scheme"" on you tube (cant get iplayer outside uk) omg - words fail me - this based just 10 <propmale> and 130 iq points from where i live!!!! there's not a single active brain cell in the lot of them - fascinating - only thing missing is <propfirst> attenboroughs voice over!"
"sad day - but happy memories  - mixed emotions  thinking of  <propfemale> dobbins and all her family and friends today  missed always, gone    but never forgotten"
"home after a great day rambling around the wicklow hills(20km total climb 380m today) - great weather, great scenery - pics to follow"
"right i'm off - 5am start tomorrow- going home for long weekend  everyones stay well or get well, have a great weekend xxx"
"wakened this morning at 04 smile 0 by an idiot calling for a taxi - i was gracious  they hit redial i told them to not be so silly (or words like that)  when i went back to bed, in that half sleep time, before oblivion took me again, i remember having some profound thought about something and deciding to write it down later    only bloody forgot exactly what it was!!!!!  sad "
"the uk tax man just gave me money back     yes you read it right - they gave me money back and it wasn't a piddling amount  if you moved outside the uk in the last financial year it mght be well worth your time getting a tax review and before anyone sends begging letters, she who must be obeyed knows about it so you've no <propmale> for you!"
why do all these so called football stars get paid so much - so far all i've seen is crap  they're obviously beleiving their own legends  north korea get a fekkin bag or rice for playing and they're so far as good if not better than brazil!
"serious panic attack! filled fridge with bottles of <propmale>, big tv ready and waiting, then i discover there's no bottle opener in the flat lol   rushed out and got one - panic over  bring on the football!  and before anyone asks i support a b e   wink "
ooh err! need to sit and let my heart rate recover - young woman in the hotel next to my appartment block standing at her window less than fully dressed - i must look away    in 5 minutes  wink 
just strayed onto bbc3 - the eurovision qualifiers are on - my ears are bleeding! but there's a morbid fascination - can't turn it off - i'm losing my ability to reason - higher brain funtions closing down - help
oh ffs they fail to beat the usa and still go on about fuckin'  1966  get a grip - remember april 15th 1967 wembley stadium? naw didn't think they would lol
"breathe easy now conner  rip   and what is to cease breathing, but tofree the breath from its restless tides, thatit may rise and e playful and and seek god unencumbered xxx"
"(¯`v´¯)`* ¸ *´please pass this heart around in memory of all our loved ones at christmas time that have sadly passed away, they may be gone but never ever be forgotten!! <propfemale> christmas to all our sleeping angels"
anyone else notice the commentary on the south korea game? no actual commentary just silence then the commentator blurts out a list of triple barrelled oriental names - like he had a dose of oriental tourettes in a korean resturaunt!
wicklow again this weekend - there must be a big hill i haven't been over yet  smile  then achill island next week (weather permitting)
just home from work - switched on the news       aw fuck no!!!!!!! the jammy sods got through
is only sitting here on fb 'cos my legs have seized up and i can't walk to the couch to stretch out and gawp at the misguided idiots on extra factor wink 
it's apparunt frome my lost staitus that mie speeling has beekum attroshus
my prediction for the england game tonight   less than 5 seconds after the programme starts (30 minutes before a ball is kicked) 1966 will be mentioned!   oh yeah and algeria 2-1   smile 
"hhope the good weather does hold this weekend - off the the ""valley of the two lakes"" to tramp arounf the wicklow countryside - might even visit st  kevins stump or the holy stone of clonrikket(father <propmale> reference)    wink "
"jeez the english sports commentators will clutch at any straw to mention 1966 - north korea being in the tournament this year is a gift to them since their last appearance was 1966! shut the fuck up about it, in case you hadn't noticed england aren't playing- look up this date 15 4 67 (home championships - wembley)"
"virgin mobile finally admitted they got it wrong saying i'd called to activate my account while lying in icu - they've ""graciously"" canceled the <propmale> and closed the account - amazing what you can get them to do when they've been caught out in a blatant lie "
"too much time on my hands today -is it just me or is that new ikea ad with all the cats really saying ""ever wondered what that smell was? well we let cats piss all over the furniture at night so you can get  the pungent aroma of ammonia in your home"""
all thoughts today for <propfirst> natale and her family - nothing but good thoughts and wished coming to you x
come on slovenia!  wink ))
"so it looks like the libs got a fair amount of their 20:20 tax policy in but i fail to understand the phrase ""emergency budget"" - if it's an emergency why are they waiting for 6 months to activate it? (not that i want it sooner) smacks of the old trick of give them bad news months in advance so that we can load a wee bit more bad news on them later! - wonder what's coming next"
panic over - have my travel home planned like a military operation except for one minor detail   managed to lose the ferry booking reference (don't bother berating me i've been already done it) - until 10 minutes ago i was going nowhere! been on hold with p&o since 08:45 to get that damned reference!
back to ireland tonight and straight to work tomorrow - really can't wait!  (can you see the sarcasm dripping from this status?)
"my time at hameldaeme is nearly over  sad  back to ireland on sunday night and work on monday    still, glass half full   only 4 weeks until t comes to ireland for a holiday  smile "
"oh here we go, now my every move will be monitored - ""the wife"" has an fb <propfemale>  wink "
<propfemale> gu bráth!!!   feeling a wee bit homesick today  wink 
going to climb croagh <propfirst> tomorrow (not barefoot!)   i will then be spending sunday lying in bed unable to move!  smile 
looks like the lottery have lost my email again   back to work tomorrow
i'm obviously suffering from oxygen overdose - actually thinking about ironing some shirts for work rather than sitting doing sod all - too much fresh air yesterday - it's gone to my head
"i suppose like most people i have my routines and there are certain things in the world that can be taken as constant and immutable - imagine my confusion then when i went to the local indian take away tonight to see it being run by a chinese couple! i did go back outside and read the sign again!  smile   but now my world has been shaken, i can't be sure about anything now"
"decisions, decision   tomorrow go west to the wild coast of achill and 80% <propmale> or rain and spectacular <propmale> walks or wimp out and go east to wicklow and 25% <propmale> of rain? of course option 3 is available   do sod all, all weekend"
"well that was a week to remember!last monday went to cork, monday night had a heart attack, tuesday went to work in a lot of pain, wednesday drove home from cork, thursday went to the gp then ecg, morphine, gt spray, hospital, <propfemale>, multiple drugs, angiogram, 3 stents installed, 81% of my hearts main blood vessels were blocked!home now and no mum not straight on here  smile "
"post heart attack diet is really working - lost 9 5kg (21lbs or 1 5st in ""old money"") since the start of october - just cut out fries, crisps and substituted fruit  eat less move more works  smile 19kg to go to hit my target"
"right! next time i say i'm going up a mountain send for the straight jacket  the promised <propfemale> spells missed co  mayo until later in the afternoon - was cold, wet and completely cloud covered on the summit so precious few pictures  sad  tomorrow is deffo a day of rest"
wimped out and went to wicklow today in search of the sun rather than to wild wind swept  achill    boy did i get it wrong - it was savage wet and <propfemale> but fantastic - fair cleared the cobwebs out!  smile )
"in a complete contrast to the eejit dr that asked me why i was there (after my heart attack) my regular gp came back today from holiday - obviously to a very full day of catch up and appointments but still finds time to call personally to talk over my recent ""event"" - take a lesson eejit dr"
"watched ""devil"" last night - wasn't particularly impressed but i did hesitate this afternoon when the elevator in apartment block  foyer opened as i approached it - empty and uncalled lol but then as i was the only one in it     that means i am the devil! mwahaha"
"the devils backbone - film 4 now - my personal favourite of the <propmale> <propmale> toro ""horror"" trilogy  smile "
"woohoo! car is fixed for no cost - apparently the fuel pump brushes were dirty - all it took was to bounce the back of the car while trying to start it to ""wash"" the brushes  i'd never have thought of that - there's never been any bouncing action in the back of that car   wink "
back to ireland tomorrow  sad  but no work until the 15th  smile ))
been on the go since 2am - home now so the r&r can begin - aye right! fat <propmale> of that!
"had a coronary care follow up today: bp 117 70, total cholesterol 3 8 was told, again, no driving for 6 weeks, no work for 6 weeks, can begin to do exercise that i enjoy but no sex for 6 weeks!   come on doc make your mind up do i get the exercise or not?  wink "
"off to watch as 300 of my ancient ancestors of sparta (well they apparently had broad scottish accents) say  ""come ahead <propmale> - see this spear? am gonny stick it right in yooo!"""
"what price life in this country? €120 per month apparently  i'll never moan about uk prescription charges  my stuff actually costs €202 per month! €60 for 28 enteric coated aspirin  - someones taking the p  the money they ""graciously"" allow me to keep for one month could buy almost my whole years drugs in the uk"
ffs it's chicos' dad!!!
right arm drained for liver function tests and left arm stabbed for flu vaccine and it's cold wet and miserable outside so today i will be vegging in front of the telly!
who are these ejects that have phone access and vote for wagner? and since when did they decide to mime for survival?
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info,invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her, you get the virus too! please   copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes  please pass it on!!"
"watching the weather sad  snow just stay off until monday - have to drive from athlone to larne  320km through a snow covered country that has managed to run out of salt after the first snow fall - ""we're ready"" said the councils - wtf for? it certainly wasn't the weather!"
"made it home - 5 hours athlone to larne, 2 hours on the ferry, 1,5 hours cairnryan to troon and i get 1 2  mile from home and some numpty that couldn't decide what <propfirst> to be in (only 2 available) nearly causes a pile up  - eejit!"
