put this as your status an see what people rate you: 1 sad razy 2: i'd marry you 3: talkitive 4: sarcastic 5: i miss you 6: i'd kiss you 7: moody 8: dumb 9: energetic 10: spoiled 11: random 12: hot 13: funny 14: fit 15: amazing 16: tough 17: cute 18: beautiful 19: nerd 20: epic
girls camp in 2 days!!!!!!! yay!!!!  troubled 
listening to celtic thunder and  love  -ing it !!!  laugh 
today i went balloning with my grandpa i may have had to wake up early but it was worth it!!!!
blargggggggggggnesssss!!!!!!!!!  crying 
that was an epic special stake conference!!!  laugh 
   meh     crying 
i feel deprived of time!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
i just got back from a three day sleep-over at mo's house!!! yay me!!!!!!!!!
would rather be sitting in a pool filled with pirahna fishies than doing dishes
"says describe me in one and one word only, and why? then post this on your status to see what ppl think of you!"
"my little brother just discovered that    1, he's lazy and actually has a reason to be lazy, and 2, is allergic to the color blue     smile "
i was in the closet during 11 11 11:11 11     smile 
graduations over    it was awesome!!!!!
"peanut butter and huckleberry <propfemale> on cinnamon swirl toast   yummy but, probably a bad idea to eat when i'm about to sing in front of hundreds of people   smile "
"me:"" stop clicking you""re tounge!!!!!!!""connor:""why ""me kiss  while clawing at his legs and ripping out leg hairs in large chunks* ""because, it's the only sound in the room!    you might not be able to hear it     but i can      sad """
left to go to honor band at  6:55 this morning      got home at 11:25 pm     it was an awesome day
egg sandwiches and strawberries    best breakfast ever    smile 
    the snow is deeper than my dogs are tall      
"i""m dying my hair on thursday!!!!!!!!!!!!  troubled  i am sooooooo exited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"oh my goodness, i am so excited!!!!!!!! trixy had puppies last night!!!!! four of them, two boys and two girls!!! the girls are black and white spotted like their dad, one of the boys is pure white with black ears and the other is pure black!!!!!! there so  cute!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
i just went on my first date!! squeeeeeee! yayz   
"connor's quote of the day ""human flesh tastes like pork!?!?!?!         no wonder there's cannibals!!!!!!!"""
"dyeing my hair at 4 surprise 0!!!!!!! i""m sooo happy >u<"
"connor's quote of the day""<propfemale>!! you have a triple-filled turd   in you're soda!!!!!""(it was triple filtered   )"
"puppies, jerky and gualsa     the world doesn't get much better     smile "
bananas      btw happy thankgiving y'all 
feels rested    i got to sleep in 'till 10:20 today    that's the lastest i've slept in all summer   laugh 
i am soooo excited for the concert tonihgt!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
o o     i has a sad day    
it has been decided that i do not nave blood running through my veins      i have <propfemale> slushy  laugh 
cleaning cleaning   mom says the house has to be spottless by yesterday     
rainbow mini-popcorns!!!!!!!!! >o< yay
 sad      my daddy's headed to canada    and he wouldn't take me with him     sad 
"~connor's quotes of the day~"" <propfemale>, you're being stalked by strawberry-dropping hobo's   """"i love this car!! *insert fangirl scream here*""""i would totally do that!!!!!!!    if there weren't people around """
"just got back from girls camp!!!!!!!!!! it was amazing, and wet     smile "
"i'm going to the movies today!!!!!!!! why you ask, momma's gonna see eclipse and i'm gonna go see the last airbender squeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! troubled  i've been wanting to see that moviesince the first day i saw the comercial for it on t v !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, <propfemale> girls come from california, but, us idaho girls have fire & ice in our blood  we can ride 4-wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook, pack heat, love football, hunt with the boys, bake a cake, party and love with passion, and if we have an opinion    you know you are gonna hear it!! copy and paste if you are a idaho girl!! smile "
it took 4 plates of food to fill me up       and i'm hungary again    hmmmmmmm
we figured out a name for the puppy!!!!!!!!! his new name is apollo!!!!!  laugh 
i am now faced with a very pressing delema      let the puppies out now or wait until colten wakes up so they don't eat his face     
so   tired   can't   sleep   been up since 4 smile 0      
"idaho ars charter school    dear iacs  where learning is fun, and there's so much to be donethat's how wer spell success   iacsidaho arts charter school you're dear to my heart        hust a simple message to all those people who don't want to go to iacs don't       i just spent the past 3 1 2 hours crying because i thought i wouldn't be able to go there anymore       iacs forever"
iacs graduation is in 2 days     i'm freaking out!!!!!!!!!
oh my goodness !!!!!!!! my dad literaly just walked into the house with two baby ducks!!!!!! sqeeee i'm soooo excited!!!!!!
"my poor baby duckies got beat up by the bigger baby birds, now they have blisters on their beaks      it makes me sad  crying "
"goodbye cruel world!!!!! i'm leaving idaho           for a week of fun in the sun camping on the oragon coast!!!!!! yeah man!!!!!!!!>o<n"
my brother got sparkled by a mexican fairy     lol
yayz!!!! i no longer wallow in the sadness of my own woe    laugh   laugh   laugh 
off to honor band! woot!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  :
yesterday i was playing catch with my brother and my cousin <propfirst>      we used <propfirst> as the ball       laugh  it was fun 
i just got my new car!!!!!!! now i can drive to school again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's official      i hate doing the dishes!!!!!
"you know that feeling when the last <propfemale> rings on the last day of school and you just stand there and think to yourself ""i made it   ""     yeah    smile "
i just spent the past half an hour wrangling stubborn fainting goats out of our garden    by myself   it sucked  
"i went to a funeral today for my uncles mom, but i didn't get to see any of it  i was in the nursery watching the children of the adults that went to the funeral   there were a ton!!!!!!!!!!!! not even joking there were over 10 kids!!!!"
it's official   i'm crazy   i'm eating cookies  with a fork      laugh 
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure, and it's not contagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but it would mean a lot if you could  leave it on your status for at least an hour  it's special education week "
       i'm hungery    
i've kidnapped mo and vicci fro the night!!!!!!! mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha    ha
off to the awesoemness of preparing for the road show     
today i ate the literal definition of ice-cream cake!! it was birthday cake flavored ice cream!  laugh 
"summar seminary, orthodontist appointment, and mo spending the night at my house   gonna be a busy day "
"mom's quote of the day""tomorrow's christmas <propfemale>    *sigh* i'm so sad     crying  """
i like petting baby ducks tummies     smile  (softest thing ever)
i really really need a hug from someone who cares    and i won't be at school tomorrow   :')
dr  jackle and mr  hyde was a great play!!!! we love you capt  sweeney!!!!!!!!!!
i'm gonna be gone in 2 2sdays on the 22 in 2 weeks      laugh  (epic 2-ness)
it's snowing      again     playful 
i had a day filled with crap and pain      laugh    yayz      
i got my dress for home coming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
girls camp in 10 days!!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>       laugh 
"happy fourth of july peoplez! have fun and don't forget to remember our country for what it really is, the land of the free and the home of the brave it seems that recently the only thing people associate with <propfemale> is fat lazy people we mustn't forget to remember who we really are a group of unique individuals who have rights people in most other countries do not we are a free nation! and don't you forget that! laugh "
i just realized i really like food     smile 
i'm soooooo excited for tvhm tonight       and tomorrow      and wednesday      smile 
my brother got a haircut!!!!!!! finally!!!!!! it brings me joys of the happy variaty      laugh 
i started piano lessons today!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"watching <propmale> potter and on facebook at the same time!!! takes skillz yes, it does       laugh "
woot!!!i now feel epic!! i attempted to draw a realistice picture of frodo baggins and didin't fail epicly      now i just need to fix aragorns
"""i'll see you through the flood see you through the fire, see you through the storms a raging "" day of fire- through the fire"
"my throat hurts ,and i still can't feel my lips    but,it was an awesome day and i wouldn't trade it for the world      playful "
"i'm in tillamook, oregon  i went to the tillamook cheese factory and ate squeeky cheese, and ice cream then i went to  a beach with my cousins aiyana, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> and i dove into the very cold ocean and built a sand castle  then when i got back my parents had left the fairgrounds to go to the campgrounds so i was left soaking wet  in the cold wind until they came back    all-in-all a very productive day    laugh "
i'm so happy i can bearly breath!!!!!!!!!!
playing at the beach    man its cold!
"""   why is there a peice of fried chicken on the dryer!?!?!?!?""    he he highlight of my day "
yay for a day filled with fun and happiness!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale>'s over at my house right now and mo might be coming over later today    what isn't awesome about that!!!  laugh 
i'm   so   tired   
today i just learned the definitions of lycanthrope and lammasu     laugh 
just finished picking raspberries at my neighbors house    it was sooooooo hot!!!!!!!  playful 
no school today!!!!!!!!  i want to sleep!!!!!
how the heck do you cut your finger on a plastic shampoo bottle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! theworld doesn't like me right now!  crying 
   i have a sunburn on my ear    nowhere else just my right ear     smile 
is currently watching dr  who    smile 
pacific northwest octopus tree!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i has been there!  smile 
"heh heh i'm totally lol-ing right now!!!!!!!  laugh go to google maps type in direction from japan to <propfemale> then read #43    then if you want to see something funnier   look up taiwan to <propfemale> and read #24  i laughed sooooo hard when my momma showed me!!!!!  laugh "
i just got back from girls camp and i loved it epicly!!!!  laugh  it was an amazing week filled with fun and the lord my god and redemmer!!
hi everybody     i'm baaaaa-aaaaak      smile 
what is your favorite emotion   i would really like to know!!!!!!  laugh 
my hair is red!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!squeeeee    yayz     smile 
    purple     laugh 
suicidal sunbathers rock!!!!!!!!>o<     being grounded from facebook does not    crying  see you all when i can get back on!!!!!!!!!!
has anyone ever wondered which state has a cash crop of celary??? i have been pondering this for some time   
"i just saw ""the last airbender!!!!!!!"" it was awesome!!!!! i loved it     there were a few parts i was angry with   but nothing to terribly bad     i was most angry with uncle iroh they did a terrible job casting him and they didn't get his personality right either!!!  laugh "
best day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! first mo and vicci spent the night at my house then i wentto the roller drome with some of my best buds in the whole world and my epic awesome choir teacher then we ate food and went skating again!!!!!!!!!! even though i got a very painful blister it was worth it!!!!!  laugh 
is gradually beginning to regain feeling in her fingers and toes    
i went to a bbq thingy with my family today!  laugh  it was fun and i did teyla's hair up all pretty like !  smile 
spanking the garden    blow drying the dog   dancing in the the shower   all in all a busy day     laugh 
i'd forgotton how much i  love  the movie <propfemale> 
"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little    differently   smile "
yay!!!!!!!! i have an appiontment today to see if it color i want to dye my hair will work with my skin tone an to make an appointment to get my hair dyed and cut!!!! yayz!!  laugh 
1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week  2nd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall for 3 days  3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only) 4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic    put this as your status if you're brave enough
hey peoplez from my school!!!!!! i need info       what time is the neon frenzy and how much does it cost to get in!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my toenails are orange and green!!!!!!!!! yayz!!!!!!
need more sleep    o o
    puppies puppies puppies puppies puppies puppies puppies puppies !!!puppies everywhere!
"great day filled with happiness!!!! mo and <propfemale> came over and we cleaned out the pool then played in it for 2 hours     and i'm eating burger <propmale>, have girls camp tomorrow, and have <propfemale> to eat up there!!!!!!!!  laugh  yayz!!!"
i just made a picture of jesus out of wood      laugh 
there's nothing better than weeding a hot garden then jumping into a cols swimming pool!!! see ya later suckers i'm going swimming!!!!!  laugh  woot *splash*
"connor-""why are you going the <propfemale> way home do you want mom to worry even longer  than she usually does?!?!""*fifteen minutes later*me-""mom's not even home   ""ahhhh blonde moments"
like this status if you would cry if i died    put this as your status and see who really loves you  smile  ? 
mmmmeeeehhhhh!!!! i dislike volume!!!!!!!!!!!!!! o^o
lolz     laugh 
"i just discovered that i have a  new hobby!!!!!!!!! scroll saw <propmale> is awesome      it combines all of my favorite things,,, wood, <propmale> and power tools!!!  laugh "
"woot   new keyboard, mouse and monitor  fresh from the school!!  laugh "
i wnet to the starlight mtn  theatre last night and sw the wizard of oz    it was soooo cool!!!!! then after word i got to shake the middle trees hand!!!! he was an amazing actor    if you ever get the <propmale> i definatly recomend you going it is not a waste of time!!!!  laugh 
so   many   flies    all i want to do is    smash them all with a hammer!!!!! bwhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhaha
"""oh you're so fluffy    oh you're so fluffy!!!!!!!!  laugh """
"*picks something up off the table*""       what the heck is this?????"""" jesus    and it's upside-down""*flips it over* ""ohhhhhhhhhh     smile ""    gotta love brothers"
sooo   sleepy   
i just made my first batch of homemade fugde     i hope it's good   smile 
i went to the motercycle races with my cousins last night     laugh 
i finished the book!!!!!!!!     i think i'll read it again     smile 
"owww    i went and floated the river for        6 1 2 hours (i think) yesterday and i goy an epic sunburn      my arms are in mucho pain       but, it only means i'll be even <propmale> than i already am     bwahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahaha ha"
i discovered i <propfemale> about 40 lbs of stuff to school with me every day!!!!!  laugh 
you never truely realize how beautiful the world is until you're driving through it on a tractor    ^-^
i was planning on doing that in like   five minutes     playful 
"comment if you think im a good friend, like this if you think im attractive smile  copy and paste this to your status if your brave!"
i just had  an absoulutly terrifying dream about a 50 foot viperfish that ate people    o o
"over the loud speaker my name they did call,the question they asked echoed loud through the halls blood rushed to my cheeks, i have to confess,but to whom it may concern, my answer is          yes "
"""<propfirst> did you know, that your baby boy would someday walk on water<propfirst> did you know that your baby boy will save our sons and daughtersdid you know that your baby boy has come to make you newthis child that you've delivered will soon deliver you-the blind will see the deft will hear, the dead will live again the lame will leap the dumb will speak the praises of the lamb <propfirst> did you know?"" smile "
we have got the best band music ever!!!!!!!! we got invicta (i love this song     laugh )  yesterday and bohemian rhapsody today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sad day for iacs happy day for <propmale> high     mr  wight you rock and we'll miss you!!!!!!!!  crying  good luck in emmett   bwahahahahahahaha you just might need it     laugh 
if you like my status i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2  the color you remind me of 3 my first memory of you 4  the animal you remind me of 5  ask something i've always wondered about you 6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird nickname 8  challenge you to post this!
latting a16 year old girl operate heavymachinary isn't dangerous at all     smile 
 laugh      ??? i just forgot what i was going to say     playful 
and now for my next trick i shall     completly drench my fries in fry sauce!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
o k  everybody i'm trying to find a new name for my puppy   any suggestions???? if you look in my pics he's whe white one with the black ears   
it looks like chicken noodle soup      with beans!!!!  laugh 
just came home from my first homecomming   it was   fun    smile 
yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay yay!!!!!!!
     off to tvhm right      now      laugh  @ 6:14
"o k i have many things to say today    first, does anyone have an extra <propfemale> shoe i could have by tomorrow   second, it's good to follow your own beat, unless you're in band class, and finished my homework   now i'm off to watch <propfemale> trek   heh heh heh  smile "
    meh       t t   
mah chair has been stolen!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i don't know where it is      crying 
song!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so  sleepy  i woke up at 4:44 yesterday to pick up mo and drive to boise, set up hot air balloons, fly through the sky and yell ""hi"" to people asleep on their porches, and eat breakfast  then, i came home for   3 hours and went back to boise for night glow     it was fun     i will post pics soon "
i'm excited and nervous for honor band         all at the same time     i think i'll go implode in a corner now   laugh 
i feel a kingdom hearts fangirl squeal coming on!!!!! squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!  >o<
o o      we're having salald without lettuce for dinner     does anyone else find this a little strange?!?  sad 
"""there are hands i cannot hold, hearts i cannot comfort tears that only miracles can stay, so let me love and serve and teach those who come within my reach, for miracles begin that way   "" i  love  that song      smile "
"they are coming    prepare your guns, gather your ammo, and get ready       the whistle pigs are comming out to play     smile "
"i went to student-lead conferences, got my hair cut, ate food, finninshed the spoof video for english and washed 3 dogs at th same time     all-in-all a rather productive day    smile "
nobody can answer all these questions about me    full name:___________age:________ birthday:___________ eye color:_________ nickname:___________ bestfriend:______________ favoritecolor:___________favorite food:________ my fav person:____________  favorite thing to do:_________ post this to your wall and see who knows what about you     
"time to make noms     parmesian chicken, a light <propfemale> <propfemale> oil bread and    jalapeno poppers!!!! yayz"
po  ta  toes      i do wants them         
today i discovered that i am more masculine than most of the boys at my school     that's actually quite sad          no offence to any of the very few manly boys at iacs    
i just cut my finger open while making pumpkin pie lol  laugh 
   there's mud    on my pants     sad 
puppysleeping on my lap    wearing my pooh pants    house dead silent      i iz happy    smile 
i made it!!!! >^< ohmigoshyayzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!
one concert down    one to go     playful 
just got back from tvhc i hope i did alright    smile 
"i'm sick, my back hurts, my neck is in pain, i'm sleeps, i feel old, and i want break to start so i can sleep in     but the world is good and i am happy good night everyone and remember, the world can be wonderful depending on how youlook at it    laugh "
"connor's quote of yesterday    "" ah  look dad you left your quaters sitting so long they started to mold!"""
"an avarage day in the life of me   ""don't look at me in that tone of voice!"""" don't sniff me like i'm crazy!""""this is a checkbook!!"""" you're invited to a crayon melting party,when: eventuallywhere: mr  sherbert's barnwhy: i dunno""""get a life!"" ""i already have one!!   sorta   """"* insert randomname here*, i love you!!!!!""shuddup connor"" (thefunny thing about this one is half the time he's not even talking   "
thank you everyone!!!!! now i feel loved and special       that takes epic ninja skillz!!!!!!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! it's on my elbow!!!!!!!!!!!!
meh!!!!!!!!!!!! my mommy made me eat streight garlic and gargle with cheyanne water!!!!!t t
why!
i finished the picture!!!  laugh 
whoot!!! off to school!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  happiness fills me!!!!!!!!!!!!
now i just need to figure out how to finish my super-epic-awesome-epic-of-all- epicness-totally-amazing cardboard super computer     laugh 
    i have an elbow    
time to begin sanding my hand      laugh 
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same "
"quote of the day- "" it's like a giant snapping turtle!!!!""                           "" yes!!!! cuz' giant snapping turtles are awesome!!!!!!!!!  laugh """
poor chapstick    they ate it to death    
connors' wearing <propfemale> pants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yayz!!! mr  quackers, gumpy, and tori-niku are     dead!!!!!!!!!!! they will make a delicious cristmas dinner     smile "
    i hate my spacebar     x(
"connor's quotes of the day 1- ""come senor cheescake, let us ride off into the cloudy mongoose on our black unicorn, chesnut!!""2- m-"" so brother what do you want for your birthday?""c-"" food   ""m-"" o k  then, i'll get you a deep fat fried scorpion tail covered in bacon-salt and peanut butter!!!""c-""    the first part sounds good    but the peanut butter, no just, no      """
is about to eat fried popcorn!!!!!!!!! laugh 
"i got a baby sheep today     i named him haggis, pray he survives the night   "
"why is it that every time oi eat a chocolate cookie i get the random urge to sing ""mitse hid lik"""
"""that could be me""i've never awoke in the dead of night,to hear screams of pain and frightthe fear that i feel when i'm no longer freei think to myself ""that could be me""i hide in the courner to run from the painmy screams are masked by the falling rainthe bruises i hide from the eyes that i seei think to myself ""that could be me """
"i, too, have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought    and are fighting it  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends   love "
heh heh     therers nobody online at 6 am on a saturday morning     
"believes in jesus christ and has accepted him as my personal savior  one fb'er has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, ""if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven "" this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it   re post this  no shame here, no show, no notice  he is my savior"
     laugh  i just finished writing a song on fanale    
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same "
"mehhhhh!!!!!! i have a <propmale> delema!!!!! and need some help!!!!! my cousin has a goat that just had babies, but two of them died so now the momma has too much milk and she wants me to give her haggis to be raised by an actual momma and not bottle fed by me and my mom every 4 hours    but, i love him and don't want to get rid of him, but he would be so happy to have a momma and i don't know what to do!!!!!! tt_tt"
only at iacs    only there could that happen    
"connor's quote of the day"" i'm gonna take my shirt shirt off now     ""*five seconds later*""nnnyyeaaaaaahhhhh    my shirts coming off   sad  "" ^connor's sound of frustation anoyance"
49 days til' i turn 17    laugh 
i could actually hear the trumpets      it was amazing     
haveing left over dinner for breakfast      nothin'  better than gardettos andleft over popcorn   ;p
"i can think of no worse death than ""death by toilet brush""      "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   no cuss words  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !!"
i amcooking meat and curly fries     laugh 
"~list of baby animals i want to get this spring~1-2 cows1 pig3 chickens2 turkiesand 1 partrige or a quail     or a phesent   and a duck"
" laugh  sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without your brothers or sisters protesting, it is so true    heh heh   i'm the only sibling with a facebook     smile "
"""too much chocolate is a oxymoron    "" -iggy"
"connor's quote of the day""i don't like bluberries     they're too sweet and not sweet at the same time   """
we got another baby sheep     we anmed this one calamari     laugh 
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttttttt   
sierra's here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
plot twist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
sheep kisses!!!!!!
tt_tt owwweeeee   
"like my status and i'll tell you what movie character you remind me of (if you like, you must copy&paste this as your own status )"
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of my conscious decision  i want you here  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale>    family & friendshp thank you for being part of my life!
yay!! the turkeys are dead       and we discovered that banana was actually a girl!!  laugh 
"just finished building a temporary home for haggis, ohno, and calamari "
"*watching <propfemale> trek: the next generation*me-""what's her accent???""mom- ""i don't know, sounds french    french-canadian maybe  ?""connor- ""sacre bleu    eh!""  laugh   laugh "
"two things from the car ride home     (you know it's gonna be good if it came from the car)1) religously blessed, watermelon, large shed for holding animals, in which a superhero that is named after a flying rodent with leathery wings resides= holy watermelon barn batman!!!!!!2) connor and i are going to kill <propfirst> beiber using <propfemale> syrup      and some rope "
"i've never smoked weed, been drunk, snuck out or skipped school  copy and paste this as your status whoever likes it thinks your lying  "
"instructions: go to your profile  the top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how dead are you?1- <propfirst> weekes2- colyn proehl3- <propfirst> bechstein4- <propmale> isaccson5- drue <propmale>"
my dogs ate one of my chickens     luckly the chicken survived and the puppies were severly punnished   
i want food   
just finished typing chapter 5 of my story for english   i hope it makes people cry!!  laugh 
"is running out of her house to get ingredients for pie, so she can make pie for pie "
"connor's quote of the day""throw a bomb at me, blow me up! yay!!  laugh """
ohmigosh!!!!! elbow room!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"mom's quote of the day""where's my finger   where's my finger!!!!!!"""
i officially start track tomorrow      laugh 
owwwwwwwwccccccchhhhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeee     sad  my legs hurt     
i'm wearing a hat     laugh 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
 laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
sleepy    - -
"    my puppies ate my flash drive  luckly, it still works  i just had to cover the back half of it with duct tape "
"i can't go caroling today!!!!!!! it""s so sad!!!!!!!!!  crying "
"pray for apollo please, he got attacked by something last night  and is in pretty bad shape "
"i finished typing my story for english!!!!!!!! it is 11,111 words long   (not even joking)"
we got a piggy!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  i'm soooooooooo happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"quote of the day-""nooooo! come back poop i need you!!!"
<propfemale> splints are unhappy      sad 
<propfemale> is the toughest dog evah!!!!!!!! today she chased a coyote off of our property 
"i love my life     i wouldn't trade it for any other life in the world     i may not be famous, i may not have lots of money, but i have family and animals and i an happy    laugh "
   april fool's day was yesterday     wasn't it    
this is so much fun! i wrote this with my tablet 
soon     very soon      smile 
is making pie     laugh 
for all you awesome music peoples like me it is currently 'favorite composer as profile picture week'  so show your music pride and put your favorite composer as your profile picture!
you never throw away blank paper or music!!!!!!!
that was a good book      and it only took me     3 hours to read    yayz!  laugh 
 laugh 
happy new year!  laugh 
nothing is morerelaxing than lying down on the floor in the front room with a puppy on your lap and listening to <propmale> groban's christmas c d      i fell asleep almost insantly  
"hooray for lord of the rings- 1,2, &3 extended version with actor commentary!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
"i woke up this morning and they were gone,as if they had never even been here, faint traces litter the house, and sleeping bag here and empty bottle therei miss them already i hope they come back and visit soon   "
"""how do you feel <propfemale>?""- mr  weasley""saintlike,""-george""what's wrong with him! is his mind affected?!?""-<propfirst>""saintlike     you see   i'm holy  holey, <propfirst> geddit?-george"" pathetic, pathetic! with the whole wide world of ear related humor before you, you go for holey?!?""-<propfirst>heh heh lolz  laugh  that's my favorite part of the whole book!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
you'd think they'd learn       playful 
i like orange juice       smile 
<propfemale> got a hair cut!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!
"connor's quote of the day: ""you cant stop when you're shootin' stuff with imaginary purple guns!!!!""*said in southern accent       laugh "
my kitchen smells like meat and potatoes      i like it     smile 
    there's a duck on my bed      laugh 
"my epic quote of the day: ""praise me! for i bring you life giving food!!!!!      i also steal your babies and eat them     smile """
